nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2013-05-05	What'd you think?
2	WinterKing	2013-05-05	The worst of the season.
3	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-05-05	I gave it a solid 8.
Tywin and Olenna, Cersei and Tyrion, Varys and LF....well done.
4	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Solid.  I'll give it an 8.  Impressive ending sequence.  Does a good job setting up the next few episodes (and that's really what it is, and has to be - a set up episode).
5	Hound Dog	2013-05-05	Bleeeeccchh. What a disappointment!
6	King Kev.	2013-05-05	I'm giving it a 9.
RAMSAY WAS AWESOME.
7	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	7/10
Roose and Ramsay were both great. I enjoyed the LF/Varys scene and Tormunds half a har made me happy. Other than that the episode was just okay imo. Thought episodes 4 and 5 were both significantly better.
8	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	It was..okay.  Nothing spectacular.  I gave it a 7 which is the same as the premiere, and tied for the lowest I've given all season.
9	Ser Creighton	2013-05-05	6-7, nothing special, some odd changes.
10	Ran	2013-05-05	This one is very mediocre on a writing and characterization level, I felt, and it's probably my least favorite of this season. Obviously you need to retool to start gearing up, but... meh.
11	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	First time I didn't enjoy an episode. Dunno... Tywin and QoT saved it. 6.5. 7, 'cause I'm merciful
12	Dru	2013-05-05	8. Great setup for the next few episodes. Actually felt bad for Ros. Didn't deserve to be turned over to that psychopath.
13	Javi Marcos	2013-05-05	Worst chapter maybe of the full series.
The only good stuff was Ramsey and LF vs Varys.
And Tormund being almost fun.
14	jewahe	2013-05-05	I like it, but it was rather a letdown after the last few eps. solid 8.
15	Linda	2013-05-05	Well, here this season starts going really downhill by the looks of it. I am so over everyone in King's Landing except Sansa. The show's annoying tough-girl Ygritte sucks something fiercely. I won't even mention the Theon crap (well, I guess I just did, but ugh, such a stupid decision).
But hey, at least we got rid of Ros!
					
					
							Edited by Linda, 05 May 2013 - 09:04 PM.
16	Ser Creighton	2013-05-05	This one is very mediocre on a writing and characterization level, I felt, and it's probably my least favorite of this season. Obviously you need to retool to start gearing up, but... meh.And your rating is? What is a "meh" on the scale of 1-10?
17	morky	2013-05-05	The worst episode so far was episode 2. This is a close second. That being said I am enjoying season 3 significantly more than any episode from season 2 except for blackwater. There were some really good scenes in here. The wall climbing sequence has awesome effects. Some weird stuff too.
18	nothatso	2013-05-05	Really just don't understand why they've handled the Jon stuff they way they have. Looking like they cut out another major part of his storyline as they did with the Qhorin stuff in season 2. Don't know how they can raid castle black with 3 raiders.
19	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Ill go with 7 I guess.
Like everyone said, not a lot going on. Kind of weird writing at times between Arya/Gendry/Mel and the Littlefinger sequence that shows Sansa crying. Why did we skip Tyrion telling her and Shae's reaction to it?
20	MMOWarrior	2013-05-05	The calm before the storm...  well GoT style...  
Good setup episode with a couple surprises solid 8...  I'm just glad there will be no more Ros whining...
21	Fez	2013-05-05	A few good scenes, but no excellent ones (although if Jamie/Brienne/Bolton had gone on longer it might've been), and a lot of dullness or misfires (thought the climbing scenes were cheesy as hell, and contained some not very good CGI).  Giving it 6.
ETA: That said, I still don't mind any of the story changes.  I just want the changes, and the fidelity to the book, to be better written.  Which this episode wasn't.
					
					
							Edited by Fez, 05 May 2013 - 09:06 PM.
22	TheHedgeWizard	2013-05-05	Gave it a 7. I really enjoy Paul Kaye as Thoros of Myr. RIP Ros
23	Zman1863	2013-05-05	It definitely did not stand out. Naturally they need to set up for some of the things that come later and that's fine. But since so much was book deviation, it felt a bit unsettling and I'm nervous about how those things turn out- especially the Melisandre/Gendry thing.
24	Funkagenda	2013-05-05	Pretty good! 
The scene with Littlefinger, Varys and Ros was EPIC! Brilliantly, with that voice-ver.
Olenna + Tywin was great as well, amazing dialogues. The climb of the wall was also pretty cool, great atmoshpere. Parts with Jaime+Roose and Robb and Edmure were also pretty good. Bran
s part was a bit less, but Meera was still pretty good.
8.5/10 > 8/10
25	Arrow	2013-05-05	I gave it an 8.
Edmure looked so funny while he was trying to figure out why everyone was looking at him. I like that actor.
I haven't gotten this far with reading the books yet, so I'm not quite sure what's really going on. Loved the bickering between Osha and Meera. Jon's having to knock their heads together.
Tywin and Olenna, wonderful scene. Experienced, crusty old powermongers going at each other for control of the realm. Wow.
No mo' Ros. We knew Littlefinger was a scary beast, but that was over the top. He and Joffrey between them came up with pure evil, shudder.
Arya really is a BAMF. She may turn out to be a worthy opponent for the Red Woman. I'm worried for Gendry.
Jaime just can't keep his mouth shut, can he? Stupid git, I thought he was learning some humility. Guess it's too much to hope for.
Theon is doomed.
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 06 May 2013 - 02:08 AM.
26	Ser Creighton	2013-05-05	First time I didn't enjoy an episode. Dunno... Tywin and QoT saved it. 6.5. 7, 'cause I'm mercifulFelt the same way, I gave it a 6-7 because of high production values and good actors. I also new an episode like this was coming so I was not surprised. I should give it a 10 because they got rid of Ros. But off camera to rob me of my glee? Oh no, oh no, oh no.
27	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Well, here this season starts going really downhill by the looks of it. I am so over everyone in King's Landing except Sansa. The show's annoying tough-girl Ygritte sucks something fiercely. I won't even mention the Theon crap (well, I guess I just did, but ugh, such a stupid decision).But hey, at least we got rid of Ros!I think you need more than 1 bad episode after 2 great episodes to really feel like something will trend down.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 May 2013 - 09:06 PM.
28	Caryn Stark	2013-05-05	7/10
Hated that they told Sansa. I loved her surprise in the books. 
The Jon/Ygritte was overdone. 
Jaime and Brienne are always amazing.
What was up with Mel's prophecy?
I liked the QoT/Tywin exchange but NOT the outcome.
At least Ros is gone....?
Really a 6.5 but I rounded up in mercy.
29	dtones520	2013-05-05	Least favorite episode of the series for me. Still wasnt a horrible episode. The Theon and Ramsay scene was really good, I love their decision to show Ramsay breaking Theon. QoT and Tywin was really entertaining, as was Cersei and Tyrion. The scene with Orell cutting Jon and Ygritte lose was really stupid to me.
Not that I liked the change, but I thought the scene with Melisandre, Thoros and Beric was really entertaining.
30	jarl the climber	2013-05-05	Well at least we won't be hearing anymore complaints about Ros anymore. The Tyrion and Cersei scene was OK. The dinner scene with Jaimie and Bolton fell flat. Tywin and Ollenna could have been a good scene. The way he forced her to agree to the marriage seemed kind of lame. Aryas stuff was probaly the best stuff we got. Jons scenes were better than they have been. Gave it a 6.
31	LyannaStargaryen	2013-05-05	I gave it a 7.  I did like the Tywin/Cersei/Tyrion scene, the Tywin/Queen of Thorns scene, and all of the scenes with the Brotherhood.
Ramsay was gruesomely fantastic.  The climb was solid, but not as tense as I thought it would be.
The Barristan/Jorah conversation seemed pointless to include this episode, and was a bit odd in drawing out the differences from the books.  So will Dany never learn of Jorah's earlier betrayal?
Littlefinger genuinely creeped me out this episode.  His interaction with Varys and monologue about the climb to power were pretty riveting.
Too much Loras, too little Maragery.
Melisandre making it to the Brotherhood's camp from Dragonstone seemed far fetched.
32	Mr.Black	2013-05-05	It was alright the only part i really didnt like was that they killed ros off like that, would of liked to see it happen.
33	franko99	2013-05-05	6/10 worst of the season by farThe BWB giving one of their mens just like that, WTF?? And Mel recognising Arya (or so it seems) and not giving a fuck about it??Tormund not saying anyting about Orell cutting Jon and Yggrite's???AND ROS!!! I never thought I will care so much about her death but really WTF!! if they wan't to kill her why not use her as Dontos replacement? Joffrey killing her just because he's a psycho was...stupidBolton/Jaime/Brienne was an excellent scene in the books, but in this episode was...mehI gave it a solid 8.Tywin and Olenna, Cersei and Tyrion, Varys and LF....well done.The rest of the episode, but specially those part were really well done, and Ramsay/Theon of course, flaying yeah!!! (ok that sounds wrong)
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 05 May 2013 - 09:11 PM.
34	Flayed Starkman	2013-05-05	There's no way this episode was worse than 301 and 302. There were some changes from the books sure, but as a cntained entity it worked pretty well.
Too much Theon though.
35	Er Rn	2013-05-05	Gave it a 5. Felt it was pretty dull.
36	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	An 8. I was expecting a slower, more exposition-reliant episode after the punches of 3,4,5 and that's what we got. 
Lots of 6s and 7s here, and yes, it probably was the weakest episode, but I give it scores based on how I'd rate any TV, and I was gripped enough. Feel I should have perhaps just given a 10 to ep 5 though, just cause that was so good.
Liking the way they're pacing this season a lot more than season 2. For entertainment, it's the best season yet, if not quite as polished as season 1.
+, -, ?
--
+ Loved the ending on the wall. Found it beautiful actually. Lots of symbolism, and worked well with the music. 
+ Which reminds me, I love, love, love how they've built up Ygritte and Jon's relationship. There's gonna some be hard stuff to swallow later down the line. Always need a good romance on TV shows like this.
+ Roose Bolton is amazing
+ Freys and Tullys scene was nicely done
+ Scene was a bit long, but Iway Rheon fucking with Theon is delicious
+ Sansa, Tyrion, Shae. Worked nicely
+ ROS IS DEAD. People will still probably find issue in her death after complaining about her for so long but YAY
+ Littlefinger and Varys. Always good.
+ Sorry Linda, but I love Ygritte in the show. She's way more attractive than 90% of the "tough" female characters they've tried to build up in the show
? I did like Melisandre and Arya's interaction, but the whole "I'll see you again thing" - Eh?
- Ramsay scene too long, as good as it was. 
- Osha v Meera. Who the fuck cares? I'm sorry, but if Osha is going away later, I really don't get the point in their conflict. Show Bran's attraction to Meera? Or what? And the dream thing was a bit sudden and out of nowhere.
- The way scenes cut about this week. Editing was a bit off tbh. 
Too tired to think of anything else
37	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	I'll give it a 6. A mediocre episode as far as GoT goes.
Good scenes:
The Wall climb
Varys and Littlefinger
Tyrion and Cersei
Tywin and the Queen of Thorns
Everything else fell flat.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 05 May 2013 - 09:13 PM.
38	Hound Dog	2013-05-05	But hey, at least we got rid of Ros!Ha! One of the made-up scenes I actually enjoyed, and it wasn't even really a scene. Just a wonderful happenstance.
39	Died a Hero	2013-05-05	7
It was funny. I loved the "Jaime or not, I'm still fucked." And the pin/broach conversation. But nothing really happened outside of the wall climb and that was...disappointing.
But for all you, "Theon's torture isn't in the books. I don't like that they're showing us this stuff." You're lame. It's the perfect example of how the second medium of a story can show things that the 1st medium didn't. One of the best parts of this season has been The Bastard's games. He made Theon yell, "Please, cut my finger off!" They're being true to that story that wasn't even told. What more do you want?
I can't wait to hear Reek say, "Not Bastard! Never Bastard! You mustn't call him that!"
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 05 May 2013 - 09:21 PM.
40	Mayhem	2013-05-05	I gave it a 7, not alot going on, they took up too much time with Theon, and a hundred thenns climbed the wall with Jon and Tormund, how are they going to attack Castle Black with 4 men?
41	scurvy	2013-05-05	The worst of the season.+1
42	scurvy	2013-05-05	I only enjoyed the casting of the Freys and the parlay between Ser Jaime and Lord Bolton.  Otherwise, it was just BS wasted time, when they could have told the story of the Knight of the Laughing Tree and moved other things forward based upon the source material.
I guess Tyrion now has motive for the Purple Wedding.  But, otherwise, it was one-on-one dialogs telling things that shouldn't be said.
Reek, reek, it rhymes with weak episode.
					
					
							Edited by scurvy, 05 May 2013 - 09:23 PM.
43	Bluemangosteen	2013-05-05	shipping to hell
44	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Well, here this season starts going really downhill by the looks of it. I am so over everyone in King's Landing except Sansa. The show's annoying tough-girl Ygritte sucks something fiercely. I won't even mention the Theon crap (well, I guess I just did, but ugh, such a stupid decision).But hey, at least we got rid of Ros!I find it strange that the Theon stuff bothers you.  It's just off-page in the books.
45	Serial Killer Arya	2013-05-05	I gave it a BLAH 7.
Not impressed by aything in particular.   Bran's story is dull & boring.   Sam the Slayer is looking like Sam the Dummy.  Theon torture scenes can get boring if overdone.   Jon Snow has yet to look like the badass he is.   
If they kill Gentry I will toss all my Tvs out the window.   
FIRE THE WRITER FOR THIS EPISODE.  So much more could have bee told or better done
46	Agamemnon	2013-05-05	7/10
First off the thoros/mel was... an interesting departure. I had no clue what the Red Woman was up to when she left Stannis last episode, and now it seems Gendry is in for a nice burning.
Jon is going to have quite an easy time with just 3 wildlings south of the wall to worry about. 
Nothing to spectacular happened, though I love that they killed Ros (long overdue) and the Lord Paramount of the Trident is poised to become as serious a badass as he is in the books in the next season.
47	Serial Killer Arya	2013-05-05	Oh, and what's up with the "brown eyes, green eyes" being shut forever?   RW prophecy?
48	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	And the pin/broach conversation.Ugh, the whole wedding conversation just made Loras look like such a stereotype (even more than last week's ridiculous scene).
49	tito5601	2013-05-05	An 8. I was expecting a slower, more exposition-reliant episode after the punches of 3,4,5 and that's what we got.Lots of 6s and 7s here, and yes, it probably was the weakest episode, but I give it scores based on how I'd rate any TV, and I was gripped enough. Feel I should have perhaps just given a 10 to ep 5 though, just cause that was so good.Liking the way they're pacing this season a lot more than season 2. For entertainment, it's the best season yet, if not quite as polished as season 1.+, -, ?--+ Loved the ending on the wall. Found it beautiful actually. Lots of symbolism, and worked well with the music.+ Which reminds me, I love, love, love how they've built up Ygritte and Jon's relationship. There's gonna some be hard stuff to swallow later down the line. Always need a good romance on TV shows like this.+ Roose Bolton is amazing+ Freys and Tullys scene was nicely done+ Scene was a bit long, but Iway Rheon fucking with Theon is delicious+ Sansa, Tyrion, Shae. Worked nicely+ ROS IS DEAD. People will still probably find issue in her death after complaining about her for so long but YAY+ Littlefinger and Varys. Always good.+ Sorry Linda, but I love Ygritte in the show. She's way more attractive than 90% of the "tough" female characters they've tried to build up in the show? I did like Melisandre and Arya's interaction, but the whole "I'll see you again thing" - Eh?- Ramsay scene too long, as good as it was.- Osha v Meera. Who the fuck cares? I'm sorry, but if Osha is going away later, I really don't get the point in their conflict. Show Bran's attraction to Meera? Or what? And the dream thing was a bit sudden and out of nowhere.- The way scenes cut about this week. Editing was a bit off tbh.Too tired to think of anything else i thought i heard melisandre say ill never see u again to arya
50	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-05-05	This one is very mediocre on a writing and characterization level, I felt, and it's probably my least favorite of this season. Obviously you need to retool to start gearing up, but... meh.
51	litespeed74	2013-05-05	As a non-book reader I have to say this episode was the most powerful of this season.  More and more setup though, I was hoping to see something take off.  solid 8.5/10 IMHO. Great to see the red priestess. Amazing show.
52	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	I gave it a BLAH 7.Not impressed by aything in particular.   Bran's story is dull & boring.   Sam the Slayer is looking like Sam the Dummy.  Theon torture scenes can get boring if overdone.   Jon Snow has yet to look like the badass he is.  If they kill Gentry I will toss all my Tvs out the window.  FIRE THE WRITER FOR THIS EPISODE.  So much more could have bee told or better doneI guess D&D will be getting the chop then /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.And I agree about the Bran story at least. Worst arc in the series. So, so dull. But Sam is exactly the same in the books tbh... And Jon Snow was cool this episode.
53	Ser Conky of Sunny Vale	2013-05-05	Exciting and powerful from beginning to end.  Much better than episodes 1 or 2 of this season, and in the top 5 all time.  I have no idea how this could be considered weak or boring.
A solid 10!
54	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	As a non-book reader I have to say this episode was the most powerful of this season.  More and more setup though, I was hoping to see something take off.  solid 8.5/10 IMHO. Great to see the red priestess. Amazing show.What did you think of the ending? Surprised nobody else reacted as strongly to it as I did. The way it zooms back out and shows both sides of the wall, with them in the middle (symbolically and all dat jazz) - my favourite ending in a while.
55	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-05-05	How was the"writing" off to you ? Just curious, I thought as far as a tv show it was great. Very subtle in places with just enough epicness. QOT and tywin, classic, also the "brusing" of the brotherhood was a nice touch to me, ain't no good good guys, bad bad.
56	Fredwin	2013-05-05	How can you say Sam is the same in the books? He's a coward not a total moron. He's training to be a meister.
I gave it a 7, it was a very imbalanced episode.
The dialogue and direction of the first two scenes was probably the worst of the series in my opinion. Having them play back to back was a huge mistake.
57	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	The Barristan/Jorah conversation seemed pointless to include this episode, and was a bit odd in drawing out the differences from the books.  So will Dany never learn of Jorah's earlier betrayal? ??? whut? that didnt happen this episode. that was last episode.
58	DolorousKim	2013-05-05	I actually rather liked this episode, so it gets an 8 rating from me.  To me, it was much stronger than episode 2, and a bit stronger than episode 1.  Sure, it was a bit of a let down compared to the past two episode, but still, this is a vast improvement over pretty much every episode in Season 2, with the exception of the Blackwater episode.What worked for me:Lady Olenna/Lord Tywin - For all the folks who were getting disgruntled with the QoT owning everyone that she conversed with, we a have scene where each player held his/her own.  Great acting as usual from Charles Dance and Diana Rigg.Tyrion/Cersei - A bit of a new dynamic shown in this normally totally antagonistic relationship.  I guess misery makes for some strange bedfellows.  I really liked this scene, and both Peter Dinklage and Lena Headey acquitted themselves quite well.Thoros/anyone-everyone - I am also really enjoying Paul Kaye' take on Thoros.  He totally dominates every scene that he's in.Jon/wildings - I thought that the climb sequences were pretty well executed, and that Tormund was a bit more in keeping with the Tormund from the books.  I also think that these sequences helped to advance the Jon Snow/Ygritte relationship a bit further into the realm of believability.  Orell sucks pretty hard, though....Littlefinger/Varys - I always like to see these two characters interacting, and Littlefinger was especially chilling.  His character has not been done justice thus far this season (and I say this as someone who doesn't even care for the character to any great extent), but I thought that the final scene was a big step in the right direction.Jaime/Brienne/Roose - Not a show-stopping scene, but something about this one was both amusing and creepy to me all at the same time.  Roose telling Jaime that he "overplayed his.......position"  I was yelling "hand" during the pause.  I also like the "failing at dinner" line from Jaime.What didn't work for me:I guess that I'm in the minority here, but I really didn't like the Ramsay/Theon scene.  I hate torture sequences to begin with, and things just seemed to go on forever.  Please, please tell me that we are not going to have two full seasons for Theon getting tortured by Ramsay.Arya the master archer - Just WTF???  Since when is Arya some super wunderkind with the bow and arrow??Jojen has a seizure - Again, WTF??  Are they mixing his character up with Robert Aryn (I mean Robin Aryn)??Meera/Osha antagonism -- Why, why is this necessary?Beric selling Gendry to Mel - Totally not in keeping with Berric and the BWB.  May have been the most disappointing sequence of the episode to me.Ros - Okay, I was never a fan, but man, that was a pretty shitty way for her character to have gone out.
59	Jabronius Maximus	2013-05-05	Well it was just a meh episode, I gave it a 7. The show was firing on all cylinders the last couple weeks, but this week was more of a pit stop. Hopefully it picks up moving forward. 
And I really don't like the actor for LF. Imo dude is tearing apart the character.
60	Fredwin	2013-05-05	What didn't work for meArya the master archer - Just WTF???  Since when is Arya some super wunderkind with the bow and arrow??Well, in episode one season one didn't she take the bow from Bran and make an expert shot? For TV continuity that is
61	lomiller	2013-05-05	Gave it a 7 due to a couple good scenes.  It was more of a 6.5 though.  Worst episode of the season IMO
62	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	BTW 9/10 for the episode. I pointed out all my excitement in the non-spoiler thread. lol editing all the while I was watching.
my only irk was some of the cheesiness. the small awkward moments (loras/sansa, tyrion/sansa/shae) but They needed those scenes to show sansa's horrific dismay at littlefinger's ship leaving. (such a cute ship). oh and yea the bran scene seemed like filler to me. (they are getting closer to the wall and meera hunts for them. but it was really pointless)
I did however, also enjoy LF's mention of someone useful. (thinking of Dontos)
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 05 May 2013 - 09:46 PM.
63	go joff go	2013-05-05	I gave it a seven.  I didn't dislike any scenes its just that it had too many low key scenes.  Just the way it happens.  I was slightly disappointed that the Bolton scene ended up being one of the shorter scenes in the episode.
64	Arrow	2013-05-05	Arya the master archer - Just WTF???  Since when is Arya some super wunderkind with the bow and arrow??Didn't the very first episode of Season 1 show Arya humiliating Bran when he was learning archery? She comes up behind him and shoots and hits the center, then runs from him.
65	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-05	I'm going to miss Ros and her tits.
66	Winterfell's Crypt	2013-05-05	After two very solid episodes, this was a letdown. A 6 at best.  The changes with Gendry really rankled me.
67	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-05	Not amazing like the last few episodes but still solid. I'd probably give it an 8.
68	DolorousKim	2013-05-05	Well, in episode one season one didn't she take the bow from Bran and make an expert shot? For TV continuity that isYep, you are right, that did happen in episode one, but I took it to be more of lucky shot.  Perhaps I misinterpreted and it was meant more to show her overall skill level.  My mind keeps going back to the way that book Arya had trouble bending the bow properly when she was with BWB, and that's where my cognitive dissonance is undoubtedly coming from.
69	KRANG202	2013-05-05	Easily the worst of the season. Meh
70	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	Personally, the only thing that really ruined the episode for me was Loras' scenes.  Especially that horrible scene with Sansa in the garden.  Sophie Turner deserves a better actor to play off of.
71	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-05	9. It was pretty great because the Wall stuff was awesomely done. That shot of Jon and Ygritte on the top was beautiful. Sam singing the Little Children song was so great. Its my favorite Sam moment. <3 The big change with Mel and Gendry was pretty drastic but it works! It really works! Im ok with it.Well, guys, we dont have to worry about Ros anymore. Scattered applauseDropping lots of foreshadow bombs and the getting rid of Ros plus Roose action and some Wall made for a good episode for me.
72	Zman1863	2013-05-05	I'm going to miss Ros and her tits.Haha- haven't seen em in a while though. I was glad they got rid of her, but the way it was done made me refrain from celebrating.
73	IPSidorov	2013-05-05	Best episode in the whole show. The flaying begins, Wall climbing as the most cinematic scene ever, no irritating dany stuff, long-awaited death of The Whore.
74	Chuck88	2013-05-05	Wasn't an amazing episode, especially in comparison to the previous two. But still very decent.
Ramsay and the shot with Ros at the end made it for me. And that shot atop the wall at the end. Arguably the most beautiful shot of the entire series.
8/10
75	Haymaker	2013-05-05	Give it a 7.  Worst of the season... but this season is the best to date so it was still pretty darn good!  Was definitly a setup epsidose so lacked the punch of the past three, but ups the anticipation for the remaining 4 epsiodes.  Don't have any complaints on any of the scenes really. Maybe having Joffery straightup kill Ros was... a little odd to me.  Interesting curveball having Tywin threat to put Loras on the kings guard, but still hoping he is somehow put on it eventually.
76	The Storm King	2013-05-05	not as good as the earlier ones. still gave it an 8 cos LF varys, Ros finally dead, and tywin vs olenna
77	Ser Graymax	2013-05-05	Back to a 7.  Has to be some filler I guess.   Still great TV
We got to see just how attractive the Red Woman is when she talked to Arya.
Killing off Ros wasn't the shocker it was meant to be and a loss of one of the most attractive females on the show.
Ygritte continued to grate on a raw nerve and I loved her in the book.   Be glad when she is gone.
The Queen of Thorns and Tywin --Epic.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 05 May 2013 - 10:43 PM.
78	Arya Stalka	2013-05-05	8 and commenting before reading other comments.
I was happy to see that Sam found some "buried treasure" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Again... wtf is Rickon? Lol maybe I missed him.  My fave part was the wall climb and as messed up as it sounds, Theon's torture scene.  I am not sure how I feel about Gendry and Melisandre as the "wood's witch"... and what she saw in Arya (my fave lil assasin) .  Could be a brilliant plot. Hmmmm.  
Loved Tyrion's awkward moment. This episode is definitely leading to the climax.
Eta: yes, I did enjoy QoT and Tywin, lol. Ugh, and Brienne in a dress and poor Jaime and his steak /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Arya Stalka, 05 May 2013 - 10:41 PM.
79	Spilly	2013-05-05	I'm sure if I were to buy the whole season 3 package and watched each episode back to back to back, this episode wouldn't disappoint me. It's just a filler episode with some weird twists. Having to wait a week until next episode though makes this episode a bit ehh.
80	a shadow	2013-05-05	I did not like (almost) a single piece of it, so if you are of the ones happy with it, just skip /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
 /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />    
Likely the first episode I was repeatedly checking time, if it is going to be over already. And definitely the first (in a bad way) I went to find who wrote this stuff. Benioff and Weiss? /wacko.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wacko:' />  The things what made me most mad, besides the general wasting of the screen time, were the handling of Arya/Gendry, Blackfish, Loras. No way in all the worlds is it in Arya's character to see her friend taken away against his will by some stupid cow and do nothing. They could have had  her away training with Anguy or any other excuse, because Melisandre's gibberish about the darkness in her was neither here nor there for most of the viewers, I'd guess. Blaskfich, who is one of my characters in the books, stays dum on TV, all blaming, no suggesting or doing anything else except repressing Edmure. Loras childhood dreams about his wedding gave a half-smile, but also a neon writing of the word *stereotype*. I don't know, for me the actor already presents his character weakly with his acting, and the stuff he is given makes it worse /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Meera/Osha was simply a waste, Gilly/Sam almost as well, even the effects of Wall climbing seemed from an era of around 1970s. Dislike very much. Hope the next one will get back to being great or good.
81	Lothar	2013-05-05	My first 10 of the season.  Because finally it's slower, they've allowed scenes and stories to breathe, and it doesn't feel they're rushing through the plot.  Which is how the last episode felt to me.  I feel like this was the most understandable episode of the season for causal fans.  I think it was so much better written than the last episode.  
I feel like it's the first time they've done Jon's story justice this season.  Mostly because they actually spent time on him.  With Theon, they've finally told the audience that no, they're not supposed to know who's torturing Theon or what's going on and the torture is becoming just as brutal as it was in the books.   Olenna/Tywin and Varys/Littlefinger were two scenes with awesome awesome dialogue that I loved all the more because I wasn't expecting it.  The entire climb and the beautiful shot at the end were some of the most atmospheric scenes in the series.  Oh and Ros is dead!  How could anyone give it less than a 9?
82	lostinwesteros	2013-05-05	This season is beginning to unravel, I fear.  Getting tired of Ygritte's bravado.  Felt shortchanged by the brief Sam and Gilly scene and shortchanged by the brief Bran scene.  The Sansa/Loras scene was entirely unnecessary, IMO.  QOT and Tywin was pretty good, especially when she broke his quill.  Hated what happened to Ros.  Liked the scene with Tyrion and Cercei.  The Theon/Ramsay scene was well played, but I still think it's being included at the expense of other solid story lines (Bran and company, Sam/Gilly -- I can't wait for Coldhands , and I really hope we're not going to get cheated out of him).  Roose scene was weak.  Frey scene was OK -- loved the appearance of the Frey boys.  View down from the Wall was terrific.Hated the whole Melisandre bit, hated that Beric and Thoros handed Gendry over to her men.  I'm no longer a fan of the BWB...they're not a brotherhood, after all.  Gave it a 7.
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 05 May 2013 - 10:41 PM.
83	Arrogant Bastard	2013-05-05	I give it about a 7.5, but will round up to an 8. Certainly not the best of the season by a long shot; I'd put it on par with the season premiere, and definitely better than episode 2.
Liked
--Queen of Thorns and Tywin. Good little scene, and I laughed at the sword swallower line
--Melisandre and the Brotherhood--contrived yes, but I thought the interactions worked. I didn't particulary like to see the BwB handover Gendry like that, but I think it happened that way to 
	Spoiler  set up Arya running away from them 
.
--Jon Snow--first time he got a considerable amount of screen time, and it worked. Liked the ending long shot and his chemistry with Ygritte.
Meh
--Jaime, Brienne and Bolton. I was really looking forward to this scene, and it just sort of fell flat. Not bad, but cut really short. I imagine they're 
	Spoiler  trying not show Roose as cruel and backstabbing as he is in the books so as not to give away his betrayal, which makes sense. However, his betrayal may not have been built up enough when it does happen and catch people too off guard. 

--Theon. Not bad, but scene ran too long and until it's revealed who this torturer is, just seems to be going nowhere.
84	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-05	After watching it again I gave it a 7. It was definitely a setup EP and there were a few flat scenes. Solid nonetheless. 
Season 3 so far for me:
E1: 7
E2: 8
E3: 9
E4: 10
E5: 10
E6: 7
Overall this season has been amazing thus far
85	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Personally, the only thing that really ruined the episode for me was Loras' scenes.  Especially that horrible scene with Sansa in the garden.  Sophie Turner deserves a better actor to play off of.Oh please.  Sophie Turner is by no means the best actress on this show.  I wouldn't even go so far as to call her good.
86	Steve Stark	2013-05-05	Interesting episode. Six or a Seven from me. Can't wait to see unRos...just to watch people piss and moan about it on the forums.
87	TNine	2013-05-05	No way in all the worlds is it in Arya's character to see her friend taken away against his will by some stupid cow and do nothing. ??? Yeah, she would.  And already did, in S2, when Gendry was taken for torture (right before Tywin shows up).Arya couldn't do anything in that situation.  She was surrounded by men three times her size who would stop her.  And she tried to stop them, but didn't get suicidal about it.
88	Arya rules	2013-05-05	Best episode ever.  Loved the changes from the book.  Incredible visuals.  Massive thumbs up to all involved.
89	_Oberyn_	2013-05-05	10. Just for Ros dying. I hope all the other HBO bs gimmicks have the same fate.
90	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-05	8/10 good episode my only issue with every episode this season this how much little time is being given to robb n cat side especially as we get closer to seasons end.  Of course always love varys/LF scenes,  LF giving Ros to his Lil friends I feel conflicted on one hand no more pointless ros scenes on the other that Lil fucker needs some smack down soon.
91	cnote	2013-05-05	I gave it a 6. Worst episode this season by far.The worst scenes:Tyrion and Sansa. When Sansa was trying on her dress, I was hoping someone would drape a Lannister cloak around her and she'd be wed to Tyrion on the spot. Instead, Tyrion stops by and tells her, right in front of Shae. No wonder they cut to the next scene, they couldn't figure out what Tyrion could say in this ass-backward situation. Ser Loras and Sansa. This scene was pointless. Loras is gay. We get it. He doesn't need to be talking up his favorite broach and describing his little-girl fantasy wedding. In the same episode, the writers seem to take a stand for gay rights with the stuff Olenna says and then they portray the only prominent homosexual character as a borderline offensive stereotype. And what's with him describing an ideal wedding dress with "French Sleeves"? There is no fucking FRANCE in this universe, it's really sloppy writing.The best scenes:Flaying at the Dreadfort. Ros shot up with crossbow quarrels. Why the fuck was she even a character?
92	a shadow	2013-05-05	??? Yeah, she would.  And already did, in S2, when Gendry was taken for torture (right before Tywin shows up).Arya couldn't do anything in that situation.  She was surrounded by men three times her size who would stop her.  And she tried to stop them, but didn't get suicidal about it.In S2 she was a captive peasant, made to witness the torture done by the men who held her. And Gendry was someone she barely knew.In S3 she is a highborn to be ransomed for a high price by men who praise her father and give trials to the likes of the Hound. And Gendry is supposed to be "her family".
93	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	Really good. My non reader friend is not diggin the slow story lines but I am eating every spoonful they are giving me. I keep telling her to judge it once she has seen the payoff. It won't be long....
8/10
94	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	Really good. My non reader friend is not diggin the slow story lines but I am eating every spoonful they are giving me. I keep telling her to judge it once she has seen the payoff. It won't be long....
8/10
95	a shadow	2013-05-05	"French Sleeves"? There is no fucking FRANCE in this universeI missed that! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
96	Talbot	2013-05-05	Alright, scene by scene (as I remember)-Sam/Gilly stuff was great. It was good depth for the characters, and I loved them talking about Sam's background. I also thought that there was a very tense feel to the scene, with the whole woods around them. The fact that Rast and the White Walkers are out there made it great, I didn't know what to expect (having read the books as well). My one non-reader friend thought Sam was gonna die there.-Bran/Osha/Meera was ok, but these scenes aren't doing much for me. They just feel useless at this point, which is frustrating since Bran's arc is vital to the North/Whitewalkers in the book.-Wall climbing was well done, I thought. The Jon/Ygritte scene early on was a good way to develop that relationship, and I loved seeing Tormund acting a little more har-like. The climb itself was cool, the context of Orell trying to cut their rope was relatively justifiable but still tense, and that last shot of the North was magnificent.-I liked Anguy/Arya's scene with the bow. Thoros is such a great character on the show, so well acted. The Valyrian exchange was neat. Gendry being kidnapped is a good example of an effective adaptation from novel-screen, but I thought the guy's acting was meh. Arya was great tonight though.-Jaime/Brienne continue to run this season. Roose is being portrayed in such a subtly creepy way, I love it. Jaime trying to cut the food was hilarious, and the bond/chemistry between the two is great. Definitely their season thus far. However, I was disappointed that we didn't get "Give Robb Stark my regards", sets up my favorite line of the novels at the RW. Unless they moved it to next week.-Theon/Ramsay was fucking brilliant. Iwan Rheon is nailing the utterly crazy/sadistic nature of Ramsay, and it's only the start of this torturous relationship. I know some people want the worst to happen to Theon, but it's gonna be hard for them down the stretch to not pity him. Great acting by Alfie.-Sansa/Loras was perfectly awkward. I know their kind of stereotyping Loras as a gay man, but it's still only light-hearted. Olenna/Tywin was a fun exchange. I love the humor that Riggs brings to the QoT and how she nearly ruffled Tywin's jimmies. Good foreshadowing with the King's Guard. I think that after learning he is to marry Cersei, Loras will try and demand he join the KG. But that can't work because Tywin wants Highgarden. Or maybe Margaery can ask Joffrey to appoint Loras to spite Tywin, which will add further conflict between Joff/Tywin.-Tyrion/Cersei's relationship is great on the show, and the scene with Shae/Sansa/Tyrion was well acted by Dinklage.-The Varys/Littlefinger exchange was awesome if you can get over LF's speech impediment. The voiceover was odd, normally GoT doesn't do that, but it worked for Ros's death. I'm not upset by it, I understand it, and I get it. It was particularly brutal, but I like how it's still a reminder of how fucked up Joffrey is, even with Margaery starting to twirl him around her fingers.Still,  the editing was a little jumpy. I was still expecting a come down episode after the 3 kick ass weeks we've had before. There were no excellent scenes, but most everything was good.7For reference:3x1: 83x2: 83x3: 93x4  93x5: 10
97	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	I missed that! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />You missed it because it didn't happen. He says fringed. The show isn't stupid enough to reference France use your head.
98	a shadow	2013-05-05	You missed it because it didn't happen. He says fringed. The show isn't stupid enough to reference France use your head.I try to /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' /> But it somehow made me feel better (not even a little serious) about the episode. And I just had to try and fell better about it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 05 May 2013 - 11:17 PM.
99	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-05	Solid 7 for me - most issues I have were already mentioned.
I think what nailed it for me was Littlefingers monologue/voice-over.. the themes of that were very deep (as well as something I connect with).. he's very nihilistic in a sense. Even though this is written for the show it fits in with the general dynamic of why he's so interested in the Eyrie. Again at the end it jumps a bit but it worked well enough with the voice-over.
The One True King killing Ros wasn't my favorite but I'm glad she's in the dirt.
100	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-05	You missed it because it didn't happen. He says fringed. The show isn't stupid enough to reference France use your head.Hahaha. Yes!!
101	Hoo	2013-05-05	10.  Great episode.
102	UnCleos	2013-05-05	Gave it a 6.
Maybe the worst episode of the series for me.  "Night Lands" is the only contender which comes close.  There wasn't one stand out scene, and Benioff and Weiss really showed how weak they are as writers this episode.  I'm sure George will come out next week and show them how it is done.  They will be the death of the series.  Two privileged morons who have nothing noteworthy to their name.  Tragic they are in charge of this adaptation.
The death of Ros was ridiculous IMO.  Joffrey being the one to do it?  Come on.
103	a shadow	2013-05-05	Hahaha. Yes!!The mighty rabbit /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
104	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Two privileged morons who have nothing noteworthy to their name.  Lol!
105	Arya rules	2013-05-05	Gave it a 6.The death of Ros was ridiculous IMO.  Joffrey being the one to do it?  Come on.Yes, that was totally out of character.  You would have done it how?
106	Corvinus	2013-05-05	7/10
The Wall climb was excellent, Ros's death was a shocker (because that's about the only thing that can shock us readers), Bolton, Jaime and Brienne scene was good, as was Ramsay's torture of Theon. The guy is very much more than a match for Joffrey in the psycho rankings.
The rest of the episode was kinda weak. Didn't like the Melisandre showing up and taking Gendry, not because it was far off from the books, but simply because the plot moved in a non-sensical way. Even Melisandre with her fires would not have been able to find the BWB.
Oh, and did Loras really say "French sleeves?" Cause if he did, that would definitely make it the worst line in the entire series.
					
					
							Edited by Corvinus, 05 May 2013 - 11:34 PM.
107	Ser Redjed	2013-05-05	7.
Ros's death supplanted the rabbits Joffery shot or so I would like to believe.
 Thankfully. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
The Red Priestess visiting the BwB, Uggh,
108	ksleblanc	2013-05-05	Good episode, not great.  But, as others have pointed out, necessary to set up the rest of the season.  There were a few "bad cuts" where we didn't get to... I would have liked to see Tyrion break the news of his engagement to the Stark girl and the resulting awkwardness. I wish they'd just give them the freedom to run over 5 or 10 minutes when need be like HBO used to do with some other shows in the past.
109	Groney	2013-05-05	I give it a 7. Am I the only one who thought they were going to prematurely kill Ygritte? Glad they made their romance more palpable.
110	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2013-05-05	6 this time....very disappointed at Sansa being told about her marriage to Tyrion...didnt like Jojen all of sudden having seizures or the Osha/Meera bickering /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
I DID like the Olenna and Tywin scene.
I eventually come to terms with the changes from the book...lol...but if they are going to make stuff up it should at least be good stuff!!
111	sillent	2013-05-05	Did no one put 2 and 2 together to figure out that Edric was out and being replaced by Gendry. How the hell else would they get Gendry to Stannis and get that plot started.
Pretty sure Loras said fringe or fringed and not french, but god for bid we give the episode a 2/10 cause a minor character said fringe or french instead of myrish. The scene can be called weak for not taking the story anywhere, apart from showing once again that Sansa is clueless about him. 
Looking forward to reading Ran/Linda's analysis etc, but I feel like you guys are hating the episode a bit too much.
112	Ser Farbod	2013-05-05	I gave it a 7.
I thought the Theon scene was well acted, but honestly dont like the way it fits in this season.  It ruins the pacing of the episode and the overall mood.  I dont really care for it and I can see why GRRM kept it off page.
I LOVED the Thoros/Mel scene.  Thoros' story was amazing and it was my favorite scene in this episode.
Robb's scene was well done.  They are doing a great job of endearing the audience to the young wolf.
I again liked the acting between QoT and Tywin (two of the best actors in the series) however I didnt like the outcome.  An opportunity there to move the plot back towards the books.
Jon/Ygr is overdone.  Seems too sentimental for my taste.  Overall still not happy with how the North is being done.
All in all it was an average episode.  About the same as Ep 1 and 2 this season.
113	UnCleos	2013-05-05	Yes, that was totally out of character.  You would have done it how?It is a cheap way of building up Joffrey and his "evulz".  I never said it was completely out of character, it was just a petty move from the writers.  One of the best things about ASOAF is the size of the world.  Moves like this make the world seem much smaller, and that is a bad thing.I don't know how I would have done it, but perhaps I would try to be more faithful to the books that this series is based on.  And perhaps try to mimic the best and most faithful season (the first) without buying into my own hype and making "necessary" changes.  Then again, I'm not the genius who penned "X-Men Origins: Wolverine", so I can't possibly dare to judge the masters.
					
					
							Edited by UnCleos, 05 May 2013 - 11:49 PM.
114	Words of Winter	2013-05-06	I gave it a 4.  Worst scenes of the season.  Worst acting of the season.  Worst directing of the season. I could almost envision where the masking tape crosses on the the floor showing where Maisie was supposed to stand when protesting Gendry's capture.  The FX was unbelievable at the wall.  That is not a good thing.  I nearly shouted "Green Screen" and "Wow, that looks like the painting on my wall.  Maybe its middle earth."  The changes to the story line I'll tolerate, but again, they make Jon = wimp ignoramus, Ygritte = badass w/ people smart.  The opposite of the books.  I'm am now agreeing with PatrickStormborn on a lot of these forums.  They are assassinating the character of Loras and making him a caricature of a gay guy.  I'm not gay but this is pissing me off.  Way to go progressive HBO.  Can you be any more stereotypical?  We'll find out next week.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
Cons: - almost everything.
Pros - Robb storyline of all things.  Crazy.  I've been giving his story a consistent 7 this season, but that is the high point of this episode. Usually it is the low point.
Neutral - Sam
PS  What was the green dream?  and what about the fighting?  maybe they are setting up the Osha Rickon breakoff?
ETA:
My  ratings thus far:
EP1 = 8+
EP2 = 6
Ep3 = 9
Ep4 = 9+
Ep5 = 7
Ep6 = 4
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 06 May 2013 - 12:34 AM.
115	Words of Winter	2013-05-06	What did you think of the ending? Surprised nobody else reacted as strongly to it as I did. The way it zooms back out and shows both sides of the wall, with them in the middle (symbolically and all dat jazz) - my favourite ending in a while.I thought that was very cheesy and unbecoming of GoT.
116	The Stark of Winterfell	2013-05-06	It was ok. Hard to top the last 2 eps. Gave it an 8
My only real complaint is that I feel like the writers some time just add a scene for a character who hasn't appeared for a few episodes just to remind us they are still there. The opening scene with sam could have been cut and also the scene with bran. Their plots aren't progressing at all so i just don't see the point of the scene, however i did enjoy the bickering between osha and meera.
117	a7neu	2013-05-06	I gave it a 10 but if revoting would give it a 9--reading through the thread reminded me of my least favorite parts /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Might be my favorite this season...
I loved:
Jaime/Brienne and Bolton
Tyrion and Cersei
Tywin and QoT
I liked
Theon/Ramsay-- really well done scene, I think Ramsay does a GREAT job, but I agree with Ser Farbod--it doesn't fit with the pacing. Personally, though, I will sacrifice pacing for some creepy Ramsay (and giving Alfie Allen a job /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )
Robb/Edmure/Freys--I thought it was really well done!
Varys/Littlefinger/Ros--I liked Littlefinger's speech (a little cheesy but also cool), and Ros' death was unexpected, so that was cool. I think Littlefinger and Varys play their parts very well, so I like seeing them conniving even if it's more subtle in the books.
Loras and Sansa--cute.
Jon and Ygritte--I like this Ygritte and I like most of their dialogue.
Meera and Osha--eh, why not. It was well done, even if unneccessary. And they used real skinning techniques with real rabbits! Yay for realism!!
Nope nope nope:
Tyrion and Sansa--WHY??? It was sooo wonderfully horrible when Sansa gets that shock in the books, and Sophie Turner does "Sansa in distress" very well IMO. Why do that? Why why? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
The Wall Climb--I enjoyed this despite the fact that I don't think the ice was very realistic, and NO way in HELL could Jon Snow have held Ygritte after she fell that far. I don't even know what the directors were THINKING when they wrote in that silliness.
Melisandre and Gendry/Brotherhood/Arya--yeah, weird, I'd rather just forget about it. Arya's attempt to save Gendry was so pathetic.
					
					
							Edited by a7neu, 06 May 2013 - 12:30 AM.
118	A Son of Ice and Fire	2013-05-06	I gave a 6/10, the final scene was breathtaking, many had liked very much Tywin/Qot scene, even if it's a really good acting scene and the actors have my full respect of handling the characters, I found it totally unnecessary. What disturbs me is the unnecessary changes of the plot in the books. I am well aware that it's inevitable making changes in the adaptations, but he unnecessary ones are quite displeasing. There was no need to push Loras instead of Willas and please do not tell me about budget or etc. Willas was only mentioned in the books, none saw him, so there won't be a necessity to hire a new actor. What I believe is they just want to give more importance to the insignificant side-character Ser Loras. Maybe the (totally incapable and unconvincing)  actors' agents pushed for more time and it's not fine by me. Ramsey Snow is brought brilliantly, compliments to great acting. The LF/Varys scenes are always great, the one we saw in the first season was instrumental just as the one in the climb, they are more revealing than anything about the real "game". Not a Ros hater, though always found her presence somewhat unimportant and she won't be missed dearly by me, but there is no need to invent stupid things like the manner of her death to drive people to hate more the Lannister bastard king. He is already hate-deserving. It was good to see Sansa's tears, she is one of the characters that I cannot stand. (no disrespect for the actress playing her, she is pretty and capable.) The Mel and BwB scenes are confusing, cannot decide what to think, so I'll pass any comment...
					
					
							Edited by A Son of Ice and Fire, 06 May 2013 - 12:38 AM.
119	Words of Winter	2013-05-06	It was ok. Hard to top the last 2 eps. Gave it an 8My only real complaint is that I feel like the writers some time just add a scene for a character who hasn't appeared for a few episodes just to remind us they are still there. The opening scene with sam could have been cut and also the scene with bran. Their plots aren't progressing at all so i just don't see the point of the scene, however i did enjoy the bickering between osha and meera. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   Sam could have been put in the next scene episode or extended this one, presumably so he
	Spoiler can kill the Other/white walker
  They should have edited it out Loras/Sansa words and just cut to Cersei watching them below.  We didn't need to know what they were talking about.
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 06 May 2013 - 12:39 AM.
120	Jason Ironborn.	2013-05-06	Man, I can't believe a lot of people weren't into it.
I give it a 9. Not as good as the last 2 weeks, but this season has been amazing and I'm finding every storyline to be extremely compelling.
AND RAMSAY. holy balls.
121	Robin Of House Hill	2013-05-06	Gave it a 9.  Roose Bolton/Jaime, Tywin/QoT, Varys/LF and Tyrion/Cersei conversations were interesting to hear, especially, the Varys/LF.  Ros's demise was a surprise, but I have to admit, a welcome one.  It seems they really show what a turd, Joffrey is.  Roose bolton and his bastard are becoming very interesting characters.  Don't like Theon Greyjoy, so watching his descent into becoming Reek is appropriate, even if not quite by the book.
At least it didn't play like a soap opera, as some of the earlier episodes did.
122	MoAt	2013-05-06	Well at least we won't be hearing anymore complaints about Ros anymore. The Tyrion and Cersei scene was OK. The dinner scene with Jaimie and Bolton fell flat. Tywin and Ollenna could have been a good scene. The way he forced her to agree to the marriage seemed kind of lame.I feel like I watched a completely different episode than everyone else saw, one where the QoT did NOT agree to any wedding, and basically told Tywin to go fuck himself, and snapped his quill in two. That's the version I saw, and Tywin and the QoT ROCKED IT.My version also had one of the funniest scenes ever with Jamie trying to cut his meat one-handed, and Brienne finally getting fed up and helping him. OMG HILARIOUS. And could that dress be any uglier? Worst shade of pink ever.The Ice fall on the wall was amazing. I was wondering how they were going to do that.The Meera and Osha rabbit skinning lesson, with Jojen's vision of Jon.Sam and the dragon glass - showing us exactly where he keeps it.Anguy giving Arya an archery lesson.Thoros and Mel trying to out-vagina each other, with Thoros clearly having the strongest, and Mel showing some actual fear. That was awesome.Loved Thoros story of his HOLYFUCKINGSHIT moment of having a direct hand in a miracle via magic, and finding his "faith."Beric telling Mel, "There is no 'Other Side', only darkness.Arya protecting Gendry. Arya not taking shit from Mel. Mel seeing Arya the Assassin. "We will meet again." That's interesting.HFS Ramsey. Non book peeps must be pulling their hair out.The Frey's looking like part of the Monty Python and the Holy Grail inbred idiots who got lost, and ended up in Westeros. HAAAA.Edmure being a selfish idiot, and Bryden being a complete BADASS.I've never seen a show lit so spectacularly.Jamie, "Watching me fail at dinner." HAAAAA! NCW needs an EMMY!Olenna, "Sword swallower through and through."Loras and Sansa talking about weddings, and "fringe sleeves." Hello Liberace.Tyrion sussing out Joffrey tried to have him killed, and once again Cersei cannot give voice to her Bad Seed son.I think Tyrion telling Sansa will play more dramatically than the shock of the book in the long run.I love how the show is showing how Varys and Littlefinger are trying to pull all the strings.I'm sad for Ros, I wanted her to outlive everyone.Sansa realizing once again that fate has shit all over her. How she doesn't turn into a bitter, suicidal crazy woman is a miracle.The top of the Wall set was magnificent.Best lit show on TV, EVER.I don't understand all the hate and whining. Did you all want them to skip this part and have no setup for what's to come?
123	7V3N	2013-05-06	I gave it an 8. Nothing special, but still a very good episode. I was worried about Melisandre's trip, but I like how it ended up. We got a lot of the background with Thoros' character through her, and also got to see how they really are sort of bandits in the end. Also, since Edric Storm has not been mentioned, it takes sense to make Gendry the bastard to be burned. Davos saving Gendry will only make it seem greater to us readers. Not quite sure how they'll get Gendry back at that inn with Brienne, but that's not a big issue. I liked the scene with Roose and Jaime a lot. Each actor plays their characters so well. I can't wait for The Bear and the Maiden Fair. Also, the huge event of the night: Ros' death--music to my ears! It has finally ended!But all in all, just a very solid episode that allowed the great acting to be shown at each corner (except for Jon Snow, he just climbed). I really liked how they tied in the 'the climb' metaphor with the climbing of the Wall.
124	MoAt	2013-05-06	Arya the master archer - Just WTF???  Since when is Arya some super wunderkind with the bow and arrow??She's a crack shot in the pilot episode, so it's not like that's out of nowhere. The best thing is, Maisie is fully committing to Arya being left handed. She even shoots her bow left handed.
125	bluemoon	2013-05-06	Oh wow that was an hour i will never get back.
126	Nictarion	2013-05-06	I gave it a 9. I really liked this episode. I loved the Littlefinger voice over scene, very powerful. I liked that each characters scenes were longer than normal and not all jammed in or rushed in any way. I really liked the end scene with Jon and Ygritte on top of the wall, visually a very cool scene. Seeing Tywin go up against Olenna was interesting to see those two powerhouses go against each other.They have made Joffrey an even sicker fuck than the books did. But I really hated Ros, good riddance. I think a lot of the low ratings are due to how good the last couple episodes have been, but this was also a really good episode imo. Overall im very pleased with season 3 so far.
					
					
							Edited by Nictarion, 06 May 2013 - 06:22 AM.
127	MoAt	2013-05-06	Again... wtf is Rickon? Lol maybe I missed him.  You missed him and his two lines too! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
128	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Oh wow that was an hour i will never get back.Tell us how you really feel. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />I feel like I watched a completely different episode than everyone else saw, one where the QoT did NOT agree to any wedding, and basically told Tywin to go fuck himself, and snapped his quill in two. That's the version I saw, and Tywin and the QoT ROCKED IT.Nah, i saw the same thing. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
129	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	I changed my mind and want to give it a 7 now.Mostly because there were many throwaway scenes (what is the point of Bran and co. at this point?  We've only had one true plot development, and that was in episode 2 when Jojen revealed to Bran that he was a warg and a greenseer/had visions.  Everything else has been pointless and I'm getting truely frustrated by it.)I was excited about Gendry taking on the role of Edrick Storm but now I have no idea where they are going with it.  I'm not even a book puritist, but this is not how I saw it going down ...I did, however ... enjoy how much this episode makes me hate Littlefinger.I felt really bad for Sansa (and ohhhhhh how they made her look out at Littlefinger's ship, seeing that as her last chance for leaving King's Landing -- Sansa having NO idea that HE is the reason she's stuck there.)R.I.P. Ros.I would not wish that death on anyone.
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 06 May 2013 - 01:21 AM.
130	AGirlCanFight	2013-05-06	7/10First off the thoros/mel was... an interesting departure. I had no clue what the Red Woman was up to when she left Stannis last episode, and now it seems Gendry is in for a nice burning.Jon is going to have quite an easy time with just 3 wildlings south of the wall to worry about.Nothing to spectacular happened, though I love that they killed Ros (long overdue) and the Lord Paramount of the Trident is poised to become as serious a badass as he is in the books in the next season.I don't think Gendry wlll be burned, despite Mel's wishes.  I think it's obvious he's taking the part of Edric Storm in the books at this point.  My guess is she'll get him to Dragonstone, but Davos will be freed and he and/or Shireen will talk Stannis out of it.  Of course, that could just be me really not willing to see Gendry die, books or series.I actually thought this was a great set-up episode.  I wasn't expecting any action at all, just a calm before the storm type of deal, and that's what was presented.Ramsay's scenes were riveting.  They actually had me getting angry and nervous that they were turning him into a Karstark!.. until he matter-of-factly called himself a liar...phew!  Great actor.  Thought he looked sweet at first, but now he creeps the hell out of me.Bran's scene was a bit flat, but I suppose Bran's now knowing that Jon is not at the Wall somehow gives the group a reason to break up if need be?  I dunno.   I would really really like to see some prophesies/history coming from that storyline, but it's kind of disappointing me a bit.I'm glad they are showing Jon's attachment to Ygritte growing.  It'll really show his struggles in the near future.Arya is awesome, though I seriously SERIOUSLY wish that they had showed her practicing at swordplay rather than...archery??  I knew the Mel thing was coming, but I didn't think it would happen in front of Arya.  Also had a feeling they would replace the witch's prophecy for her with Mel's, so I'm glad it was there (though I thought it a bit weak).  For the record, I saw this in someone else's post, but I don't think Mel recognized her as Arya Stark at all (How could she?).  The brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes, thing is prob the foretelling of her trying on new faces and taking lives.  I really wish it was much darker and creepier a prophesy like in the books though.Robb's scene.  I just laughed at Edmure. lol,Tywin+Olenna was gold.  I love it when Tywin has a match for wit...reminds me of Arya at Harrenhall. lol.  All i kept thinking is that they would make a hilarious old fighting married couple.I am glad to see Ros out of the picture, though Littlefinger is such a devious creeper!  I can't wait to see a certain interaction with Lysa.As for Cersei and Tyrion, it was a bit blah. I just want to hit Cersei through the screen/book/whatever whenever she's even mentioned, so no unbiased thoughts on that.  I do wish we had seen Sansa's reaction first-hand though.Also, glad to see Roose's colors start to peek through.  I was getting worried they were going to paint him a better man than he is. Gwendoline and Nikolaj are killing it!  Perfect casting for them.Sam's scene was sweet.  The foreshadowing with the dragonglass was a tad awkward, but perfectly acceptable, considering Sam is a bit awkward.I'd give it a solid 7.  Not phenomenal, but that wasn't expected, yet certainly not boring or bad (in my book anyway).
131	Bastard Walder	2013-05-06	Edmure being a selfish idiot, and Bryden being a complete BADASS.There's nothing selfish about not wanting to marry an ugly woman because your nephew decided he didn't want to marry an ugly woman.
132	Targaryen Tempest	2013-05-06	Arya the master archer - Just WTF???  Since when is Arya some super wunderkind with the bow and arrow??Hehe, have you ever tried archery? From that distance aiming at a nonmoving target, a little practice and you could make those shots easily. She had been seen earlier practicing at Winterfell. As Thoros said, the moving targets are the trouble.
133	Sun	2013-05-06	Gave it a 7. Better than the first episode of the season, about level with the 2nd.Hated:The climb speech; Sophomoric, facile, and limp.That horrid schlock ending.Everything north of the wall. I can hardly recognize it as ASOIAF anymore, it feels more like Suzanne Collins than GRRM.Liked:Jaime/Brienne scene.Tyrion/Cersie interchange.Seizures as a side effect of the green dreams.The skinning of the rabbits reflected in the skinning of Theon's finger.Ros' end.Thoros/Mel interchange.Comic relief:Loras.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 01:26 AM.
134	MoAt	2013-05-06	Ser Loras and Sansa. This scene was pointless. And what's with him describing an ideal wedding dress with "French Sleeves"? There is no fucking FRANCE in this universe, it's really sloppy writing.He said "Fringe sleeves", not French. There is no such thing as a French Sleeve anyway, so of course it wouldn't make sense which is why they never would have written that, or anyone would have said it. French cuffs exist, not French sleeves.
135	amilas	2013-05-06	I know I'm in the minority, but this is my favorite of the season. Yes, they have been making some pretty major changes, but I feel like those changes came together in this episode to make it seem more like the books. Some of the characters have been changed beyond reprieve, but they're making those changes flow with the general feeling the books show have, imho.
136	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I liked it a lot. 9.
I thought the Mel scenes were awful though.
137	Sawney Bean	2013-05-06	Gave it a 6.Maybe the worst episode of the series for me.  "Night Lands" is the only contender which comes close.  There wasn't one stand out scene, and Benioff and Weiss really showed how weak they are as writers this episode.  I'm sure George will come out next week and show them how it is done.  They will be the death of the series.  Two privileged morons who have nothing noteworthy to their name.  Tragic they are in charge of this adaptation.The death of Ros was ridiculous IMO.  Joffrey being the one to do it?  Come on.I think that Joffrey believes he is getting some sort of revenge by killing his uncle's prostitute/concubine; assuming that Ros filled Shae's role in Tyrion's life as Cersei did. Though I could be reading too far into things. I thought the whole "Podrick the Pussy Slayer" thing was a ruse concocted by Tyrion to give Pod some confidence as a way of thanking him for saving his life in Blackwater. The revelation that it was only a joke  in the Varys/Ros scene in Episode 4 nearly ruined my enjoyment of Episode 4. In regards to D&D being "two privileged morons who have nothing noteworthy to their name", Benioff wrote a Spike Lee movie, based on a book that Benioff himself wrote. I'm just assuming that you don't have anything similar on your resume. They may stumble at points in their adaptation, but at least we're getting one. One with GRRM's blessing and input, no less.
138	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	9. I have always enjoyed variations from the book, even more when they piss the "the show should have stuck closer to the books" fans off. Therefore, it would have been an 8, but an episode with loads of them variations deserves one point more.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 06 May 2013 - 02:03 AM.
139	Eira Seren	2013-05-06	Really enjoyed Tywin and the QOT: 'Oh, he's a sword swallower through and through. . . . but brother and sister. . . "  heh.
I won't miss Ros.  I guess they thought we might forget how awful Joffrey is and wanted to prepare us, just in case our sympathies strayed too far to the 'like' side before the purple wedding.  not every scene had the kind of intensity that many had last week but still, enjoyed the wall scenes.  the theon torture i just can't watch, so have to admit those scenes are effective.
140	Sun	2013-05-06	I feel like I watched a completely different episode than everyone else saw, one where the QoT did NOT agree to any wedding, and basically told Tywin to go fuck himself, and snapped his quill in two. That's the version I saw, and Tywin and the QoT ROCKED IT.She did agree to the wedding. Tywin gave her a choice, either agree to the wedding, or he'll write the order inducting Loras into the King's Guard. She snapped the quill saying "it's a rare enough thing, a man who lives up to his reputation", meaning she agrees to the wedding because Tywin has left her no choice, thereby living up to his reputation of being a man who always gets his way.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 02:08 AM.
141	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	I gave it a 6.  It was enjoyable enough, but I'm tough when it comes to ratings.  It was the worst of a good season so far.  I also agree with the thought that David and Dan are not good writers.  In a perfect world, Cogman and Martin would do half each, but theoretically GRRM shouldn't have the time.
The pacing was good.  I really liked Tywin and Roose.  Most of the rest of it was meh.
142	Moseh Khayim	2013-05-06	7.
After 2 very good episodes, we apparently take a step back. 
Highlights were Littlefinger vs. Varys and the Ladder-speech, Roose!, the first bit of flaying and the encounter between Mel and the Brotherhood without Banners. Liked Mel's interaction with both Thoros and Arya. And apparently, this scene served for more reasons than just the need of Gendry's king's blood.
Did think a lot of  scenes lacked impact and were just kind of filler (f.e. Sam,Jojen). Didn't think the ending was very GoT-like. Maybe they should've ended with the Joffrey/Ros scene. 
Have a feeling next week will restart the epicness.
143	pleonasm	2013-05-06	...I don't understand all the hate and whining. Did you all want them to skip this part and have no setup for what's to come?With only 10 episodes and limited screen time, I'd like them to stop repeating themselves incessantly (the Theon torture porn scenes)I'd like the characters who know how to play the game, actually play it, rather that make big speeches to their enemies (Littlefinger, Vary's). Yes, it takes some creativity to write scenes where the characters demonstrate what great game players and that reveal subtly their motivations. Or we could be lazy and just have the characters tell us.I'd like some scenes to actually have some subtly and well crafted writing in them, instead of some hammy dialogue and tired gay jokes (Loras/Sansa, Queen of Thornes/Tywin)If your going to invent some new scenes/story-lines as least make an effort to make them logical. How did Mel find Gendry? Did the Lord of Light provide her with a Google Map of Westeros? Maybe try and actually come up with something interesting for Bran & Company to do until they reach the wall (I did like the side effect of seizures for Jojen, that was a nice add)?This was a brutal episode. A solid 2 for me.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 06 May 2013 - 02:25 AM.
144	Moi Aussi	2013-05-06	It was the worst of the season...which is disappointing because the last few episodes have been great.  I know that from the very beginning, the show has made little changes to the book material...a new scene here or there, but mostly, it seemed, to simplify and quickly explain material in a concise manner or to add a bit of humor.  Generally, I have had no problem with these changes.  Some I even liked.
With this episode, for the first time it really seemed to me they were starting to diverge from the books in a more significant way.  If that is the case, I think it is a bad development.  Especially since this episode just was not as good as the others this season.  I really hope this is not the start of a trend.
145	Queen of Whores	2013-05-06	I would have given it an 8, but I was feeling generous, so I stretched it to a 9. It's definitely the calm before the storm, and I love those episodes. People complaining about not much happening will soon forget those comments in the coming episodes.
146	Typhaon	2013-05-06	I gave it a 9.  
I couldn't find too much to gripe about and I even liked that after a lot of doom and gloom, they gave us a happy final scene, for once...  
Really liked the Beric/Thoros/Melisandre interaction... thought the sale of Gendry was a bit... off...  I know they explained their need for gold in a few episodes, but it appeared they also really needed a skilled blacksmith -- and I'd imagine Thoros, at least, would have some idea of the fate that might await Gendry.
147	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	I gave it an 8. Solid episode, although the writing was a step down from last week.
Best parts:
-The climbing of the wall was really well done, and absolutely gorgeous to watch. I even liked the sappy ending for once.
-FUCK YEAH WE GOT MOTHERFUCKING FLAYING OAFKJSHBJFSKFNDSKJGDKGNFDKJGN. Can't BELIEVE they actually showed that!
-Iwan Rheon is just killing it as Ramsay. And I loved the call back to season 2 with him blowing the horn
-The montage set to LF's chaos monologue was well done, and I'm glad Ros didn't have a long drawn out death scene
-
	Spoiler If Mel does revive Jon in TWOW, that was a great bit of foreshadowing.

-Good to see we still have Chekhov's dragonglass.
-"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?"
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 06 May 2013 - 03:10 AM.
148	Queen of Whores	2013-05-06	I'm actually reconsidering my rating and giving it a 7. This happens with every episode. I love it while watching and don't want them to end, but after I can't stop thinking of everything I didn't like. Argh, I didn't even feel like this with season 2. They actually had more scenes from the books than made up. There were maybe, what, four scenes vaguely similar to the book? Jon climbing the Wall, Sam singing to Gilly, Robb and the new marriage, and Jaime and Roose. It's just gone too far from the books, I hate to say. I had high-ish hopes for season 3. The annoying thing is I'll keep watching with the hope it'll get better.
149	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	7.5 - 8. Probably the weakest this season for me, though there was still plenty to enjoy
Thought the direction was beautiful, and I'm also glad there spending more time developing Ygritte/Jon's relationship
In terms of set pieces the Wall climb really takes the cake this season for me. The show has really come along way in terms of action. Compare the pathetic tourney in Season 1 to this!
Loved the Roose scene.
Flaying!
The Ros reveal was deliciously dark.
Loras/Sansa scene was lacking, though slightly amusing
I like the Osha/Meera fight, gives them something to do, as well as setting up a possible reason for Osha to leave. (never rellay understood that part in the books)
150	Sensuki Dorjan	2013-05-06	2/10 Fucking awful.
90% of the episode spent on non-book material, tying up loose ends from changes they made to the story. 100% Agree with Ran.
151	Loras	2013-05-06	Overall I rated this episode as an 8.
I think that the biggest problem that I had with the episode was the scene ordering.  I don't think that I will ever understand why the episode started with a Sam scene (that really didn't go anywhere other than to show off the Dragonglass) followed by a Bran scene that didn't achieve that much either.  By starting with those two incredibly slow scenes, the episode lost an awful lot of momentum right from the get go.
The rest of the episode was good.  I loved the Jon sequences and felt that his story has now had some much needed development.  I also loved the Varys/Littlefinger scene leading into the montage.
The only scene that I thought was dreadful was the Sansa/Loras scene.  Though the direction, with their reflections in the pond, made up for the atrocious dialogue.
152	Kienn	2013-05-06	Gave it a 7, everything was pretty decent, nothing was terrible but nothing was great so default score of 6. +1 is from Ros finally being gone.
Littlefingers speech much more than least season's obligatory -it's called the game of thrones remember there's a "game"???- speech where Tyrion says "I'd like to keep playing it, duururrrrrr". I may be misremembering the duururrrrr, but I think he did actually say it...
It did also have a lot of lead-in info packed in so I have some good hopes for the last episodes this season.
					
					
							Edited by Kienn, 06 May 2013 - 03:45 AM.
153	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-06	I gave it a 7 because of:1.  the Wall-climbing scenes; really well done.2.  Tywin and Olenna's power luncheon3.  Sansa and Loras' scene; I liked it; their awkwardness and the genuine attempts to overcome that awkwardness; Loras actually seemed to like Sansa as a person; and the poor girl was just so happy about the prospect of leaving King's Landing and marrying him...4.  Sam & Gilly.5.  Ros is dead.  I'd have been just as happy to have her gone to Pentos to open up her own brothel, but at least she's not distracting from more interesting characters anymore.  Can't wait for Joffrey to get his just desserts on TV!6.  The Tyrion/Cersei scene.7.  Jaime and Brienne's Dinner with Roose8.  That shot of Sansa sobbing while watching Littlefinger's ship sail away; still a prisoner, with no hope of escape now, and to be married to a Lannister.I was utterly bored by the Littlefinger/Varys conversation and couldn't really figure out all of Littlefinger's cryptic remarks...and didn't care.Not thrilled about Gendry subbing for Edric Storm as Mel's designated King's Blood sacrifice to Rhlorr.  I never was crazy about the Brotherhood in the books, but they didn't betray their own.
154	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-06	Gave it a 7. Some solid dialogue, got quite a few laughs, and the first scene with Sam and Gilly was intense, I was just expecting to see an Other jump out at the screen at any moment. Sometimes the show needs to slow down, you know, remember how slow the books sometimes are? That said, it lacked some action.
The wall is 700 feet high... yeah, when GRRM himself has said he probably made it too high, perhaps the show should make it a little bit lower too.
The Blackfish is too much of an aggressive brute imo. Seriously he's like a thug or a bouncer, like the big guy guarding a mafia boss, not a lord in service.
Edmure on the other hand is great, and I'm glad Robb admits it's not fair, because it wasn't.
Oh and I wanted a longer dinner scene... Go Roose!
The Freys looked sufficiently dumb and stupid.
Tyrion / Sansa / Shae and Loras / Sansa were funnily awkward.
Charles Dance is still killing it. Good to see Tywin owning that **** (I mean the character!).
It's weird that LF is just sitting next to the throne, staring at it, and being so transparent. Seriously if he really did that he'd be dead.
And to people who are happy for what happened to Ros: bah. Just bah.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 06 May 2013 - 04:12 AM.
155	Mr Smith	2013-05-06	I dunno why everyone's so down on this one. I'm quite happily giving it an 8. No really huge moments, but a lot of good small moments between characters.
I loved the Thoros monologue. Thought it finally shed a bit of light on a character who up till now has been a bit of an anomaly.
Quite enjoyed the climb itself, although some of the CGI could have been better.
Ramsay's game playing was excellent, and I'm glad he hasn't revealed himself yet.
And Tywin and Olenna were outstanding, every scene of theirs so far has been the best in each episode.
Littlefinger's speech was great, probably his only good scene so far this season.
There wasn't much I really disliked about the episode, but there were a few disappointments. I really wish we'd spent more time with Jaime and Roose, that scene felt terribly underdone. The Bran stuff was also highly underwhelming, though i suppose they have to stretch that storyline out to breaking point.
156	Holdfast	2013-05-06	7/10.  Would probably have scored it higher, except that the last two episodes have been so good.
For the first time, departures from the books have really bothered me.  Especially don't like that Sansa knows of her impending marriage so far ahead of time. 
This episode has wasted Bran story development time and has re-inforced to me that this season has not handled his story well.
And there goes my theory that Ros would be the Dontos replacement in Sansa's story.
157	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-05-06	I gave it a 4. I honestly feel that was generous.
So much filler. My god. Almost every scene was just played out for seemingly no reason. That's to say nothing bad about the acting (Iwan Rheon is good. Damn he is good. I just wish he could play a more likable character), just that so much of it served little purpose.
Secondly, the changes from the book in this episode were truly truly awful. Gendry storyline? Pass. Utterly ludicrous. This marriage notion? Likewise. Can't remember exactly, but have Willas and Garlan now been retconned? Just so silly. Continued white-washing of Tyrion and Cersei? Just really really annoying. Is Jojen being an epileptic in the books? 
Even Varys and LF are getting boring. LF is my favourite favourite character, and it's just so annoying to see him (not Varys, Varys never reveals anything to him) just throw stuff out there for Varys to hear. Yes he's more likely to be frank with Varys, a man with whom he shares both respect and disgust for and knows is playing much the same game at him, but ffs, LF has literally spent years carefully honing a public persona. Aidan Gillen deserves better.
Jaime, Roose and Brienne were good. As was the aforementioned acting of Rheon. Nothing else did it for me at all.
158	The Killer Snark	2013-05-06	I'm giving it a 9. Last week's was better, but marginally. I think people are getting put off here by two factors, that the pace was very leisurely and the episode served mainly to set up future plot points: and that a fair amount of liberties were made with the source material or new material added, in part because of prior cuts or unneccesary alterations, I admit. Yet aside from the somewhat crass giving over of Gendry, most of these scenes worked. The pace was just a little too leisurely towards the end, and the death of Roz won't go down well with Petyr baelish apologists, and suggests the producers realise her character was superfluous in the first place, since she isn't in the books. I've reversed my opinion on the actor playing Ramsay, though I still wish they'd went with someone a bit bulkier and more physically weird.
I don't think the lack of real events are a big problem here, considering how readers had to adapt to Catelyn being sidelined at Riverun for around 900 pages while her father refused to kick the bucket, so I'm glad at lease they've cut back on that here.
Rose Leslie as Ygritte is proving an increasing treat, and I'll be sad when she leaves the series. One point which is probably improved over the books is the fact that Osha is still in it, who I believe Martin sent off to Skagos because he couldn't think of how to use her. I'm developing an attraction for the actress playing Meera Reed.
Next week's episode will no doubt be better, but I think the panning many are giving this one wouldn't happen if they hadn't already read the books, and were oblivious to the changes that have been made. Only the pointless fate of Gendry had me silently groaning to myself. However, at the moment I'm struggling to take an interest in the direly scripted, badly characterised and snail-paced last season of Spartacus, so I might be inclined to be slightly generous in this case.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 06 May 2013 - 12:14 PM.
159	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	I gave an 8, I liked it for the most part but I do wish Sam's scene included some slaying. I also wish Bran's story was done better, come on fighting over skinning rabbits... Hey at least Hodor spoke!!!
I liked the scene with Theon & "Boy" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> yeah baby blow that horn. The torture was a bit much for me though. Tyrion telling Sansa about their marriage was completely unnecessary. 
I loved how beautifully creepy Melisandre looked while staring at Arya. I enjoyed the Edmure/Frey engagement scene as well. And lastly, it was nice having a break from Daenerys.
160	KoishNoish	2013-05-06	To be honest though this is just a set-up episode preparing us for the last few episodes of the season. It's putting all the little plot pieces into place so we know how we got from A to B.
161	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-05-06	Good episode all-around. I loved the music score. Grandiose closing shot, with Job and Ygritte on top of the wall, looking south - easily the best of the season so far. Awesome melancholy-mood ending to a melancholy episode.Normally I'd find an episode with no action at all boring. Especially coming on the heels of another action-less episode. But this episode was so charged with emotion, in every scene, that I think it deserves a 9. It's just great to see how the directors in this season are giving each episode a distinct feel - in this aspect, providing of great "arches of emotion" they are definitely surpassing the novels by giving a coherence to the story that GRRM's books never had. I love the novels dearly, but you have to admit that the novels' chapters don't tie nearly as well into one another as the story segments do in this season's episodes. Marvelous television!A few minor plot twists however were jarring to me:Loras being made out to be Margaery's only brother. What the hell! That makes no sense. He's not acting like an only son, at all. His character is conceived as the typical reckless younger son, not the guy to whom Mace Tyrell looks as his heir.Tywin threatening to "summon" Loras Tyrell to the Kingsguard. A real WTH x 2 moment, to me. You don't ORDER people to join the KG. How is that even supposed to work out!! Do you really want to have a bodyguard who loathes his job?? What were they thinking! Very weak plot twist.Gendry being taken by Melisandre: I don't object to the slight smirching of the BWB's purity of motives, compared to the books, since it's just realistic that even the most kind-hearted guerilla movements have to make compromises and dirty their hands in order to keep their fight going. And I loved seeing Mel and Thoros talk to each other - ever since reading ASOS actually where they never got to do that. BUT. In the context of the story, it's a bit silly that Stannis' riders can traverse through the Riverlands with a Stanis flag and a red cloaked priestess in tow. Also, I don't see at all where this story arc is going. And if they are going to have Gendry sacrificed at Dragonstone then I am so going to hate D&D for it.All in all though it was a really enjoyable episode. 9 out of 10.
162	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-05-06	After some thinking, I realized what the Bran scene was for.
Watch it again and look at what Meera and Osha are doing at the start of the scene.
Then, skip forward and look at what Iwan Rheon is doing to Theon's finger.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
163	ArabellaVidal	2013-05-06	I hated it. I'm still fuming. No one seemed to be in character. Changes are all well and good but Mel in the Riverlands was dumb. The Osha and Meera storyline boring, overall I think Bran and Sansa have suffered the most this season in terms of complexity and structure. And what is with all the Tyrion whitewashing? I love him gray, thank-you-very-much! The Wall-climbing was the best part. I also loved the interaction between Cersei and Tyrion because it actually made sense. But Tyrion telling Sansa beforehand ruins the impact of the next part of the Tyrion-Sansa plot. I'd rate it 5/10 and that's for Dinklage, Heady, Dance and the Jon Snow plot. The Jaime and Robb scenes were also better but too short. I even liked the short but awkward conversation between Loras and Sansa. But I nearly cried at the Mel and marriage reveal scenes. I have the feeling that D&D secretly blame the entire war on Sansa and Catelyn and go to great lengths to punish their characterization.
164	Alboin	2013-05-06	I don't have so much issues with this episode as many people does. I liked the pace, the rythm of it and that feeling of inevitability of evil's victory for the most and high value of little pieces of happiness for some (Jon and Sam)
Particulary I liked whole Jon Snow/Ygritte part. Her revelation didn't bother me a bit. Yes, it was big deviation from the novel, but we cannot be inside Jon's head on screen. They had to show his inner ambivalence, that he's growing fond of these people, Tormund, falling in love with one them and still keepng his oath to the NW. Ygritte, who is clever, figured it out. Fine by me, women know everything about their men.
- Liked Riverran scene
- liked Jaime/Brienne/Roose stuff.
- Ramsay/Theon scene was slowed way too much, but as itself it was very creepy, actually gave me the sense of how Theon was brokedown as we find him later in the books.
- Littlefinger truimph over Spider was fun to watch. They are open rivals in the show, when one beats another it is explainable showrunners want to show us how he celebrates his victory.
- Disliked QoT/Tywin very very much. It felt like it was taken from some daytime soap opera. Meaningless exchange of stupid insults when tons of inner action and character details are thrown out.
- Disliked how Gendry was taken. It almost looked they sold him into slavery, that's not BwB at all, although I kinda enjoyed Thoros' confession
- Disliked they didn't show how Tyrin told Sansa. If (!!!) you already choose to include that, which I doubt they should, make it juicy and painfull to watch, not just cut to weeping Sansa, that's some sort of lazy way out for writers and director.
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 06 May 2013 - 05:14 AM.
165	victim	2013-05-06	9. Great episode. I enjoyed it thoroughly. I think a lot of people misliked it because it was full of made up scenes, yet they all seemed quite relevant to the story and universe of the show. Expect a lot of episodes like this, especially when they get up to the AFFC/ADWD seasons. This episode reminds me of how the show can be it's own entity and still be enjoyable without relying on the books. Game of Thrones can still surprise me despite me knowing what happens. If all people want is a visual representation of the books, then that's fair enough, but it's not what I want.
166	Sir Mark of the East	2013-05-06	I gave it a 9. It is a set up and nothing really spectacular but I still enjoyed it so that is all that matters. Har!
167	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-05-06	Well the butterfly effect  will make it to hard for them to make future seasons.Definitely no fake Arya at the wall then.
Ros dying gets 1 more point from me.She did some work but  she should have been dead many episodes back.
Theon torture i dont think they can show more than that.
168	Quotheraving	2013-05-06	Well this is the first time an episode has brought me to the forums (bank holiday - time to geek out) with a comment so go easy on me, but I thought it was the best so far.. Not much happening plot wise, but the whole team has to be given credit for an excellent job in riffing on the themes and characters GRRM provided.
Clearly many of you novel purists will think this was a (relatively) sub-par episode due to how much it differed from the books. However I thought it was truly spectacular.
The sheer amount of subtlety in every scene and the way it respected the characters and plot, while admittedly straying from the purely canon interpretation of the source material, frankly dropped my jaw.
For instance, I have watched the Brienne, Roose and Jamie scene at least 4 times now and found new delight with each viewing. minor things such as the way NCW wavers his knife like a balance scale when discussing finances, and then stills the motion when talking about the consequences of displeasing his father, or GC's reaction to his immediate refusal to accept her staying as he is released. Now that is some serious top quality acting (and scripting ofc)!
Every scene simply drips care and attention and manages to pull off some pretty major script changes while staying true to the spirit of the source material. The fact that this is averaging 8/10 while doing so, tells me that despite this GOT has writers and actors that are more than capable of elaborating on the source material, plus Alik Sakharov has to be given credit for some superb orchestration... I give this a solid 10/10
					
					
							Edited by Quotheraving, 06 May 2013 - 05:30 AM.
169	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Well the butterfly effect  will make it to hard for them to make future seasons.Definitely no fake Arya at the wall then.Ros dying gets 1 more point from me.She did some work but  she should have been dead many episodes back.Theon torture i dont think they can show more than that.I dont think the butterfly effect will be too much of an issue, considering there going to have to make massive cuts/changes for the FfC/DwD material anyway.
170	NickyM	2013-05-06	6 and it only got that because of Jaime and Brienne, and the sale of Gendry.
171	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-05-06	Absolutely loved the discomfort on Tywin's face when QoT asked him if he'd ever slept with a man. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
172	Volantis	2013-05-06	Meh. Good thing they got rid of roz or whatever her name was
173	Aripyanfar	2013-05-06	cnote: Loras said "fringed sleeve", not "French sleeve".
DolorousKim: "Arya the master archer" came from episode one, season one.  She was a tomboy, and her first, best, "boyskill" was the bow and arrows, as she left her sucky embroidery and went and outshot Bran who kept missing the whole target.  Only later did Ned get Arya sword lessons as Kinglanding closed in.  In Britain for centuries Archery was the one martial art consistently taught to Ladies, for hunting, and for defending castle walls as last resort troops.   Archers were fantastically effective in wartime, but the bow was more "Common" than a sword.  A lord who was better with a Bow, and used it in battle, rather than a sword, was often looked down on.
174	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	Gave it a 7, about the same as ep301 and kinda average.
Best bits were the Tyrion-Cersei chat, as well as Littlefinger's 'chaos' monologue over the music with shots showing the fates of various characters.
175	Tywin's Honour	2013-05-06	7/10. Just meh. Obviously a step ladder for further episodes. Mel's prophecy was perhaps the most intriguing. Do D&D know something we don't by having Mel telling Arya that they would meet again? Curious that.
176	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I'm curious, why do people dislike the Wall climb? I thought it was fairly spectacular, impressive CGI and direction.
177	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Obviously a step ladder for further episodes.Pun intended?
178	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	Fell down in a few places. But even in the moments that most grossly departed from the detail, or the style, of the books I didn't have that "Oh no you didn't!" reaction as in past deviations. Though maybe I'm becoming numb, or resigned, to these departures. So it was an all right episode by me. But definitely bit of a back-step from 4 and 5.
I do wonder if D&D aren't some of the weaker writers of this series. Cogman seems to be the ace of the not GRRM writers.
Ros dying was fine, but I wouldn't wish death by Joffery on anyone.
179	BlackTalon	2013-05-06	7/10.
Really a 6/10 but bumped it up one because of dead Roz. Melisandre in the Riverlands ... they just sell Gendry to her? Wtf ... highly unbelivable. I didn't like the ice climbing scene either. Terribly fake looking ice and of course they had to include the indispensable dramatic scene with the ice sheet breaking off ... seriously if you have seen one such scene you have seen all of them. So predictable it gets boring you realize what is going on.
180	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	I really enjoyed this episode. I enjoyed the setting up and character development. I know some will be disappointed by changes to the story.
But I loved all of the stuff involving the wall and furthering Jon & Ygritte. Let's face it, Jon & Ygritte (maybe aside from Drogo & Dany) is one of the rare love stories in this show, so I am enjoying it. The last scene was beautiful. I like Theon's part of the show as well.
The only things I really didn't like is how they are making Loras seem and the whole Joffrey/Ros thing.
181	Hound Dog	2013-05-06	Well the butterfly effect  will make it to hard for them to make future seasons.Definitely no fake Arya at the wall then.Well, Mel in the books was wrong about Arya, so maybe this is just her being wrong in the show as well... I bloody well hope so. Ugh. I just want to forget all about this episode for so many reasons.
182	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I didn't like the ice climbing scene either. Terribly fake looking ice and of course they had to include the indispensable dramatic scene with the ice sheet breaking off ... seriously if you have seen one such scene you have seen all of them. So predictable it gets boring you realize what is going on.How did it look fake? It looked pretty much like ice does, except for dirtier, which is appropriate.Also what were they supposed to do instead? Have them climb the Wall with no hitches at all for an episode?
183	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	A few minor plot twists however were jarring to me:Loras being made out to be Margaery's only brother. What the hell! That makes no sense. He's not acting like an only son, at all. His character is conceived as the typical reckless younger son, not the guy to whom Mace Tyrell looks as his heir.Tywin threatening to "summon" Loras Tyrell to the Kingsguard. A real WTH x 2 moment, to me. You don't ORDER people to join the KG. How is that even supposed to work out!! Do you really want to have a bodyguard who loathes his job?? What were they thinking! Very weak plot twist.Gendry being taken by Melisandre: I don't object to the slight smirching of the BWB's purity of motives, compared to the books, since it's just realistic that even the most kind-hearted guerilla movements have to make compromises and dirty their hands in order to keep their fight going. And I loved seeing Mel and Thoros talk to each other - ever since reading ASOS actually where they never got to do that. BUT. In the context of the story, it's a bit silly that Stannis' riders can traverse through the Riverlands with a Stanis flag and a red cloaked priestess in tow. Also, I don't see at all where this story arc is going. And if they are going to have Gendry sacrificed at Dragonstone then I am so going to hate D&D for it.For the first two points I'd just answer with: Jaime Lannister.Loras is pretty much a younger Jaime. Both are extremely talented warriors, they are handsome and they are rich. Both join the King's Guard for love (Jaime for Aerys, Loras for Renly). Why is it so impossible for Loras to do that as the only heir when Jaime already has done it in the books? And no, Tyrion does not count as a secondary heir.When it comes to having a KG loathing his job, what do you call having Jaime Lannister being a guard for king Robert? Not only did Robert actively make him loathe it, Jaime had killed the previous king.As for the purity of the motives for the BWB, I don't think that's changed. The real reason was pretty obviously conveyed to me, which is that the Lord of Light needed Gendry and that goes above all. That they could get some gold out of it is just a bonus and it's perfectly in line with their normal behavior, which we see with Arya.Really a 6/10 but bumped it up one because of dead Roz. Melisandre in the Riverlands ... they just sell Gendry to her? Wtf ... highly unbelivable. I didn't like the ice climbing scene either. Terribly fake looking ice and of course they had to include the indispensable dramatic scene with the ice sheet breaking off ... seriously if you have seen one such scene you have seen all of them. So predictable it gets boring you realize what is going on.Why is selling Gendry highly unbelievable? The show made it very clear that the will of R'hllor was the most important for both parties and we already know that they get gold when they can (selling Arya back to Robb and taking Sandor's money). I don't see how that complaint makes any sense.
184	flinn	2013-05-06	I can only hope the Theon stuff disappears now. We have the point, he is being tortured... Let him pop back up in season 5 as Reek.
Too much time spent on him when he is irrelevant at this point.
185	BlackTalon	2013-05-06	Why is selling Gendry highly unbelievable? The show made it very clear that the will of R'hllor was the most important for both parties and we already know that they get gold when they can (selling Arya back to Robb and taking Sandor's money). I don't see how that complaint makes any sense.Gendry was never their hostage like Arya. He had volunteered to become one of them and was a member of the brotherhood. Was Beric did is exactly like selling gendry into slavery and slavery is absolutley despised in Westeros. It would have been much more credible if Melisandre had talked to the BwB leaders and they had ordered to just go with her and do as he is told.No way an honorable lord like Beric would turn into a slaver.
186	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	I gave it a 7, it was the probably the worst episode this season. I hated Mel scenes. Valar Morghulis? This is a FM saying, not a Red Priest saying. Red Priests do not worship death. The worst thing about this episode, however, is that it made me hate The Brotherhood. The book Brotherhood would never sell one of their members. They were selling hostages, sure, but Gendry was their member, not a hostage. Book Beric is probably the most noble character in the books, in the show he looks just greedy. I liked the rest but these scenes really destroyed it for me. Now that I think about it, I should've given it a 6. It's a shame because KL scenes were amazing as always and the ending was really well done.
187	BlackTalon	2013-05-06	Also what were they supposed to do instead? Have them climb the Wall with no hitches at all for an episode?I would have vastly preferred that to the pseudodrama in this episode. Show them tackling the wall at the beginning of the episode, then at the end show them crawling over the top edge with their last strength and Ygritte crying about how she was able to feel the wall trying to shake her off, just like in the book.
188	Lord of Cheese	2013-05-06	Only gave it a 7. Not too impressed but not too upset. Im trying to accept that there will be changes to the book. Im not a purist of the books, i just think that the books tell a better story, and that the tv writers have missed the mark ove rand over again.
So we have "Sam the Singer"!! Forget Sam the Slayer.
I dont like the banter between LF and Varys, but i see the point in it. Non bookies need to know what is going on and this would seem the best way to concisely develop the 'game of thrones' positions/motivations of these two characters.
Stupid scene with Osha and Meera. All that just to tell us that Jojen has visions and makes him sick. And tension/competition between them? oh please. It is so unnecessary.
Bye bye Ros. Sad that it had to be at the hands of that little shit. As a human being it saddened me to see her dead and in that way, even though i really disliked her character. I was a little bit shocked.
I expected more from Arya+Mel scene. It was just ... flat.
It was just an ok episode.
189	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	I gave it a 6 because too many things bothered me, but I'm just going to skip them altogether and mention the good ones: - Jon Snow: I'm a massive Jon's fan who has been not very pleased with his depiction so far, but as cheesy as his interaction with Ygritte was, I think it worked and it finally did the character justice. We saw his respect for Tormund grow, and by making the love story more romantic-us-against-the-world they set up a more poignant situation when it all goes tits up. I still don't know how is it gonna work from a narrative standpoint, since they're like 4 wildlings doing the deed? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />- Bolton/Jaime/Brienne: the actor who plays Bolton is so good - subtly threatening, and while the scene should have been longer it was good nonetheless. I also loved Brienne/Jaime and their new "in tune" interaction; he struggles with his dinner/she offers a steady hand, she grabs a knife/he stops her and insists she's coming with him. And all of it it's done without them acknowledging it or even looking at each other. - Tywin/Olenna was funny, and as unfair as it is so was the Continuous Unfortunate Adventures of Sansa Stark (I mean the date with Loras, not the last bit).It was the worst episode so far though.
190	Alboin	2013-05-06	So we have "Sam the Singer"!! Forget Sam the Slayer.And why you have been shown obsidian dagger then? Slayer is coming.
191	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	Gendry was never their hostage like Arya. He had volunteered to become one of them and was a member of the brotherhood. Was Beric did is exactly like selling gendry into slavery and slavery is absolutley despised in Westeros. It would have been much more credible if Melisandre had talked to the BwB leaders and they had ordered to just go with her and do as he is told.No way an honorable lord like Beric would turn into a slaver.No, it's not like slavery at all. Slavery is just about profit and that was very obviously not the case. They found out that Gendry was someone special, just like they did with Arya, and they hand him over to someone that needs him, again just like they plan to do with Arya. They are religious zealots so obviously the need of the one true god goes above everything. They serve their god by helping Melisandre and Mel does the same by giving them money.And no, it would not have been more credible if they hadn't gotten any money. It's been established by two different events that the BwB will take money when they can. There's no honor in demanding ransom for Arya, nor taking Sandor's money, so anyone that thinks they are purely about that is plain wrong.
192	shewolfofthenorth	2013-05-06	I have to say that the climb up the wall was definitely my favorite of this episode, the whole time in my head I'm thinking " this is way better than I imagined it in the books"!
193	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	I would have vastly preferred that to the pseudodrama in this episode. Show them tackling the wall at the beginning of the episode, then at the end show them crawling over the top edge with their last strength and Ygritte crying about how she was able to feel the wall trying to shake her off, just like in the book.The problem with the climb is in the book as well, just that it doesn't affect Jon. I'd also disagree with your previous comment on that every such scene is the same because this one actively played on the stereotypical layout and turned it around. In the standard execution Jon would have failed to grab Ygritte when they stretched their hands out towards each other, especially since they had already avoided disaster once.
194	mrlukeduke	2013-05-06	Liked:<U+0080><U+0094> The change from the books re: Melisandre. I thought it was a cunning way to sneak in more info about and reinforce the workings of R'hllor, and the Red God's connection with and significance to Beric and Thoros. Also makes Mel more politically active. Grass roots movement baby yeah!<U+0080><U+0094> The change to Gendry's story. I didn't like the scene with Selyse and her "foetus jars" in the previous episode, but it makes sense they'd use Gendry now to simplify things for the viewership. Also, it gives Stannis a nice background context to his cold/hard nature. He lost all his children "to the gods" except the strange and facially scarred Shireen, and since clearly they're skipping out Patchface they can make Shireen more creepy, while using her to educate Davos instead of his sons (also all dead).<U+0080><U+0094> No Podrick and his "talents".<U+0080><U+0094> No more whatsherfacewhocarestheonethatJoffkills.<U+0080><U+0094> The "chaos" scene with Littlefinger. Scary shit. Thrives in chaos; nice book nod. Nicely edited sequence.<U+0080><U+0094> Ramsey and Theon. So, so good. Had to hide behind a pillow for THAT scene I knew was coming...<U+0080><U+0094> Beric looked more scarred and generally messed up as per booky wooky.Disliked:<U+0080><U+0094> That they used Tyrion to speak to Sansa rather than Cersei's cruel surprise in the books.<U+0080><U+0094> Mel meeting Arya. I totally get WHY they did it. Simplification, too good a chance to pass up. But still... it's like everyone's meeting everyone. Again, maybe I'm too harsh. I did like the subtle many-faced-god reference I suppose.<U+0080><U+0094> The Wall scenes. Why can't they have some non-important extras walking/climbing about in the distance. THey did the whole perfectly predictable Star Trek thing, where the non-introduced new guys in the yellow shirts die...8/10 coming from a book "purist". Great episode. Great show.
					
					
							Edited by mrlukeduke, 06 May 2013 - 08:46 AM.
195	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	10.
196	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Im going 7, would have been a 6 but they killed Ros, thereby earning a full bonus point.  
I loathe the wall, Sam Tarly scenes (again with zero sense of urgency), the tyrion and cersei whining, and the sansa/loras.  Im ok with the gendry/edric merging but i sti dont like the completely non-grey portrayal of Mel.  
Maisie's scenes, tywin, boltons, varys and lf were enough to make it a good episode imo and ros' manner of death put it around 7.5.  Half a point lower than the last 2 episodes.
197	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	Give it a 1, and only because there's no zero in the scale. What an utter crap of an episode /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> . This is the kind of episode that makes me rethink if the show is worth watching
198	protar	2013-05-06	710. A solid episode, but definitely not as exciting as the last two. I'm sure that was deliberate but it was still one of my least favourite episodes as a consequence. And it felt kind of short.
199	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	5/10 - and that's me being generous.Problems:Once again Loras' sexuality is turned into a joke. Boring and offensive.Ros, whose entire story has been a vehicle to enhance the story of male characters, dies an over-sexualised death to enhance the characterisation of 3 male characters. Boring, offensive, and probably won't even have a long-term impact on the plot.Sansa is over-sexualised. Why does the show need to over-sexualise a 16 year old girl? And why would Tyrion just barge his way into her room?And the leads me onto another problem - the whitewashing of Tyrion. Honestly, by this point his scenes are just tiring (and fairly cringeworthy) to watch. There's no inner conflict there; he's a bland version of Ned Stark.Once again, Catelyn was sidelined to provide more screentime to male characters.What happened to all the wildlings? It looked like half of them fell off the Wall, so what's their plan now? Sending a raiding party of 20 was risky enough, but now that half of them are dead it's even worse.The Ramsay/Theon scene was just gratuitous and a complete waste of time.The Osha/Meera rivalry is boring and quite insulting to viewers IMO.No Daenerys. I understand that having every story in an episode is not a good idea, but more than 5 minutes were wasted on Theon this episode... 5 minutes that could have been a scene between Dany and Missandei to show the softer side of Dany that's been missing since season 1.I have no problems whatsoever with the Melisandre/Gendry plot, although I think the writing was a bit off in places. But generally across the episode the acting was okay, the Brienne/Jaime story is good, the CGI was impressive, and the episode didn't feel too disjointed. The writing and story-telling is really letting this show down. And I really don't understand how it's possible... A Storm of Swords is full of non-stop action and plot-twists. How can they have made it feel so boring?I think the decision to hold the Purple Wedding off till next season is proving to be a mistake.
200	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-05-06	This was my least favorite episode of the season, but wasn't awful by any means.  8/10 and still better in my opinion than episodes 7 and 8 of last season.Liked:- The entire Wall climbing sequence, start to finish.  Some very convincing tension on the way up, and those end shots were magnificent.- Varys/LF round (???).  These scenes never fail to deliver and this one might have been my favorite yet.- Tywin/Olenna.  A fun exchange between two power players. - Theon/Ramsay.  Not for the squeamish (obviously) but Iwan Rheon is nailing this psychotic character dead-on.  And the revelation that he was in all probability "that fucking horn-blower" from S2e10 shouldn't surprise anyone!- Three words for Roose Bolton: cold fucking blooded.  McElhatton doesn't need leeches and all that crap to come off creepy as book Roose - he's got it down pat with expressions and voice inflection.- Freys, Robb & Tullys.  Lame Lothar sighting!  Edmure and the Blackfish were great.  This season has needed more of them and I hope they're more prominent in the next few episodes.- Handling Sansa's discovery of the wedding plans offscreen was a smart move, IMO.  The LF voiceover was great (poor Ros though, just as I was starting to warm up to her...).Didn't like:- Pacing in this episode was all over the place, in contrast to the past three where it was near-perfect.  Several scenes felt either rushed or too long.- Nothing particularly wrong with the Sam/Gilly scene or the Bran/Reeds scene, but starting the episode off with these two quiet (and let's face it, somewhat forgettable) scenes was a mistake in terms of hooking the viewer.- BWB handing over Gendry was sloppy in execution.  I had assumed Thoros and/or Beric would talk him into going with Mel rather than allowing him to be taken by force.  As it was, they come across as little more than greedy thugs.  I did like Arya's confrontation with Mel, especially Mel's slightly freaked out reaction.
201	TheEvilKing	2013-05-06	Gave it a 5/10 (ie. average). While not a bad episode it was the weakest of the season so far.
There were some really good parts - any scenes involving Lannisters or Boltons, plus Mel and the BwB, as well as LF/Varys and Ros's horrific death scene.
Worst parts: Bran scene, Sam scene and the super cheesey final scene.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 06 May 2013 - 08:56 AM.
202	Pure Guava	2013-05-06	Voted "6", thought it was pretty weak and only saved by a few decent scenes (Ramsay/Theon, Jaime/Brienne/Roose, Sam/Gilly). Everything felt so awkward and forced...seemingly too self-aware of the fact that its a tv show...dumbing down characters and using cliched tropes as if D&D were struggling harder than ever to get beyond "LOL HEY GUISE WE'RE A TV SHOW!"
Pretty disappointing stuff overall. Meh.
EDIT: And man were the sets low budget. Jesus those wall scenes looked horrible. What is this, PBS in the 70s?
					
					
							Edited by Pure Guava, 06 May 2013 - 09:00 AM.
203	Sxxman	2013-05-06	I would give it a 8.5, gun-to-my-head rounding down to an 8.  I didn't think it was as bad as people are saying.  I for one actually like what they are doing with Gendry as it makes him a more important character to the story.  If I had any criticism about GRRM's books it would be that I thought Gendry would amount to more than just a smith.
I'm not going to waste time on the strong points but go straight to the weak points.  I didn't like the whole Osha-Meera conflict, it seems rather forced and even though everyone complains about Ros's role, I think that Osha has been more of an annoying character IMO.  Also I think that the order of the scenes seemed a little off, I for one would not have started the episode with Sam/Gilly, lovely as a coupe as they are (how can you hate them?) they're not the strongest arc to start the episode.  Finally, though I do like Gendry's seemingly more meaningful role, I was a little disappointed by how easily the BWB gave him up, they're not the type of group to be bought off that easily, I guess it was the only way to keep the ball rolling but could have been better.
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 06 May 2013 - 09:11 AM.
204	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	EDIT: And man were the sets low budget. Jesus those wall scenes looked horrible. What is this, PBS in the 70s?Low Budget??? Didnt look terrible at all, it was some of the best CGI the show has had, in no way did it look like 1970s special effects. Most TV shows have far worse CGI then this
205	David Selig	2013-05-06	I have mixed feelings. Tywin and Olenna was just so implausible throughout I couldn't enjoy the high quality acting, I was constantly thinking "no way (s)he would say this". Tywin basically blackmailing the Tyrells, his main allies, when the war is still going on, just to get the Sansa marriage, was just really dumb. Olenna insulting Tywin throughout was also pretty stupid. And where is Mace Tyrell? He's the head of the House after all yet Olenna makes all major decisions and he's not even mentioned.
Ygritte being so in love with Jon came out of nowhere in the TV series. Kit still can't act. Thankfully Rose Leslie is so good she makes those scenes worth watching.
Melisandre's scene was great, the kind of change from the books which makes sense and was well executed. Sam and Gilly was nice. Meera and Osha was pointless.
First time I actually liked a LF scene since forever. Except for the death of Ros part, which was just wrong for so many reasons.
Sansa saying "Will they let me invite my family?" was the most ridiculous and facepalm worthy moment of the whole series.
7/10, since the rest was good.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 06 May 2013 - 09:09 AM.
206	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	Sansa saying "Will they let me invite my family?" was the most ridiculous and facepalm worthy moment of the whole series.I wanted Shae to facepalm her after she said that.
207	MoAt	2013-05-06	Well this is the first time an episode has brought me to the forums (bank holiday - time to geek out) with a comment so go easy on me, but I thought it was the best so far.. Not much happening plot wise, but the whole team has to be given credit for an excellent job in riffing on the themes and characters GRRM provided.Clearly many of you novel purists will think this was a (relatively) sub-par episode due to how much it differed from the books. However I thought it was truly spectacular.The sheer amount of subtlety in every scene and the way it respected the characters and plot, while admittedly straying from the purely canon interpretation of the source material, frankly dropped my jaw.For instance, I have watched the Brienne, Roose and Jamie scene at least 4 times now and found new delight with each viewing. minor things such as the way NCW wavers his knife like a balance scale when discussing finances, and then stills the motion when talking about the consequences of displeasing his father, or GC's reaction to his immediate refusal to accept her staying as he is released. Now that is some serious top quality acting (and scripting ofc)!Every scene simply drips care and attention and manages to pull off some pretty major script changes while staying true to the spirit of the source material. The fact that this is averaging 8/10 while doing so, tells me that despite this GOT has writers and actors that are more than capable of elaborating on the source material, plus Alik Sakharov has to be given credit for some superb orchestration... I give this a solid 10/10 /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Indeed! Welcome to the forums. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
208	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	No, it's not like slavery at all. Slavery is just about profit and that was very obviously not the case. They found out that Gendry was someone special, just like they did with Arya, and they hand him over to someone that needs him, again just like they plan to do with Arya. They are religious zealots so obviously the need of the one true god goes above everything. They serve their god by helping Melisandre and Mel does the same by giving them money.And no, it would not have been more credible if they hadn't gotten any money. It's been established by two different events that the BwB will take money when they can. There's no honor in demanding ransom for Arya, nor taking Sandor's money, so anyone that thinks they are purely about that is plain wrong.BwB are NOT religious zealots, far from that. Most members do not even follow Rhollor. Book BwB did not care about Stannis or king's blood, they cared about the people. Book Beric would never sell a member of BwB to a foreigner who wants to burn him alive. They basically made the most unselfish and noble character from the books a slaver.They would ransom Arya, their hostage, to her family. They wouldn't just sell her to the highest bidder. They took Hound's money, but they gave him his life. No other faction in Westeros gives their captured enemies a fair trial. Book BwB is noble and TV BwB is just greedy.
209	A Redeemed Hound	2013-05-06	I gave it a 6, which is a solid episode.  I knew Gendry was going to take Edric Storm's place in the show.  Makes sense and is easier to follow.  Gendry is gone anyway after Book 3 and just have Davos free/save him instead of the little boy.  No harm no foul.  Plus I like Gendry and want to see more of him in the show.  Liked him in the books too.  Really liked Jon and Ygrette's scenes and I am finally starting to feel their connection.  Love her mocking him and doing her Jon Snow voice.  Tormund is getting more likeable too.
Still not a fan of Bran's storyline yet.  They should have made him have the dream of Jon on the other side of the Wall.  Also needs more Hodor!
Really liked the scene between Queen of Thorns and Tywin.  Two powerhouses going at it.  Thought it was great.  Also loved the scenes with Tyrion and Cersie.  Pretty funny banter actually when they are discussing their new situations.
Like the guy playing Thoros.  Like Dondarion.  Wish there was more Arya stuff this week by cutting the scene with Theon, which was meh.  Enjoyed seeing Brienne in a dress.  She looks so out of place it was great.
And I was actually sad and shocked Ros died!  I figured she would have been in all of the seasons.  Interesting.
AND THANK GOD SAM PULLED OUT THE OBSIDIAN BLADE!!!  I was wondering where it was and if they were going to show us Sam the Slayer!!!
					
					
							Edited by A Redeemed Hound, 06 May 2013 - 09:29 AM.
210	Pure Guava	2013-05-06	Low Budget??? Didnt look terrible at all, it was some of the best CGI the show has had, in no way did it look like 1970s special effects. Most TV shows have far worse CGI then thisThe styrofoam ice was horrible, dawg. Sorry. Actually not talking about CGI but the actual sets. Like I said.EDIT: And oh god that just reminded me of the Osha/Meera conflict. Stupidest and most worthless scene in the entire series so far. Really starting to lose faith in D&D.
					
					
							Edited by Pure Guava, 06 May 2013 - 09:27 AM.
211	YuvalTheVal	2013-05-06	I can't believe some people are saying this was the worst episode yet!
I thought it was absoulutly fantastic! Great acting, Great writing. just great, enjoyed every minute. the LittleFinger speech montague... that ending shot...  this is how television should be made.
Best episode yet, 10\10
212	darksellsword	2013-05-06	I gave this episode a 6 and its not so much for the deviations from the books just the script , I thought the bonding
moment between Tyrion and Cersei was  excruciatingly bad. The scene with QOT and Tywin was equally as idiotic and
repetitive.Arya and Mellisandres interaction was bizarre to say the least. Boltons bastard has been completely miss written
comes across like a cheesy scifi villain were as in the books hes just sadistic and totally indifferent to Theon
for the most part i dont see the book Ramsay choosing to exclusively spend his time torturing Theon.The
impression i had of Ramsay from the book was him sat drinking wine and having a nice time while enjoying
the idea of his men ripping Theons toes off and knocking his teeth out. The Osha Meera scene felt like
a weak scene from Merlin or some dumb show like that. Loras The Warrior who just happens to be gay being portrayed
as a modern era stereotypical gay is a huge dishonor to Grrm powerful charecter crafted novels, it seems this is the path the show writers have decided to walk down .
					
					
							Edited by darksellsword, 06 May 2013 - 10:10 AM.
213	YuvalTheVal	2013-05-06	Well this is the first time an episode has brought me to the forums (bank holiday - time to geek out) with a comment so go easy on me, but I thought it was the best so far.. Not much happening plot wise, but the whole team has to be given credit for an excellent job in riffing on the themes and characters GRRM provided.Clearly many of you novel purists will think this was a (relatively) sub-par episode due to how much it differed from the books. However I thought it was truly spectacular.The sheer amount of subtlety in every scene and the way it respected the characters and plot, while admittedly straying from the purely canon interpretation of the source material, frankly dropped my jaw.For instance, I have watched the Brienne, Roose and Jamie scene at least 4 times now and found new delight with each viewing. minor things such as the way NCW wavers his knife like a balance scale when discussing finances, and then stills the motion when talking about the consequences of displeasing his father, or GC's reaction to his immediate refusal to accept her staying as he is released. Now that is some serious top quality acting (and scripting ofc)!Every scene simply drips care and attention and manages to pull off some pretty major script changes while staying true to the spirit of the source material. The fact that this is averaging 8/10 while doing so, tells me that despite this GOT has writers and actors that are more than capable of elaborating on the source material, plus Alik Sakharov has to be given credit for some superb orchestration... I give this a solid 10/10Cheers! Excatcly what I was thinking. You managed to put my thoughts into words, something I can't really do because English isn't my native language. thank you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
214	A Redeemed Hound	2013-05-06	One thing that was really bush league was that the Knight of Flowers says something regarding "French cuffs" or "French" something or other.  Really?  France is part of Westeros?  That was super poor writing.
215	Pure Guava	2013-05-06	"Fringed", homie. "Fringed".
					
					
							Edited by Pure Guava, 06 May 2013 - 09:34 AM.
216	BastardoftheNorth	2013-05-06	I think they nailed the cinematic aspect of the ascent of the wall. That wide shot of the sheet of ice breaking off was amazing. I also thought the quick scene between Samwell and Gilly was a minor triumph of acting and atmosphere. I've generally been very disappointed with the scenes north of the Wall, as they are usually filmed in this dull, gray light. So many of the best scenes north of the Wall in the books take place in darkness, usually with wind and blowing snow. In this instance, I think they nailed it.
The characterization in this one was just off however.The Littlefinger/Varys scene was laughably hamfisted and obvious and the Queen of Thorns homoerotic tweaking of Tywin was way out of place for a medieval story.
Looking foward to George's episode next week!
217	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	BwB are NOT religious zealots, far from that. Most members do not even follow Rhollor. Book BwB did not care about Stannis or king's blood, they cared about the people. Book Beric would never sell a member of BwB to a foreigner who wants to burn him alive. They basically made the most unselfish and noble character from the books a slaver.They would ransom Arya, their hostage, to her family. They wouldn't just sell her to the highest bidder. They took Hound's money, but they gave him his life. No other faction in Westeros gives their captured enemies a fair trial. Book BwB is noble and TV BwB is just greedy.First of all you must go by the show. It's completely nonsensical to make an argument about something that happens in the show and not use what the show has established. It's also pure speculation what the BwB would have done if a red priest with a higher goal would have arrived at their doorstep. Information changes things.And again, it's just stupid to call that slavery. I usually try to be nicer but I can't call it anything else. The show clearly establishes how important the one true god is to Beric and Thoros (they are true believers) so it's clearly an act of following his will as they see Melisandre as just as a legit champion of R'hllor as Thoros. In that situation you can't call it slavery since they give him with an express purpose, while a slaver only cares about the money. It's exactly what they are doing with Arya. They'll only give her up for a specific purpose (to get her back to the Starks) but they won't do it purely out of honor, they want money for it because of purely practical reasons. It's also very important that they've learned something new about Gendry. We all remember that they were going to let Arya go before they learned who she is.And the notion that true believers of R'hllor would think that it's wrong to burn someone is a complete oxymoron.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 May 2013 - 09:40 AM.
218	Abaddon	2013-05-06	Gave it a solid 8.  I would put it roughly on par with S3E1 and a bit better than S3E2.  After the run of great episodes (3-5) we've just had it naturally feels like a letdown.Really enjoyed the interaction with Mel and the BwB.  Looking forward to seeing Gendry at Dragonstone.  Loved Oleanna and Tywin of course, although I was a little confused by the quill snapping but it makes sense to me now after reading some of the previous comments.  I am one of the few genuinely sorry to see Ros go (did not care for her in S1 but liked her in S2 just fine) and the way she went was brutal and shocking and totally unexpected.  The scene with Sansa at the end was one of the first times I've felt empathy for her this season.  Oh and Jaime&Brienne&Bolton continue to be masterful in their scenes.Wall climb was good, not great, to me.  A little too Michael Bay over-the-top Hollywood in execution and the ending seemed weirdly out of place.  Not bad... just not quite what I hoped for.  Can't agree at all with those that said it looks bad or cheap though, it looked spectacular.The Riverrun stuff was fine, but I think it's suffering a bit from trying to recover to a position that will end where it does in the books.  The way they got here didn't work for me as well as the book.  That said I think from this point on it's going to proceed pretty similarly and I am really on pins and needles thinking about that.  I agree with those who have commented that the Blackfish is being written to be too boorish.  It reminds me a lot of Quorin, in fact.  They really failed to translate Quorin very well and I see echos of that here, although they are doing a bit of a better job with the Blackfish than they did with Quorin.I think overall this episode is showing some of the stretch marks of some of the threads being extended, notably Kings Landing and the Bran storyline.  I can't say I mind that too much as I feel the alternative (compressing other storylines to move more briskly through the material) would have been far worse.  But, it still shows.
219	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	First of all you must go by the show. It's completely nonsensical to make an argument about something that happens in the show and not use what the show has established. It's also pure speculation what the BwB would have done if a red priest with a higher goal would have arrived at their doorstep. Information changes things.And again, it's just stupid to call that slavery. I usually try to be nicer but I can't call it anything else. The show clearly establishes how important the one true god is to Beric and Thoros (they are true believers) so it's clearly an act of following his will as they see Melisandre as just as a legit champion of R'hllor as Thoros. In that situation you can't call it slavery since they give him with an express purpose, while a slaver only cares about the money. It's exactly what they are doing with Arya. They'll only give her up for a specific purpose (to get her back to the Starks) but they won't do it purely out of honor, they want money for it because of purely practical reasons. It's also very important that they've learned something new about Gendry. We all remember that they were going to let Arya go before they learned who she is.And the notion that true believers of R'hllor would think that it's wrong to burn someone is a complete oxymoron.Well if we completely ignore the books then it makes sense, yes. Thing is, Beric was one of my favorite characters in the books so the scene where Gendry was taken away like a prisoner really hurt me. BwB follows R'hllor because of Thoros' powers, not because they agree with human sacrifices. Book Beric is a perfect example of a man who would sacrifice himself to save another. He would never allow a member of BwB to burned in order to makes Stannis a king. The whole point of BwB is that they are not on the side of any king, but on the side of smallfolk. Or at least they were uner Beric, under UnCat it's hard to say on whose side they are on.Slavery may not be the correct expression but they sold a man so that Mel may use him as she pleases. That is pretty damn close to slavery.Again, I can see no reason why BwB would sell their member to Stannis. I do not know what Mel told them, but if she told them that Stannis is AAR and that the battle for dawn is coming, wouldn't a company of religious zealots join his cause? And if she did not tell them that, then why did they let him go?
220	mickey117	2013-05-06	Gave it an 8, although it's the least good episode of this season; nothing particularly wrong but also nothing very exciting bar Theon's scene.
221	Mediumjon Umber	2013-05-06	Don't know if I'm more cynical than usual or if I'm just jaded with this whole fantasy bullsh*t genre after recently reading a couple of particularly sh***y books, but this episode was the worst of the series, not only the season.
Why the f**k was Sam happy? Didn't he just watch his sworn brothers kill the LC and turn on his friends? Isn't he, Gilly and her infant alone in the wolfinfested woods with the Others marching after them?
Except the climb and Melisandre's arrival at the BwB, this whole episode felt like it was composed of deleted scenes.
5. Not good enough.
222	MoAt	2013-05-06	The styrofoam ice was horrible, dawg. Sorry. Actually not talking about CGI but the actual sets. Like I said.You're thinking of the last Star Trek movie. This was waaaay better than that.
223	Lord Godric	2013-05-06	Maybe  try and actually come up with something interesting for Bran & Company to do until they reach the wall (I did like the side effect of seizures for Jojen, that was a nice add)?I wondered if they were going to have Ramsay hunting Bran and Rickon. He knows they are alive and commented on how fun of a hunt that would be. It would definitely spice up Bran's story and give them a reason to split up (because if they decide to split up now it would feel strange unless there was some more dire reason than "we can't travel together")
224	Pure Guava	2013-05-06	This was waaaay better than that.Was it now? I wonder where the proof might be since it certainly wasn't in the show. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
225	Greyjoy67	2013-05-06	Speaking of ratings, this seems like an appropriate place to put this. Over at Tower of the Hand, they have a ratings system for episodes (like here) and overall averages. Seems this episode has the weakest rating of any GOT episode ever.... I didn't mind it that much! Not too surprised but what's rated and what aint though.
Season 1
Ep 1 8.48
Ep 2 8.31
Ep 3 8.24
Ep 4 8.51
Ep 5 8.76
Ep 6 9.05 
Ep 7 8.89
Ep 8 9.33
Ep 9 9.25
Ep10 9.18
Season 2
Ep11 7.99
Ep12 7.53
Ep13 8.48
Ep14 8.18
Ep15 8.49
Ep16 8.31
Ep17 8.39
Ep18 7.64
Ep19 9.38
Ep20 8.62
Season 3 
Ep21 8.15
Ep22 7.98 
Ep23 8.62
Ep24 9.28
Ep25 8.66
Ep26 7.40
226	MoAt	2013-05-06	Was it now? I wonder where the proof might be since it certainly wasn't in the show. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />It was clearly in the show. Not sure what you watched, as I'm not the only one that thought it was awesome. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
227	Ran	2013-05-06	The forum has things rated rather differently. I believe the lowest we had was for Night Lands, which scored just above 7.0, I think.
228	Pure Guava	2013-05-06	It was clearly in the show. Not sure what you watched, as I'm not the only one that thought it was awesome. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />That why it's currently the (justifiably) worst-rated episode yet in the series?EDIT: to add "one of the"
					
					
							Edited by Pure Guava, 06 May 2013 - 10:23 AM.
229	Ran	2013-05-06	It's not. It's the worst of the season, but not of the series, at least on this forum.
ETA: Tallying it up, The Night Lands scored a 7.07 from 391 voters.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 06 May 2013 - 10:25 AM.
230	Greyjoy67	2013-05-06	The forum has things rated rather differently. I believe the lowest we had was for Night Lands, which scored just above 7.0, I think.Yeah, that's quite low on there as well. I don't remember it being that bad, was it? Early season 2, I'm actually a bit blank because it was a bit uneventful... Season 3 seems to be following a similar pattern in terms of quality: set-up eps that are okay in quality, a few episodes that a bit more riveting, one or two dips again and then a big penultimate episode that steals the show (I assume RW will follow that trend....)Or maybe science is just bollocks for a TV show! /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by Greyjoy67, 06 May 2013 - 10:39 AM.
231	Lord Godric	2013-05-06	Yeah, that's quite low on there as well. I don't remember it being that bad, was it? Early season 2, I'm actually a bit blank because it was a bit uneventful... Season 3 seems to be following a similar pattern in terms of quality: set-up eps that are okay in quality, a few episodes that a bit more riveting, one or two dips again and then a big penultimate episode that steals the show (I assume RW will follow that....)Or maybe science is just bollocks for a TV show! /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />the Red Wedding will be in the penultimate episode.
232	Juli Cachet	2013-05-06	Gave it a 9, liked it a lot, except maybe the stuff with Ros, which was rather pointless.
Somehow I can't feel for show-Theon. Ramsay was fucking hilarious this episode. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
233	Greyjoy67	2013-05-06	the Red Wedding will be in the penultimate episode.I know, that's what I was saying /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
234	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	Well if we completely ignore the books then it makes sense, yes. Thing is, Beric was one of my favorite characters in the books so the scene where Gendry was taken away like a prisoner really hurt me. BwB follows R'hllor because of Thoros' powers, not because they agree with human sacrifices. Book Beric is a perfect example of a man who would sacrifice himself to save another. He would never allow a member of BwB to burned in order to makes Stannis a king. The whole point of BwB is that they are not on the side of any king, but on the side of smallfolk. Or at least they were uner Beric, under UnCat it's hard to say on whose side they are on.Slavery may not be the correct expression but they sold a man so that Mel may use him as she pleases. That is pretty damn close to slavery.Again, I can see no reason why BwB would sell their member to Stannis. I do not know what Mel told them, but if she told them that Stannis is AAR and that the battle for dawn is coming, wouldn't a company of religious zealots join his cause? And if she did not tell them that, then why did they let him go?It's not about completely ignoring the books, it's about that it's completely illogical to use the books as explanations for things in the show before you use what the show has presented.And Mel definitely isn't doing things just so Stannis can be king, everything is about him opposing the coming darkness and him being king is only to make him more able to do so as it means that he has more power.Thoros and Beric are shown as believing that R'hllor is the one true god and as Thoros says in this episode; all men must serve. We also get Beric saying that he's been to the darkness when he died and therefor knows how important Melisandre's task is. He's seen something of the true threat and he realizes that R'hllor sent Mel to them for a reason. She says that she's sent there because R'hllor needs Gendry and they give him up because of that.So how exactly does that make them mere slavers?As for them not joining Mel, they must think that what they already do is what R'hllor wants as well. Otherwise he wouldn't be bringing Beric back. Just because there's a greater cause doesn't mean that nothing else can matter, and just because there's more than one task to be done doesn't mean that they are all equal.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 May 2013 - 10:53 AM.
235	Table8	2013-05-06	Gave it a 7, but in hindsight should have given it a six.  The episode was rather slow and plodding.  It's understandable that not every episode can be as good as the last 2, but as the season moves on, it's becoming very noticeable that certain storylines just aren't moving well at all.  So far, Bran's scenes are just horrible.  Slow, uninteresting and tedious.  So far it feels like each scene has been put in just to remind the viewer that this kid Bran is still around.  Jon Snow's story is a bit uninteresting as well.  It seems the show runners are doing everything they can to force feed us a relationship between Jon and Ygrite.  Reminds me of Anakin and Padme - you know they have to get together, but the relationship is contrived and not organic at all.  My least favorite actress in the series has been Ygrite (her name is escaping me now.). Also, i'mdisappointed that they killed off all but 3 of the wildlings.  I expected the season to end with a decent battle at Castle Black, but it's hard to think how there can be any battle with so few antagonists.
I've come around on the whole Theon situation.  At first I was excited at the prospect of experiencing his story as it happens as opposed to an after-the-fact narrative ala the books.  But seriously, what is the endgame here?  There's only so much torture I'm willing to digest.  Theon became one of my favorite characters as the story unfolded and Alfie is my favorite actor in the series.  But these torture scenes are not really doing much anymore except grossing me and my girlfriend out.
I really liked the scene between Varys and LF.  Elio and Linda might have a problem with the frankness of LF's dialogue, but honestly, that scene had my hair standing up.  Seeing a dead Roz and a crying Sansa with the creepy music in the background was very powerful.
My reviews so far this year:
Episode 1: 7
Episode 2: 7
Episode 3:  5
Episode 4:  9
Episode 5:  8
And this one got a (restated) 6
236	King Tyrion I	2013-05-06	I gave it a 9.
237	Little Wing	2013-05-06	Didn't love it, but didn't hate it either.
7/10
238	Ser Drizztos	2013-05-06	Weakest episode this season. 5/10
The only scene that did something for me was Tyrion with Cercei. Everything else was overacted, too melodramatic, or plain boring.
239	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	It's not about completely ignoring the books, it's about that it's completely illogical to use the books as explanations for things in the show before you use what the show has presented.And Mel definitely isn't doing things just so Stannis can be king, everything is about him opposing the coming darkness and him being king is only to make him more able to do so as it means that he has more power.Thoros and Beric are shown as believing that R'hllor is the one true god and as Thoros says in this episode; all men must serve. We also get Beric saying that he's been to the darkness when he died and therefor knows how important Melisandre's task is. He's seen something of the true threat and he realizes that R'hllor sent Mel to them for a reason. She says that she's sent there because R'hllor needs Gendry and they give him up because of that.So how exactly does that make them mere slavers?As for them not joining Mel, they must think that what they already do is what R'hllor wants as well. Otherwise he wouldn't be bringing Beric back. Just because there's a greater cause doesn't mean that nothing else can matter, and just because there's more than one task to be done doesn't mean that they are all equal.I guess you can look at it this way, it's just not how I saw that scene and BwB. The BwB I know would not give him up without knowing what Mel will do with him. Maybe she said she needs him to battle darkness and I can see BwB acting as they did in that case but what she said on TV is that he will make kings rise and fall. BwB would not give him up to aid one of the kings, R'hllor or no. If they believed in Stannis' cause they would aid him, but they clearly state they care about smallfolk not the kings. I also think it's completely wrong to call them religious zealots but that is not really the point. They follow R'hllor because he has shown himself as a true god, not because they agree with the ways of his followers. Thoros is not exactly a typical red priest and I bet he does not approve of human sacrifice.I hated the changes to BwB storyline and if you liked them we will just have to agree to disagree.
240	King of the Wall	2013-05-06	I gave it a 6, but it was a very weak episode.
I liked the scenes with Sam/Gilly, Theon/Ramsay, Cersei/Tyrion, Jaime/Roose and most of all Littlefinger/Varys.
I completely hated Loras on this episode. Why did they make him the commom gay stereotype? I'm not a fan of Loras, but he was a completely different character. They made him so flat and simple he lost all his charisma.
I think D&D are really struggling with Bran's story line. They give it some small screentime without giving it meaning. I felt that the only reason for Meera and Osha's discussiion was so that Meera could have some dialogue.
What was Melisandre going after Gendry? I am looking forward to know where they are going with this. I guess Mel or Stannis will tell Gendry who his father was. I don't know if that's good or not for the story. Will Mel succeed on using Gendry or will Davos protect him, like he did with Edric in the books? At least it makes us, book fans, wonder about the future of a character too.
I liked Thoros' interaction with Mel, and her reaction to Beric, but I think it was a little out of character to ssell Gendry just like that.
The scenes of Jon/Ygritte were good. I think it was a good change Ygritte knew Jon was still a crow when he went over to Mance's side. And now she's trying to make Jon be loyal to her, to forget the Night's Watch for her. It was good.
I had hoped Jon would toss Orell down the Wall, once they reach the top.
I didn't liked the Olenna/Tywin scene. Olenna asking if Tywin had never tried boys before. God, what were they thinking?
The best was Varys and Littlefinger. I always like their exchanges on the throne room. I loved how they made Littlefinger talk about a friend who would deal with Ros and later they show Joffrey leaving a room with his crossbow, before showing Ros' body. Damn, Jack Gleeson does a great job.
They should've ended the episode with Littlefinger's monologue about chaos, instead of Jon and Ygritte atop of the Wall. It would've been much better.
					
					
							Edited by King of the Wall, 06 May 2013 - 11:36 AM.
241	Snookson	2013-05-06	Very, very average. Gave it a 5. Probably should have given it a 6.
I absolutely hate everything they are doing north of the wall: Jon/Ygritte, wildlings, NW, Bran & co., Sam/Gilly. When these scenes come on I sigh and look at the clock.
I didn't like the BWB/Melisandre/Gendry interaction. I feel like a skilled blacksmith would be worth way more than a couple bags of gold, which it seems they valued Gendry at. I don't think there was any R'hllor conotations there; it was all about the money.
I thought the Tyrion/Cersei interaction was written well, but I think it was out of place (for Cersei especially). She is not in the place yet to be opening up to Tyrion. She isn't desperate enough for that yet. Too early.
Ros... meh. I thought they were actually going to use her for something. Not a big deal.
Roose/Jaime/Brienne was good, though I think it could have been better. Loved how Roose doesn't speak loudly, though he doesn't quite whisper like in the book.
Tywin/Olenna was solid, as was Varys/Baelish.
Ramsay is creepy as fuck. I love it.
Oh, one other thought. Orell tried to kill Jon/Ygritte by cutting the rope (Orell/Tormund weren't in immediate danger of falling it seemed. The two could have been pulled up) but there were no repercussions. Yeah, they're wildlings, but they live by a loose code. Pretty sure murdering two useful people would not be cool. Tormund should have thrown him off the wall for that if he wasn't so useful as a warg. Still, he should have gotten an earful and a smack on the head. No comment at all.
The end scene with the juxtaposition of the wall was awesome.
Still, weakest ep of the season.
242	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-05-06	Gave it a 6/10. A slightly better than average show. I think the ratings are so harsh this week because the last two episodes were possibly the two best of the series. Whatever followed those was going to seem flat no matter what.
Liked, Sam the Slayer showing his blade. Disliked, Sam not knowing what it was for and seeming happy.
Liked Jon/Ygritte, last week people complained it felt rushed, now they are complaining that it's sappy!
Kind of liked Tyrion / Cersei, didn't like Tyrion saying Joffery should have used poison so no one would question it, seemed too obvious given what's coming soon.
Like the flaying. Didn't like Theon not recognizing the flayed man banner symbol. He is tied to it, and he was educated along side the Starks, you would think he would see it and know where he is and that he is screwed.
243	pleonasm	2013-05-06	I wondered if they were going to have Ramsay hunting Bran and Rickon. He knows they are alive and commented on how fun of a hunt that would be. It would definitely spice up Bran's story and give them a reason to split up (because if they decide to split up now it would feel strange unless there was some more dire reason than "we can't travel together")That would been a great idea. Its definitely something you could envision Ramsey doing, gives some great dramatic material for Bran and company (I'd much rather see a bad ass Osha and Meera vs. them squabbling over rabbits), and also explains why the trip to the wall takes so much time as they are avoiding Ramsey's men.This 'Ramsey' mystery subplot is really a baffling tv decision. They don't want to reveal who he is, because it might tip the tv audience that Roose Bolton will betray Robb, but that is just dumb. It would have been so easy to have a scene where Roose or even Maester Luwin last season, talk about the estranged relationship between Roose and his basterd, and how much dislike/distrust they have for each other. Heck even Catelyn could have referenced Ramsey as why she was so concerned about Jon Snow... a renegade basterd who may have killed Roose's heir.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 06 May 2013 - 11:48 AM.
244	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-05-06	BTW, what's to say that there are not more wildlings still climbing? I know that from the scene we only saw the three groups, but I believe they will show more of them coming in the next episode. They have to or the whole raid is for nothing. Castle Black could fight off the three of them with ease.
245	Giskard Reventlov	2013-05-06	Gave it 5.
Is this show still based on ASOIAF books ?
Last year we had meaningless sex scenes instead a material from the books.
This year we have meaningless torture scenes that are not in the books instead a material from the books.
Where the frak, was Danerys ?
					
					
							Edited by Giskard Reventlov, 06 May 2013 - 12:06 PM.
246	The Killer Snark	2013-05-06	Okay, I do have a few minor nits here, in case others haven't pointed them out, but my 9 score stands:
1. Theon had his finger flayed and left to rot in the text. Ramsay cut it off pretty quickly. I think they should keep the whole torture in to preserve the ick factor of the books.
2. It seems off to me that Loras, a valorous prig in the novels, is being forced to join the KG.
3. The closing shot is the most grandiose so far in the season, but surely the ice and snow would extend far further south of the Wall.
DaveSnow - As much as I like Alfie Allen, I do have a bit of an issue with Theon not being smarter in the series, as opposed to the books where he is in fact very clever, just fantastically naive.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 06 May 2013 - 12:28 PM.
247	The Monkey	2013-05-06	6/10. "Meh" is the word I find to describe this episode.
No bad scenes, but no great ones either. I liked the Ramsay/Theon bits, but seriously, how long can they keep up with the mystery of Ramsay's identity? It's getting old. Had hoped more from the Mel/Arya/Gendry scenes, but they were alright. As for the Olenna/Tywin bits, yeah they were OK, but I hate the way they made Loras' only defining feature his homosexuality.
248	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	Easy 10, I'm watching Game of Thrones.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 06 May 2013 - 12:44 PM.
249	Rhaenys Sand	2013-05-06	Seven, really it was about 5-6 but extra points for killing Ros off TBH, though it wasn't terrible it was kind of meh compared to episode five!
250	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	I guess you can look at it this way, it's just not how I saw that scene and BwB. The BwB I know would not give him up without knowing what Mel will do with him. Maybe she said she needs him to battle darkness and I can see BwB acting as they did in that case but what she said on TV is that he will make kings rise and fall. BwB would not give him up to aid one of the kings, R'hllor or no. If they believed in Stannis' cause they would aid him, but they clearly state they care about smallfolk not the kings. I also think it's completely wrong to call them religious zealots but that is not really the point. They follow R'hllor because he has shown himself as a true god, not because they agree with the ways of his followers. Thoros is not exactly a typical red priest and I bet he does not approve of human sacrifice.I hated the changes to BwB storyline and if you liked them we will just have to agree to disagree.First of all I'll point out that I don't at all object to any opinion about if it is good or bad. That's up to each person to judge for their own. I objected to the notion that they act like slavers when it's being said over and over that they act in the name of the Lord of Light and his needs. Arya thinks they are just doing it for gold but she's quite consistently being naive about these things (hence her exact same objection to them doing with her exactly what they plan in the book).Again you're just speculating what would happen if the BwB had come across the prophecy in the books. I can see it go both ways. And Melisandre says exactly why they don't join Stannis, because they are just footsoldiers that can never be anything more. They aren't needed with Stannis and they have their own cause. As for religious zealots, I don't really know how you can't be when a god has directly made himself known to you, and helped you. Zealots just strike us as odd in our world because there are no evidence of any gods. And there aren't any "ways of his followers" to be seen since he obviously interacts directly with the priests. It's only the ways of the god (which can of course be misinterpreted, as we've seen but we see that because we see into people's heads and see the story from outside). As for Thoros and human sacrifice it's hard to say, but that doesn't exactly seem like a strange thing in this religion and it's not a black and white story where the good guys do all nice things.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 May 2013 - 12:46 PM.
251	rocksniffer	2013-05-06	gave it an 8 
my main complaint this season has been that they are trying to stuff to much info into too little time. 
And i for one am sorry ol'Ros is gone, and just to pleasure the asshat Joff... /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
252	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-06	Gave it a B (8/10). Not as good as the previous four episodes (I was a big fan of Dark Wings, Dark Words), but about on par with the premiere. Given the fact that there was a lot of 'new' material in this episode, I figured the reaction here would be pretty tempered, but I'm a bit surprised at how negative some of the reactions are. The non-reader reactions (at least at The A.V. Club, Hitfix, and Television Without Pity) have been pretty positive, which speaks to how difficult the balancing act must be for the people involved in the production. I really enjoyed Jon & Ygritte climbing the Wall (all of those sequences), and unlike some of the posters here, I also really enjoyed the scene between Boy and Theon. Theon's line to Maester Luwin last season; "Do you know what's it like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner?" is really resonating with me right now. I also believe that Theon has an important part to play in this saga before the end (be it through redemption or a more Gollum-esque turn of events), and that it will eventually pay off to see how Theon was broken. I wish we were getting more from Bran & Co., but that's an issue the writers were always going to struggle to deal with. Other than that, I can't think of a scene that I actively disliked off the top of my head, even if there weren't any amazing turns in this episode. I watched the episode twice last night, and definitely thought it played better the second time around, so yeah... Good episode. Looking forward to the remaining four episodes of the season (all of which should be fantastic).
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 06 May 2013 - 01:05 PM.
253	Ticker	2013-05-06	Like the flaying. Didn't like Theon not recognizing the flayed man banner symbol. He is tied to it, and he was educated along side the Starks, you would think he would see it and know where he is and that he is screwed.	   /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />    Episode gets a 6 -- liked Sam - thought they were going to bring out a Wight for him to slay...Jon & Ygritte -- doesn't seem to have the chemistry. Loras & Sansa was terrible - Mel & Thoros wasn't much better, but you can see some logic for eliminating a bunch of small details from the books - why have 2 bastards when you can get by with 1 - the rest was good, but after the past few weeks a slight drop.
254	The Killer Snark	2013-05-06	Just coming in to say that I think the series has gotten better in the last few episodes (including this one, unfashionably), but I would have given 8s to some of the episodes prior to the 5th, including the season's first episode, in case I'm giving the impression I'll just give everything a 9. I only started rating episodes here counting from episode 5.
255	shiola	2013-05-06	I gave it a 6, because I rounded down from the ~6.5 that I felt it was.  Thinking about everything that it's setting up, and how this is kind of the mid-season calm, I wanted to give it a 7 or 8 because the series overall is just so good and I know what's going to happen.  But on an individual episode basis, it wasn't too great.  The good didn't outweigh the bad.+Nikolaj's acting and mannerisms continue to blow me away.  He is the perfect Jaime.  Gwen is a perfect Brienne.Boy's acting/dialogue/facial expressions are fantastic.  I was worried he was a bit over the top at first, but it works.  Instead of being overdone it's more like, "Okay this guy is fucking nuts."Rickon getting dialogueThe fact that there was no dialogue in the last sceneMotherfucking Conleth.  Every line delivery was spot on and I just fucking love him."The Lysa Arryn of chairs" was too perfect.-Loras being a stereotypeMelisandre's acting is not okay.  It seems like she's trying to be less melodramatic than she was in season 2, but that's what worked for me.  She's just weird now.The ridiculous amount of book deviations are starting to get to me, because I don't see the point of some and/or they're not done well enough.For example: 
	Spoiler Joffrey never killed anyone in the books, did he?I still think the love story between Jon and Ygritte was too rushed for it to really seem like Jon's breaking his vows.  I understand the time constraints.The Hound still doesn't have Arya, so their adventures will be cut short, iirc.  Unless most of their travels happened post-RW.Jojen having seizures.
Michelle Fairley getting the fucking shaft this season in terms of dialogue.The editing and how shots were cut while people were talking.  It was jarring.The fact that there was a voice over.  It took me out of the "oh my god this feels so real" that I normally have when watching it.  I get so invested in the universe and it's like I'm there.  The voice over killed it.Littlefinger's continued existence.Ros dying in that manner just to show that Joffrey's twisted. I think the audience gets it without having to go that dramatic with it.  I don't care too much about Ros, but that shot was just for a cheap shock value reaction, imo.The last scene, though I liked the lack of dialogue, was the cheesiest fucking scene and I do not care about Jon/Ygritte at all.  The final shot of the episode just sucked.  But I understand the symbolism and what have you.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 06 May 2013 - 01:15 PM.
256	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Spoiler Joff does try to kill a bunch of peasants with his Xbow...Not sure if he actually succeeded, though, but the intent to kill was there. He also guts open a cat. One of the signs that you're going to become a psycho killer in your adulthood is killing animals at a young age. 

					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 01:15 PM.
257	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-06	The final shot of the episode just sucked.  What? Really? Are you serious?
258	ServantOnIce	2013-05-06	7/10  Melisandre meeting Thoros and Beric was akward . . . and Thoros having a power Melisandre doesn't have . . . weird as well I do think they gave us good nuggets.
259	Bluemangosteen	2013-05-06	I wondered if they were going to have Ramsay hunting Bran and Rickon. He knows they are alive and commented on how fun of a hunt that would be. It would definitely spice up Bran's story and give them a reason to split up (because if they decide to split up now it would feel strange unless there was some more dire reason than "we can't travel together")that does sound like a good plan.
260	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-06	Oh, and what's up with the "brown eyes, green eyes" being shut forever?   RW prophecy?Arya kills people with brown eyes, green eyes, blue eyes, and those killings all leave a mark on Arya's soul.  That's what Mel saw, I believe.  She may even have seen Arya killing her....Anyway, I gave it an 8, because I thought it did a really good job of demonstrating core traits of key characters with some powerful imagery.  IMHO, this ep was Arya's first true step down the road she takes later on.  You see the rage, the hate, and Mel saw all of it.  It will make the whole FM thing that much more convincing when it happens.I also loved where it left LF and Varys.  It's more ham-handed than in the books, but you are inevitably going to lose some subtlety if you want traits to be as clear onscreen as they are in the much more detailed books.  LF is just wicked, and you can see how Varys actually does care about the realm.  It makes their subsequent actions that we know are coming consistent with how they've been portrayed.  And the Ros thing not only demonstrate what a twisted little creep Joffrey is in general, but also how the smallfolk (which Ros is/was) really get completely screwed in Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 06 May 2013 - 02:14 PM.
261	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	This one is very mediocre on a writing and characterization level, I felt, and it's probably my least favorite of this season. Obviously you need to retool to start gearing up, but... meh.Really? I thought there were good moments, like the "Boy's" characterization was very good. I thought the change of pulling information from Theon's storyline from Dance into this season was correct (it's also the sensible monetary decision, giving Alfie a 2 year vacation to have him recount his misadventures while away is not as attractive visually as it is reading about it).Thought Tywin and Lady Olenna excelled even if their interactions weren't cannon. Served to see how two players play their cards just like the Varys/LF scene.
262	Ondskapsmannen	2013-05-06	8.
Good episode. I especially liked Littlefinger, but I always do :-)
263	Shebara	2013-05-06	one of the best scenes so far...Lord Tyvin and Queen of Thorns discussing tolerance towards sexual orientation haha...
I also liked how the scene LF/Varys was dramatically orchestrated...to play the game of thrones at its best..
and big surprise to see the Red Lady with Arya...very clever how the wood witch from the books and Edric Storm have been replaced by Gendry and Melisandre...Question is now: will Melisandre be one of Aryas victims in the end? hmmm
264	Shebara	2013-05-06	one of the best scenes so far...Lord Tyvin and Queen of Thorns discussing tolerance towards sexual orientation haha...
I also liked how the scene LF/Varys was dramatically orchestrated...to play the game of thrones at its best..
and big surprise to see the Red Lady with Arya...very clever how the wood witch from the books and Edric Storm have been replaced by Gendry and Melisandre...Question is now: will Melisandre be one of Aryas victims in the end? hmmm
265	Red Knight	2013-05-06	why is everybody so pissed?
it had some excellent charaterisation so far, you can't expect daenerys to burn a city every episode or something
this will serve well as a setting stage for futurte events
266	KnightsOfDany	2013-05-06	Not quite the last few episodes but the wall climbing was great. overall i think this is a transition episode turning us towards a high octane sprint too the finish.
267	insertname	2013-05-06	Only a few great moments, and several parts that made me go "eh?". Definitely the worst of the season so far, and pretty low in the whole series too. Gave it a 6 (Though the fact that the worst episode still gets a 6 shows how good the show is altogether)
Jon/Ygritte felt clichA and I couldn't help but notice that for their "magical moment" Orell and Tormund seem to have disappeared?
Though the actors were great as usual, the Tywin/Olenna discussion was weird at times, and the discussion of sexual tolerance felt too modern.
I still like the Theon storyline, but I wonder why they spend so much time on it. They still have at least one and a half seasons to go, yet every episode spends several minutes with Theon. Why is this not more stretched out?
Littlefinger...ugh. Yeah, it's consisten with the show character I guess but why is he always the complete opposite of subtle?
The scenery of climbing the wall was amazing though.
268	Cheevs	2013-05-06	Gave it a 6. Sansa being told she would wed Tyrion by Tyrion himself was so freaking anticlimatic... Why not have it as a surprise like the book, it would also give sophie a great chance to show her good acting skills once more. I was happy to see Tormund finally make some jokes at john. Hated Ros death.
I really regret reading the books before this season. I used to enjoy this series so much, but now I can't help myself from comparing it to the book... Sometimes I can't even watch a whole episode because I get bored.
I really don't know why people recomend reading before watching. I really don't.
					
					
							Edited by Cheevs, 06 May 2013 - 03:39 PM.
269	teemo	2013-05-06	Awful.  I almost forgot everything by the time it ended.
270	Man in the Black	2013-05-06	For me this is the second weakest episode of the season, I think it is quite a bit better then the season premiere though, which was basically a lame recap episode with only one good scene.
This episode had some strong character scenes, a lot of them were rather low key though. Really dug Loras/Sansa scene. Also I think we should be hitting the meat of the season now which should be awesome.
Edit: Oh and seven for the actual score.
					
					
							Edited by Man in the Black, 06 May 2013 - 03:51 PM.
271	The Killer Snark	2013-05-06	They have to cram Theon in for two reasons. Firstly, it gives Alfie Allen something to do. They want to make sure he stays in contract, instead of Theon frustratingly disappearing for a massive amount of time like he does in the books. It would be less interesting to just spend vast amounts of time, for instance, with Catelyn twiddling her thumbs at Riverrun, though I'd like to see Robb being featured more often.
Secondly, the producers bungled by not bringing Ramsay in during season 2. If they simply brought him in a few seasons hence with no introduction, non book followers would be confused regarding who he's meant to be.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 07 May 2013 - 02:01 AM.
272	Talbot	2013-05-06	Ros's death was perfect. Screw the whole misogyny thing, I liked the unsettling sadism here. Joffrey's been kind of tame this season, and this was an absolutely vicious reminder of what kind of animal he is. 
That image of Ros hung up, bolts scattered in the bed posts and over her body, was absolutely haunting.
Sure, the voice over was a bit contrived for GoT, but it's a warning of how mortal the game actually is, and not everyone can become a player.
273	shiola	2013-05-06	What? Really? Are you serious?Yeah, I'm serious.  I thought it was hoakey and it just didn't jive with me.  "Let's get a slow zoom out of two lovers embracing ~*~ on the top of the world ~*~"...  -shrug-  The scenery and everything was gorgeous, though, and I do understand how it's symbolic for Jon.
274	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-06	Since I don't think any GOT episode deserves a 7 or less, I'm going with 7.5.  The Sam scene at the beginning should have been moved to next week, just makes his arc seem to move at a snail's pace if he's only singing songs by campfire.
275	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-06	Gave it a 6. Sansa being told she would wed Tyrion by Tyrion himself was so freaking anticlimatic... Why not have it as a surprise like the book, it would also give sophie a great chance to show her good acting skills once more. I was happy to see Tormund finally make some jokes at john. Hated Ros death.I really regret reading the books before this season. I used to enjoy this series so much, but now I can't help myself from comparing it to the book... Sometimes I can't even watch a whole episode because I get bored.I really don't know why people recomend reading before watching. I really don't.I feel the exact same way.
276	GeorgeIAF	2013-05-06	I gave it a 7, i liked Tywin's scene with Olenna, also Littlefinger and Varys and the fact that they spent more time regarding Jon's storyline, this cant be said about Bran's ... I hoped they would explain some things about Jojen's family and his gift, i sense that they brought up the tension between Osha and Meera to set up Rickon's departure. I'm happy that we will get that Sam The Slayer moment, really nice scene in the beginning, Sam getting closer to Gilly. The portrayal of the Freys was good too, and Ramsay's scene was perfect in showing how vile he is, nice way to slowly uncovering his identity. I hoped more from Jaime's scene with Roose, i expected Roose to troll Jaime some more. I'm glad that they got rid of Ros and finally i was let down by Arya's scene and the BWB giving Gendry the boot. Probably this will be the main reason for Arya to leave them.
277	taipan	2013-05-06	Gave it a 6. Sansa being told she would wed Tyrion by Tyrion himself was so freaking anticlimatic... Why not have it as a surprise like the book, it would also give sophie a great chance to show her good acting skills once more. I was happy to see Tormund finally make some jokes at john. Hated Ros death.I really regret reading the books before this season. I used to enjoy this series so much, but now I can't help myself from comparing it to the book... Sometimes I can't even watch a whole episode because I get bored.I really don't know why people recomend reading before watching. I really don't.How was it anticlimactic? Pretty obvious what was going down. And if you hadn't read the books you wouldn't know any different. And then you hated Ros's death.Solid 8, we needed a set up episode going forward.
278	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	5/10 - and that's me being generous.Problems:Once again Loras' sexuality is turned into a joke. Boring and offensive.Ros, whose entire story has been a vehicle to enhance the story of male characters, dies an over-sexualised death to enhance the characterisation of 3 male characters. Boring, offensive, and probably won't even have a long-term impact on the plot.Sansa is over-sexualised. Why does the show need to over-sexualise a 16 year old girl? And why would Tyrion just barge his way into her room?And the leads me onto another problem - the whitewashing of Tyrion. Honestly, by this point his scenes are just tiring (and fairly cringeworthy) to watch. There's no inner conflict there; he's a bland version of Ned Stark.Once again, Catelyn was sidelined to provide more screentime to male characters.What happened to all the wildlings? It looked like half of them fell off the Wall, so what's their plan now? Sending a raiding party of 20 was risky enough, but now that half of them are dead it's even worse.The Ramsay/Theon scene was just gratuitous and a complete waste of time.The Osha/Meera rivalry is boring and quite insulting to viewers IMO.No Daenerys. I understand that having every story in an episode is not a good idea, but more than 5 minutes were wasted on Theon this episode... 5 minutes that could have been a scene between Dany and Missandei to show the softer side of Dany that's been missing since season 1.I have no problems whatsoever with the Melisandre/Gendry plot, although I think the writing was a bit off in places. But generally across the episode the acting was okay, the Brienne/Jaime story is good, the CGI was impressive, and the episode didn't feel too disjointed. The writing and story-telling is really letting this show down. And I really don't understand how it's possible... A Storm of Swords is full of non-stop action and plot-twists. How can they have made it feel so boring?I think the decision to hold the Purple Wedding off till next season is proving to be a mistake.1. Well cant argue too much here because they just changed Loras' character too much. But i think you missed the point of Olenna's lines there. She basically says "Big fucking deal, Loras is gay. Highgarden doesnt give a shit and neither do i. You shouldnt either. Btw, Tywin, you arent one to talk what with incestuous kids." 2. Wut. That was to show that Littlefinger (and Joffrey) are assholes. It also adds more ambiguity to Varys due to his lack of reaction. He seems mildly shocked and annoyed that one of his birds got shot down. Oversexualized, my arse! Shes fully clothed! Its supposed to be chilling, not titillating in the least.3.Omg lol. Sansa's very modest smallclothes are now "oversexualizing" the character. PS, you are a RIOT! That scene actually shows some of Sansa's strength where she holds her own against Shae's bleating and Tyrion's intrusion. Also, if you havent caught Tyrion's self pity wallowing in the show yet, im not sure what to tell you. He seems rather irritatingly whiny to me. Like he should be.4. Umm...Cat is underutilized, yes, but i hardly think this is about misogyny. Cat gets in a couple of zingers in Edmure's direction that proves shes brighter than he is. Sounds to me that you want to be offended by something that isnt there.5. /shrug The Wall did it. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />6. No. Its to establish Theon's "Reeking" while allowing the viewer to try to unravel the mystery of "Boy". Theon suspecting the Karstarks being responsible for that is interesting and fuels some of the Northern conflict fires. 7. How is that insulting? Due to the weirdness of Bran's storyline, i think they are trying to establish why Osha and Rickon split off. 8. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Oh yeah because the entire story is the Daenerys Show.
279	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	I gave it 8 out of 10. I thought it wasn't as good as the previous two weeks !
Here is a proper review of the episode.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rlI3_sIpFqg
Loved the scene with Tywin and the Queen of Thorns.
I love Roose Bolton and Tormund
And the Chaos speech was great !!!
					
					
							Edited by Maxthestig, 06 May 2013 - 04:20 PM.
280	Keeper-of-the-Old-Ways	2013-05-06	6, maybe. This was a big step down from the previous episodes. For starters, why did they open with such an insubstantial scene? Why is there no sense of tension or fear beyond the Wall? Why is Sam sitting, grinning, being happy? Are there not bears and wolves prowling? White Walkers stalking the forest? Ex-brothers looking to silence him? Are they not in a freezing, hostile environment with a new born child? I cringed during the Meera/Osha battle. This conflict feels quite forced. Bran's scenes are really dull, understandably that's more a problem with the content they have to work with. The Wall climbing was a bit of a mixed bag. Some parts looked quite good, other parts looked obviously green-screened. I thought the part where it cracked and threw about a dozen wildlings off was super cool though.  The final scene on the top was too sentimental, to overblown for me. A quick, desperate embrace when they both reach the top would have been better. Of course, the whole relationship between Jon and Ygritte has been awkwardly handled. That exchange before they scale the wall, that's the sort of thing we needed before the cave scene. It feels misplaced to have them start bonding now. I thought the writing in that Loras/Sansa scene was bizarre. It really feels like being gay is this guy's only character trait. I liked the scene with Roose, Jaime and Brienne. Those have, for the most part, been the season highlight, there's a great dynamic between them. Next episode should be great. On a visual note, there was some really lovely lighting. Good contrasts. I'm getting tired of the same redundant scenes. How many times can they go over the same information? What's Theon's storyline actually amounting to? Are we going to have another season of gratuitous torture every second episode. The Melisandre/Gendry change is interesting, we'll see how it plays out. I like the guy that plays Edmure, though I'm a mite miffed at how side-lined Cat has been.It doesn't feel like the show is really moving forward. It doesn't feel like things are coming to ahead, at times it feels like not much has even happened. From such a huge, exciting, exhilarating book, that's a strange place to end up. 
					
					
							Edited by Andrew_Snow, 06 May 2013 - 04:34 PM.
281	taipan	2013-05-06	5-6, maybe. This was a big step down from the previous episodes. For starters, why did they open with such an insubstantial scene? Why is there no sense of tension or fear beyond the Wall? Why is Sam sitting, grinning, being happy? Are there not bears and wolves prowling? White Walkers stalking the forest? Ex-brothers looking to silence him? Are they not in a freezing, hostile environment with a new born child? I cringed during the Meera/Osha battle. This conflict feels quite forced. Bran's scenes are really dull, understandably that's more a problem with the content they have to work with. The Wall climbing was a bit of a mixed bag. Some parts looked quite good, other parts looked obviouslygreen-screened. The final scene on the top was too sentimental, to overblown for me. . A quick, desperate embrace when they both reach the top would have been better. Of course, the whole relationship between Jon and Ygritte has been awkwardly handled. That exchange before they scale the wall, that's the sort of thing we needed before the cave scene. It feels misplaced to have them start bonding now. I thought the writing in that Loras/Sansa scene was bizarre. It really feels like being gay is this guy's only character trait. I liked the scene with Roose, Jaime and Brienne. Those have, for the most part, been the season highlight, there's a great dynamic between them. Next episode should be great. On a visual note, there was some really lovely lighting. Good contrasts. I'm getting tired of the same redundant scenes. How many times can they go over the same information? What's Theon's storyline actually amounting to? Are we going to have another season of gratuitous torture every second episode. It doesn't feel like the show is really moving forward. It doesn't feel like things are coming to ahead, at times it feels like not much has even happened. From such a huge, exciting, exhilarating book, that's a strange place to end up. Really? For a lot of DwD the story stood still.
282	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	1. Well cant argue too much here because they just changed Loras' character too much. But i think you missed the point of Olenna's lines there. She basically says "Big fucking deal, Loras is gay. Highgarden doesnt give a shit and neither do i. You shouldnt either. Btw, Tywin, you arent one to talk what with incestuous kids."2. Wut. That was to show that Littlefinger (and Joffrey) are assholes. It also adds more ambiguity to Varys due to his lack of reaction. He seems mildly shocked and annoyed that one of his birds got shot down. Oversexualized, my arse! Shes fully clothed! Its supposed to be chilling, not titillating in the least.3.Omg lol. Sansa's very modest smallclothes are now "oversexualizing" the character. PS, you are a RIOT! That scene actually shows some of Sansa's strength where she holds her own against Shae's bleating and Tyrion's intrusion.Also, if you havent caught Tyrion's self pity wallowing in the show yet, im not sure what to tell you. He seems rather irritatingly whiny to me. Like he should be.4. Umm...Cat is underutilized, yes, but i hardly think this is about misogyny. Cat gets in a couple of zingers in Edmure's direction that proves shes brighter than he is. Sounds to me that you want to be offended by something that isnt there.5. /shrug The Wall did it. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />6. No. Its to establish Theon's "Reeking" while allowing the viewer to try to unravel the mystery of "Boy". Theon suspecting the Karstarks being responsible for that is interesting and fuels some of the Northern conflict fires.7. How is that insulting? Due to the weirdness of Bran's storyline, i think they are trying to establish why Osha and Rickon split off.8. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Oh yeah because the entire story is the Daenerys Show. 1. No, I did not miss the point of anyone's lines - I wasn't even referring to the Tywin/Olenna conversation. But Loras was turned into a bumbling idiot who couldn't even talk to a girl. That is ridiculously offensive. Believe it or not, gay men are more than capable of talking to women!!!! And wOW HE KNOWS STUFF ABOUT FASHION!!!! Gay men have married and had sex with women in the past and will continue to do so. Loras would not be any different - particularly if he was the heir to Highgarden. But the Tywin/Olenna conversastion was offensive too. Loras has been reduced to his sexuality - this cannot be denied anymore.2. The audience is very well aware that LF and Joffrey are "assholes". And yes, she was over-sexualised; the scene is a textbook definition of "male gaze".3. Was it necessary to show a 16 year old girl in her smallclothes? No. So I consider it oversexualising. I think you're projecting Book!Tyrion onto Show!Tyrion. He's more whiny than in previous seasons, but he's basically a Good Guy<U+0099>. He's whitewashed to the extreme. Self-pitying is not exactly a deep character flaw.4. Cat got one line. Edmure, Robb, the Blackfish and even the FREYS had more lines than her. And Catelyn is a POV character in the novels. I never used the word "misogyny" but now that you mention it... And no, I'm offended because my second favourite character has been butchered and sidelined in favour of less interesting male characters.5. That's not a good enough answer. The raiding party is too small to risk attacking Castle Black.6. It's gratuitous and serves no purpose. We don't need to see Theon's transformation into Reek (it was powerful in the books because we DIDN'T see it). That screentime could be given to other characters.7. It's insulting that the only way they can provide a bit of drama for Bran's storyline is to create a rivalry between two female characters.8. Maybe it should be. Hers and Jaime's scenes have been the only redeeming feature of this season. But that wasn't my point anyway. Why does Theon, a character who wasn't even in A Storm of Swords, get screentime when Daenerys doesn't? (It probably has something to do with Theon being D&D's favourite character...)
283	King of the Wall	2013-05-06	Question is now: will Melisandre be one of Aryas victims in the end? hmmmIt is highly unlikely.Gave it a 6. Sansa being told she would wed Tyrion by Tyrion himself was so freaking anticlimatic... Why not have it as a surprise like the book, it would also give sophie a great chance to show her good acting skills once more. I was happy to see Tormund finally make some jokes at john. Hated Ros death.I really regret reading the books before this season. I used to enjoy this series so much, but now I can't help myself from comparing it to the book... Sometimes I can't even watch a whole episode because I get bored.I really don't know why people recomend reading before watching. I really don't.I'm one of those people who recommend reading the books, so I'll give you my thought on this.This happens because the bookreaders see much more flaws on the show than the non-reader, so we recommend the book, which is more more detailed and complex. Yes, you start to get a little disappointed with the show, but on the other hand you have (most of the times) a better version of the story.Essentially, we expect you to enjoy the book more than you enjoy the show. And so, you will also bare the curse of seeing the flaws on the show.
284	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-06	If Jack Gleeson were 16 I'm sure they wouldn't have hesitated to have him take his shirt off earlier this season for fear of 'over sexualizing' him.
285	Arya87	2013-05-06	It was... ok.
I don't know, the Theon scene was quite disturbing. Sometimes HBO gets too carried away with violence. Also the poor rabbits...
Anyway, Littlefinger was great and so was Lady Olenna vs Tywin. So let's give it a 7.
286	Conchobar	2013-05-06	5. That's not a good enough answer. The raiding party is too small to risk attacking Castle Black.There is a much larger group of Wildlings as we have seen in the trailers. Maybe this was not the only group to go over the wall.It was... ok.I don't know, the Theon scene was quite disturbing. Sometimes HBO gets too carried away with violence. Also the poor rabbits...Anyway, Littlefinger was great and so was Lady Olenna vs Tywin. So let's give it a 7.I am not targetting you but ASOIAF are constantly contradicting each other on what they want. Some say that there is too much, some say too little, on everything. This goes for violence as well as anything else. I liked them showing the flaying, I hope they don't hold back anything in this regard. My mother was freaking out when she saw it.8. Maybe it should be. Hers and Jaime's scenes have been the only redeeming feature of this season. But that wasn't my point anyway. Why does Theon, a character who wasn't even in A Storm of Swords, get screentime when Daenerys doesn't? (It probably has something to do with Theon being D&D's favourite character...)You really do like moaning don't you?  People will forget about Theon if he appeard two years after they saw him last, it will lose all emotional impact. Most people don't even know his name. I am sick of reading people post this back to people complaining about this, and I can't believe I am posting something I am sick of reading, the television adaption has to take different things into consideration than what an author might have to take. I know for certain my friends and family would forget Theon if he turned up two seasons later, and we don't have to see Dany every episode. It makes it more of a treat(at least for me) to see her every second episode.7. It's insulting that the only way they can provide a bit of drama for Bran's storyline is to create a rivalry between two female characters.Agreed, but come on, I would like to see you write Bran's storyline into something for television, something tells me you would fail, just as much as I would.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 06 May 2013 - 04:44 PM.
287	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-05-06	My first 10 of the season.  Because finally it's slower, they've allowed scenes and stories to breathe, and it doesn't feel they're rushing through the plot.  Which is how the last episode felt to me.  I feel like this was the most understandable episode of the season for causal fans.  I think it was so much better written than the last episode.  I feel like it's the first time they've done Jon's story justice this season.  Mostly because they actually spent time on him.  With Theon, they've finally told the audience that no, they're not supposed to know who's torturing Theon or what's going on and the torture is becoming just as brutal as it was in the books.   Olenna/Tywin and Varys/Littlefinger were two scenes with awesome awesome dialogue that I loved all the more because I wasn't expecting it.  The entire climb and the beautiful shot at the end were some of the most atmospheric scenes in the series.  Oh and Ros is dead!  How could anyone give it less than a 9?Exactly how I feel!
288	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	LOL it is so hilarious to see your own smallclothes get into a twist, PS I know many gay men. I dont like what they are doing with Loras' character either but whinging about it feels pointless. I am optimistic enough to think there will be some expansion on Loras beyond his sexuality once he joins the KG. I hope so anyway. Look, i get being mad about that, but come on.Sansa was gonna try on a freaking dress and was talking to Shae. You see nothing whatsoever. Whine whine whine.Nah, im seeing Peter Dinklage losing his Tyrion Swagger <U+0084>c in favor of a perpetual |:[ face and constant whining about himself. Every conversation he has with someone is all about HIM.They have to show Theon somehow. Having him disappear for that amount of time is just...doesnt make sense for the adaption.Maybe it should be.Oh fuck no. Emilia Clarke is one of the weakest actors on the show. When she isnt hamming it up, she feels forced. Shes a lovely scenery chewer and thats what made her Dracarys moment so much fun, but jeezus. Dany's ASoS arc in the show is missing a lot of things that made it something resembling interesting in the book.Keep the comedy coming, mang.
					
					
							Edited by Florina Stark, 06 May 2013 - 04:39 PM.
289	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	There is a much larger group of Wildlings as we have seen in the trailers. Maybe this was not the only group to go over the wall.It was made very clear by Mance that Tormund would lead 20 wildlings over the Wall.
290	The Killer Snark	2013-05-06	The Wall is very long, for starters, so Jon and Ygritte wouldn't exactly have been surrounded by other wildling parties, and weren't, if I recall, in the book when they reached the top. The rest of their party, in the show, thinking them dead, would have moved off to another part of the top of the Wall. The scene makes sense. The topography, however, doesn't quite. Owing to the amount of packed ice at the Wall, you'd expect it to be snow and ice for a longer distance than gets shown southwards. A fair amount of time has gone past in the novel by the time Jon's party reaches The Gift.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 06 May 2013 - 04:45 PM.
291	Titan	2013-05-06	I gave this episode a *6*. (Lowest of the season, the others have been 7s, 8s, and a 9)
A good episode, but far too uneven. There was a lot of really good scenes, but also some less the good scenes.
Primary negatives:
 - Arya and Melisandre, I did not care for this at all.
 - Loras was a bit over-the-top
Primary positives:
 - Melisandre's scene with Thoros and Beric (great way to introduce Thoros' back story)
 - The wall climb, even though some of the effects were not up to normal standard
 - Jon/Ygritte scenes, this is the first time there has been really excellent chemistry between them - both before the climb, and at the top
 - Tywin/Olenna, 'nuff said
292	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	LOL it is so hilarious to see your own smallclothes get into a twist. I know many gay men. I dont like what they are doing with Loras' character either but whinging about it feels pointless. I am optimistic enough to think there will be some expansion on Loras beyond his sexuality once he joins the KG. I hope so anyway. Look, i get being mad about that, but come on.Sansa was gonna try on a freaking dress and was talking to Shae. You see nothing whatsoever. Whine whine whine.Nah, im seeing Peter Dinklage losing his Tyrion Swagger <U+0084>c in favor of a perpetual |:[ face and constant whining about himself. Every conversation he has with someone is all about HIM.They have to show Theon somehow. Having him disappear for that amount of time is just...doesnt make sense for the adaption.Whinging feels pointless? Good for you!!! Keep maintaining that status quo <3 And oh, don't fucking whinge then - and stop whinging about my whinging. If you understand why I'm mad, you'll understand why I won't "come on". I'm offended and I want to make sure that everyone knows why I'm offended.Was the scene necessary? No. Why did we need to see Sansa in her smallclothes? Like seriously... do you not realise how grossly over-sexualised that scene was? They're sexualising a 16 year old girl. Let that sink in.But that is hardly a major character flaw. In the books, Tyrion is a murderer and a rapist, and he also abuses Shae and manipulates her because of his own dellusions. He's a sympathetic character, but he's severely flawed and not in any way a good person.They don't have to show Theon. Having him miss a season and showing him broken next season would have been far stronger, just like in the book.Oh fuck no. Emilia Clarke is one of the weakest actors on the show. When she isnt hamming it up, she feels forced. Shes a lovely scenery chewer and thats what made her Dracarys moment so much fun, but jeezus. Dany's ASoS arc in the show is missing a lot of things that made it something resembling interesting in the book.Kit Harington is by far the worst on the show and yet no one complains that he's given screentime (not even me - I recognise that Jon is an essential character).Daenerys is one of the most popular characters on the show (she'll probably be the MOST popular by the end - Tyrion, Arya and Jon don't have any triumphant moments this season). And her story this season has proven incredibly popular - why do you think episode 5 had such high ratings?You literally just proved my point: Dany's arc is missing something. So why not give her more screentime?
293	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	. I'm offended and I want to make sure that everyone knows why I'm offended.You are offended by everything. A good way to ensure you are not offended again is to stop watching the show if it bothers you so much.Dany's storyline is missing the tension between Arstan and Jorah since the reveal happened. Its missing Strong Belwas. Its missing good interaction between Dany and Missandei. Last week's Dany scene was actually kinda redundant because NOTHING HAPPENED.
					
					
							Edited by Florina Stark, 06 May 2013 - 04:52 PM.
294	ab aeterno	2013-05-06	Sansa is over-sexualised. Why does the show need to over-sexualise a 16 year old girl? And why would Tyrion just barge his way into her room?Probably because Sansa is a hostage of the Crown and he's the King's uncle and the Hand's nephew. The only two people in the room are the hostage he's being ordered to marry and his concubine. She can't stop him from entering, if he'd waited and she had said no he'd have to just go in anyway against her wishes.
295	Talbot	2013-05-06	Because, let's be honest, Theon being tortured by an unknown is more entertaining and intriguing than Dany walking around a desert with nothing to do for an episode.
296	ab aeterno	2013-05-06	Because, let's be honest, Theon being tortured by an unknown is more entertaining and intriguing than Dany walking around a desert with nothing to do for an episode.She's not doing nothing, she's providing a forum for Ser Grandfather and Ser Friendzone to determine who is more dominant. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
297	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	You are offended by everything. A good way to ensure you are not offended again is to stop watching the show if it bothers you so much.Dany's storyline is missing the tension between Arstan and Jorah since the reveal happened. Its missing Strong Belwas. Its missing good interaction between Dany and Missandei. Last week's Dany scene was actually kinda redundant because NOTHING HAPPENED. I'm offended by THINGS THAT ARE OFFENSIVE. Like... is that really so hard for you to work out? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's not a complex idea: things offend me if they're problematic. Nothing happened? It advanced the tension between Barristan and Jorah, and it gave us the incredibly significant scene between Daenerys and Grey Worm.But again, you've proved my point. If you feel that Dany's story is missing good interaction between Dany and Missandei, you're essentially agreeing that we need more scenes between Daenerys and Missandei... which was kinda my whole point in the first place if you go back and check my original post.Probably because Sansa is a hostage of the Crown and he's the King's uncle and the Hand's nephew. The only two people in the room are the hostage he's being ordered to marry and his concubine. She can't stop him from entering, if he'd waited and she had said no he'd have to just go in anyway against her wishes. You don't barge into someone's room and then avert your eyes. There's a REASON people knock on doors. LMAO.
298	Talbot	2013-05-06	She's not doing nothing, she's providing a forum for Ser Grandfather and Ser Friendzone to determine who is more dominant. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Funny thing is, I'd find jorah/Barristan having another badass/war-referenced conversation more entertaining than Dany walking around
299	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	But there is still no Strong Belwas which was the best part of her arc in ASoS. Sad we arent gonna see him shit in the general direction of the Yunkai.
300	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Lol honestly though it was kind of hilarious watching him barge in like an idiot with Shae standing there as she's undressing, given that conversation he and Shae had about Sansa.
I know it's vile and offensive and super misogynistic but it was hilarious.
301	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Lol honestly though it was kind of hilarious watching him barge in like an idiot with Shae standing there as she's undressing, given that conversation he and Shae had about Sansa.I know it's vile and offensive and super misogynistic but it was hilarious./lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
302	ab aeterno	2013-05-06	You don't barge into someone's room and then avert your eyes.But he did...There's a REASON people knock on doors. LMAO.He had a servant announce him, and then entered. Clearly, within the fictional universe of the show, this is acceptable conduct, as none of the characters really object. I mean, Cersei knocked on Tyrion's door, but then threatened to have the Kingsguard break down Tyrion's door if he didn't open it.
					
					
							Edited by ab aeterno, 06 May 2013 - 05:04 PM.
303	Akal Colzet	2013-05-06	Oversexualised? I see more skin on 14-year olds when driving to the gas station.
304	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-05-06	I really really liked the episode.
One thing though, I was not a big fan of Ramsay. Baby talking with Theon was pretty cringing, and I didn't like that it felt like he was a little more crazy, and a little less sadistic than he should be. In my eyes he is a really sadistic asshole, but not particularly "crazy".
But all in all it was really really good, the climbing scenes were PURE gold. So well done.
					
					
							Edited by Jaqen H'gcarl, 06 May 2013 - 05:07 PM.
305	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	Oversexualised? I see more skin on 14-year olds when driving to the gas station.That's what I thought. Her "smallclothes" are basically a full dress. Disney's hannah montana generation in turn have more sexualized clothing than Sansa in that sceneETA- Theon is being flayed while wearing no shirt and I don't see anybody complaining about the oversexualization of Theon's torture
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 06 May 2013 - 05:10 PM.
306	Conchobar	2013-05-06	It was made very clear by Mance that Tormund would lead 20 wildlings over the Wall.Well you can clearly see in or around twenty, maybe more, in one of the trailers, running around the North like a pack of wild gypsies.
307	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	That's what I thought. Her "smallclothes" are basically a full dress. Disney's hannah montana generation in turn have more sexualized clothing than Sansa in that sceneETA- Theon is being flayed while wearing no shirt and I don't see anybody complaining about the oversexualization of Theon's torturehehe right? Especially when it actually looks like hes nude.
308	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	Oversexualised? I see more skin on 14-year olds when driving to the gas station.So you're agreeing with my point? Teenage girls are oversexualised.He had a servant announce him, and then entered. Clearly, within the fictional universe of the show, this is acceptable conduct, as none of the characters really object. I mean, Cersei knocked on Tyrion's door, but then threatened to have the Kingsguard break down Tyrion's door if he didn't open it.I don't think Sansa is in any position to object. And really, you're using Cersei as a guideline for what is considered polite in Westeros?It was a stupid scene. The lines were cringeworthy, and it once again continued the trend of whitewashing Tyrion.ETA- Theon is being flayed while wearing no shirt and I don't see anybody complaining about the oversexualization of Theon's torture1) Theon is not a 16 year old child.2) Theon's scenes are framed in a way to illicit sympathy and shock; in contrast, the Ros scene is textbook male gaze.3) I've complained about the gratuitous and unnecessary nature of Theon's scenes.Stop derailing a valid argument.
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 06 May 2013 - 07:36 PM.
309	ab aeterno	2013-05-06	I don't think Sansa is in any position to object. And really, you're using Cersei as a guideline for what is considered polite in Westeros?It was a stupid scene. The lines were cringeworthy, and it once again continued the trend of whitewashing Tyrion.I never said it was polite, just that it seems to be acceptable, according its portrayal on the show. You asked why would Tyrion do that, and the answer is that he did it because he could. You're saying that it was impolite, and unacceptable for Tyrion to barge into Sansa's room, and that this is clear to the viewer, so how do you maintain that Tyrion is being whitewashed?
					
					
							Edited by ab aeterno, 06 May 2013 - 05:21 PM.
310	Akal Colzet	2013-05-06	I had to rewatch the Sansa scene, I failed to find any oversexualisation. Considering it only showed a pair of shoulders it doesn't take much to top that. The dress of my prom date showed more than Sansas smallclothes.
					
					
							Edited by Akal Colzet, 06 May 2013 - 05:21 PM.
311	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	I see where you're getting at, but technically, Dany can't be a stallion because she has no penis. That's a problem with how the Dothraki interpreted their prophecy. Dany will fulfill it all the same.
312	straits	2013-05-06	That's a problem with how the Dothraki interpreted their prophecy. Dany will fulfill it all the same.You don't think she has a heroic death coming along at some point?
313	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	1) Theon is not a 16 year old child.2) Theon's scenes are framed in a way to illicit sympathy and shock; in contrast, the Ros scene is textbook male gaze.3) I've complained about the gratuitous and unnecessary nature of Theon's scenes.Stop derailing a valid argument.First, read carefully. I was responding in regards to Sansa. I never mentioned Theon. And I mantain my statement. Sansa's "oversexualized small clothes" are basically a dress. They are quite prudish as smallclothes go.Second, from what  read in the Ros thread most people sympathize with her and the ones who don't is not on account of misoginysm or anything like that but rather because they are glad to be rid of a non book character so I don't see what are you getting at.Third, like I said earlier I never brought Theon to the argument. That was you. I actually think his story would have had more impact had the show go about it the way is in the books.What valid argument? That you personally (big emphasis on the word personally) find Sansa's scenes oversexualized?
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 06 May 2013 - 05:30 PM.
314	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-05-06	Does anyone think that show!Dany will be show!Jon's Nissa Nissa? It's something I've been wondering about...
315	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	Does anyone think that show!Dany will be show!Jon's Nissa Nissa? It's something I've been wondering about...I hope not. They are the weakest of the cast. I cringe to think of them working side by side.
316	Cadiva	2013-05-06	I feel like I watched a completely different episode than everyone else saw, one where the QoT did NOT agree to any wedding, and basically told Tywin to go fuck himself, and snapped his quill in two. That's the version I saw, and Tywin and the QoT ROCKED IT.My version also had one of the funniest scenes ever with Jamie trying to cut his meat one-handed, and Brienne finally getting fed up and helping him. OMG HILARIOUS. And could that dress be any uglier? Worst shade of pink ever.The Ice fall on the wall was amazing. I was wondering how they were going to do that.The Meera and Osha rabbit skinning lesson, with Jojen's vision of Jon.Sam and the dragon glass - showing us exactly where he keeps it.Anguy giving Arya an archery lesson.Thoros and Mel trying to out-vagina each other, with Thoros clearly having the strongest, and Mel showing some actual fear. That was awesome.Loved Thoros story of his HOLYFUCKINGSHIT moment of having a direct hand in a miracle via magic, and finding his "faith."Beric telling Mel, "There is no 'Other Side', only darkness.Arya protecting Gendry. Arya not taking shit from Mel. Mel seeing Arya the Assassin. "We will meet again." That's interesting.HFS Ramsey. Non book peeps must be pulling their hair out.The Frey's looking like part of the Monty Python and the Holy Grail inbred idiots who got lost, and ended up in Westeros. HAAAA.Edmure being a selfish idiot, and Bryden being a complete BADASS.I've never seen a show lit so spectacularly.Jamie, "Watching me fail at dinner." HAAAAA! NCW needs an EMMY!Olenna, "Sword swallower through and through."Loras and Sansa talking about weddings, and "fringe sleeves." Hello Liberace.Tyrion sussing out Joffrey tried to have him killed, and once again Cersei cannot give voice to her Bad Seed son.I think Tyrion telling Sansa will play more dramatically than the shock of the book in the long run.I love how the show is showing how Varys and Littlefinger are trying to pull all the strings.I'm sad for Ros, I wanted her to outlive everyone.Sansa realizing once again that fate has shit all over her. How she doesn't turn into a bitter, suicidal crazy woman is a miracle.The top of the Wall set was magnificent.Best lit show on TV, EVER.I don't understand all the hate and whining. Did you all want them to skip this part and have no setup for what's to come?I gave it a seven but still agree with pretty much everything in your summary. It was a really good solid episode with some moments of sheer brilliance - mostly the double headed conversations between the various pairings you've mentioned. It also had a pretty spectacular ending shot and I thought Rose Leslie did a great job in showing Ygritte's stunned shock/appreciation for the "other side" of The Wall.Except for the QoT and Tywin exchange, she agreed to the wedding so that Loras wouldn't be drafted for the Kingsguard /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 06 May 2013 - 05:37 PM.
317	MoAt	2013-05-06	Gave it a 6. Sansa being told she would wed Tyrion by Tyrion himself was so freaking anticlimatic... Why not have it as a surprise like the book, it would also give sophie a great chance to show her good acting skills once more. I was happy to see Tormund finally make some jokes at john. Hated Ros death.I really regret reading the books before this season. I used to enjoy this series so much, but now I can't help myself from comparing it to the book... Sometimes I can't even watch a whole episode because I get bored.I really don't know why people recomend reading before watching. I really don't.I read the books after the first season. So grateful I had the TV cast in my head as I read them. And I'm loving every minute of the series. Just blown away anything this good is on TV.Show Tyrion has more honor and decency than Book Tyrion, that's why he told Sansa.
318	Honourable Ser	2013-05-06	Yeah, Sansa was definitely oversexualised. I hate it when girls show off the tops of their shoulders like that, the filthy harlots. Sarcasm intended by the way, I don't get for a moment what people are on about with it! I didn't even consider it being remotely sexualised when I was watching it.
Great episode, great series!
319	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-06	Not a WOW episode, but it contained powerful scenes. In my opinion, it deserves at least a 7, but I gave it an 8 thanks to some moments I really enjoyed.
320	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-06	I am going to be pretty harsh and go with 4/10.
This episode, especially after the last two, is barely recognizable as ASoIaF or even the GoT show. They have done so much great work adapting the story this season, working with the time and resources they have available to show the broader strokes of characterization, and making changes that are either necessary or that actually add something on their own merit. However, this episode is a total throwaway.
Almost all of the adaptive changes they've made appear totally unnecessary and superfluous. This episode does not treat you like an intelligent person; it smacks you in the head with a brick in order to resolve any questions or subtleties the show's writing may have left in question. Cliches abound and many characters are made more one-dimensional through clumsy characterization. This episode is one of the poorest examples of writing in the whole series, in my opinion.
You see it coming from every angle; Loras is just a silly gay knight who wants to have a pretty wedding and have lots of gay sex with whomever. Tyrion is just a sardonic saint in a bad situation. Littlefinger is the Joker in velvet. Ygritte and Jon are Bonny and Clyde.  
When you put the writing done by D&D in contrast with some of the better writers on the show, it really makes it seem like they just don't have the minds for this type of work. They can't stand having grey characters or leaving questions over which one can ponder and debate. They have done some work on this show that is just so ham-fisted and clumsy that it's almost laughable. I understand that they have to lower the scope and detail of the source material in order to put ASoIaF into one hour TV slots, and do it without totally confusing people. Still, they often make choices which seem so clumsy and convoluted when they could just be keeping it simple, and they could leave some things a little more open without being confusing.
It must be said that I don't abhor all deviations from the books. Some things are handled very well and some even add a new dimension to the story. However, sometimes they change a character's fundamental traits or motivations so much, or change plot points, so that the only way to reconcile the alterations with the greater story becomes a complication in itself. What I see in this episode is that they have basically had to take an entire hour to scramble at making any sense out of some of their greater deviations. They will have to take such measures again in the future thanks to things like revealing point-blank why Tyrion was almost killed in Blackwater, having Melisandre make an inexplicable trip to kidnap Gendry and giving Littlefinger a 'some people just want to watch the world burn' speech.
There were parts in this episode that were done well, but none that stood out. Lord Bolton, Ramsay and Theon are progressing well and I think that their interactions provide some much needed mystery for non book readers. Again, though, I just can't understand why given their already stifling limitations they would spend so much time on other things that are so superfluous and irrelevant.
Overall, this was easily amongst the weakest episodes of the entire series.
					
					
							Edited by Lucifer Lightbringer, 06 May 2013 - 06:24 PM.
321	MoAt	2013-05-06	Sounds to me that you want to be offended by something that isnt there.This is true of the majority of the people who still read these threads.
322	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	This is true of the majority of the people who still read these threads./shrug I guess some people actually enjoy being offended. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
323	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I will echo Lucifer's (oh boy) sentiment that this episode was too much of a handhold even though it's a setup episode. Very little subtlety and it was sort of a "Hey remember this" a few times, but since I'm not a producer or writer perhaps you really need to do those things for the general viewership.
Sam's dagger was the worst offender. Like hey Gilly I found this seemingly useless arrowhead! Everybody pay attention because it becomes important." 
	Spoiler  Just have him stab the Other and later be like oh shit this Dragonglass is the real deal.

					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 06:36 PM.
324	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	/shrugI guess some people actually enjoy being offended. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Yes, I really enjoy being offended. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />ETA: Not worth it.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 06 May 2013 - 06:36 PM.
325	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-06	I will echo Lucifer's (oh boy) sentiment that this episode was too much of a handhold even though it's a setup episode. Very little subtlety and it was sort of a "Hey remember this" a few times, but since I'm not a producer or writer perhaps you really need to do those things for the general viewership.Sam's dagger was the worst offender. Like hey Gilly I found this seemingly useless arrowhead! Everybody pay attention because it becomes important." 
	Spoiler  Just have him stab the Other and later be like oh shit this Dragonglass is the real deal.
I think you've summed up my position much more succinctly than I did /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
326	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Yes, I really enjoy being offended. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Glad you finally admitted it, brah. First step to happiness!
327	Songlian	2013-05-06	7/10 Lowest episode for me, enjoyment wise. Many parts felt like fillers, some of them were so removed from the books I'm a bit puzzled about the direction of those developments, and Ros' death... Well, now I'm just confused about her purpose in this show at all, because her killing was so pointless. Maybe the creators finally got the clue that the fanbase was not supportive of her.
328	mafalda	2013-05-06	I also hate what they're doing with Robb and Cat's arcs. DD spent wayyy too much time in Kings Landing so far. When Cat, who is an actual POV character by the way, gets like one line per episode. It's going to make people not care when the RW happens. I've read so many posts with people saying they're ready for it to go ahead and happen. for the RW being the biggest event of this entire season, they surely aren't doing a good job at showcasing the characters involved in it. They need to lead up to it better.
THEN any scene we do get of the King in the North, Blackfish is always just flailing around being a jerk. Continuously threatening Edmure isn't being a badass. He is being an asshole.
People also say that Bran doesn't get enough scenes, and he doesn't. Stop giving people who don't do much in the books gratuitous three minute scenes. Just skip them that episode and focus on the characters who do have things to do.
329	bbstark	2013-05-06	Lovely episode without Dany about to start nibbling on shit and making bad decisions /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Did anybody else find an imbalance in the scene with LF/Varys?
In the book I was always under the impression that even though they often butted heads, as it were, Varys was the one that came out victorious most of the time? This being due to the fact that he
1. has a much wider network than LF (including across the Narrow Sea) 
2. has real purpose and isn't just a chaos afficionado
3. Varys isn't unnecessarily cruel
Yet in the scene where LF reveals the fate of Ros to Varys, Conleth Hill shows real shock, disbelief and dare I say it, a hint of helplessness ... Was that just me??? 
I have a certain trust in book-Varys, that in spite of his questionable means, he truly believes his ends are noble, and he sees LF for the shit that he is, and wouldn't allow himself to underestimate LF.
That said, there's a couple of issues in the season so far that actually underline the possibility that Varys DID underestimate LF: a eunuch seeking out a whore? (um, suspicious!) and employing Ros to work for him, doublecrossing LF? are we sure we can believe that?
Just worried that they are ruining Varys... the thoughtlessness seems uncharacteristic of him
330	mafalda	2013-05-06	Sorry, I didn't explain myself with Bran well at all, lol. What I mean is he's become filler. Don't give him a pointless three minute scene each episode. Instead, skip over him, focus on the characters who do need the screen time, and give Bran a good strong scene every now and then. But these two minute "dream falling from a tree" and "I skin rabbits better" are almost an insult to his elegant storylines from the books. Save his time for when it's right and when it's needed.
331	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	People also say that Bran doesn't get enough scenes, and he doesn't. Stop giving people who don't do much in the books gratuitous three minute scenes. Just skip them that episode and focus on the characters who do have things to do.Bran and co. do very little from aSoS to aDwD in terms of actual events. They venture around in the wild, save Jon through Summer (Which I think may still happen), meet some creep riding an elk and pass under the wall to hide in a cave so Bran can become a tree. They're just inventing stuff at this point to keep him relevant. Remember the next Season also has aSoS extend into it so there's plenty of time to convey the same things we see in Bran's PoV. The trouble is these invented scenes are pretty dull.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 06:55 PM.
332	A_man_Is_Happy	2013-05-06	They really need to end Theon's torture. Its gotten to highly irritating levels. Simply cant tolerate anymore. Enough torture. Move his story forward or stop showing that shit.  I never liked that whore ROs, a very good riddance. God damn it, show more of Khaleesi and Dragons. I no longer feel for sansa, her misfortune has reached impractical levels. I gave it 7. A lame episode with no power.
					
					
							Edited by A_man_Is_Happy, 06 May 2013 - 06:57 PM.
333	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	I gave it a 6/10 initially, but after sleeping on it I'll regrade it as a 4/10.  Not a good episode, and it sort of brings the whole season down, which has previously been well done.  I liked viewing it, but after watching it and thinking about it, have become annoyed.  Ahh, cynicism.
334	mafalda	2013-05-06	Lovely episode without Dany about to start nibbling on shit and making bad decisions /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Did anybody else find an imbalance in the scene with LF/Varys?In the book I was always under the impression that even though they often butted heads, as it were, Varys was the one that came out victorious most of the time? This being due to the fact that he1. has a much wider network than LF (including across the Narrow Sea)2. has real purpose and isn't just a chaos afficionado3. Varys isn't unnecessarily cruelYet in the scene where LF reveals the fate of Ros to Varys, Conleth Hill shows real shock, disbelief and dare I say it, a hint of helplessness ... Was that just me???I have a certain trust in book-Varys, that in spite of his questionable means, he truly believes his ends are noble, and he sees LF for the shit that he is, and wouldn't allow himself to underestimate LF.That said, there's a couple of issues in the season so far that actually underline the possibility that Varys DID underestimate LF: a eunuch seeking out a whore? (um, suspicious!) and employing Ros to work for him, doublecrossing LF? are we sure we can believe that?Just worried that they are ruining Varys... the thoughtlessness seems uncharacteristic of himI hate that Varys is doing such a poor job at being, well, VARYS! He is the master of whisperers, yet he is caught at every single turn and move he makes.
335	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Lovely episode without Dany about to start nibbling on shit and making bad decisions /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Did anybody else find an imbalance in the scene with LF/Varys?In the book I was always under the impression that even though they often butted heads, as it were, Varys was the one that came out victorious most of the time? This being due to the fact that he1. has a much wider network than LF (including across the Narrow Sea)2. has real purpose and isn't just a chaos afficionado3. Varys isn't unnecessarily cruelYet in the scene where LF reveals the fate of Ros to Varys, Conleth Hill shows real shock, disbelief and dare I say it, a hint of helplessness ... Was that just me???I have a certain trust in book-Varys, that in spite of his questionable means, he truly believes his ends are noble, and he sees LF for the shit that he is, and wouldn't allow himself to underestimate LF.That said, there's a couple of issues in the season so far that actually underline the possibility that Varys DID underestimate LF: a eunuch seeking out a whore? (um, suspicious!) and employing Ros to work for him, doublecrossing LF? are we sure we can believe that?Just worried that they are ruining Varys... the thoughtlessness seems uncharacteristic of himIm such a Varys fangirl that i saw that as Varys playing the role of "oh shit you got me, broseph. Ouch" in order to let Littlefinger think he has the upper hand.I no longer feel for sansa, her misfortune has reached impractical levels.Umm you do realize she faces the same misfortune (if not worse) in the books, right?
					
					
							Edited by Florina Stark, 06 May 2013 - 06:58 PM.
336	MoAt	2013-05-06	Sam's dagger was the worst offender. Like hey Gilly I found this seemingly useless arrowhead! Everybody pay attention because it becomes important." 
	Spoiler  Just have him stab the Other and later be like oh shit this Dragonglass is the real deal.
What else is Sam going to show her, his dick? Sam is grateful to be talking to a GIRL. Sam is grateful he is the ONLY MAN within 100 leagues to be able to talk to said GIRL. Honestly. People look for things to complain about.As for all the Loras whining. Really? Who else in all of Westeros has he EVER been able to talk to about his dream wedding? His sister, or Renley? Doubtful. Sansa is in fact, perfect. The fact he's resigned to his paring with Sansa, and trying at all instead of demanding to be made part of the KG I found particularly sweet. Sansa being overly sexualized because she's fully clothed even in a corset?This is Westeros circo 299 AL, not 2013 Earth. Why project 21st century Earth sensibilities and accepted societal norms onto this fictional universe unless you're purposely looking to be offended and disappointed?
337	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	I also hate what they're doing with Robb and Cat's arcs. DD spent wayyy too much time in Kings Landing so far. When Cat, who is an actual POV character by the way, gets like one line per episode. It's going to make people not care when the RW happens. I've read so many posts with people saying they're ready for it to go ahead and happen. for the RW being the biggest event of this entire season, they surely aren't doing a good job at showcasing the characters involved in it. They need to lead up to it better.THEN any scene we do get of the King in the North, Blackfish is always just flailing around being a jerk. Continuously threatening Edmure isn't being a badass. He is being an asshole.People also say that Bran doesn't get enough scenes, and he doesn't. Stop giving people who don't do much in the books gratuitous three minute scenes. Just skip them that episode and focus on the characters who do have things to do.I agree with everything here except about Bran. I think most of his scenes so far have been useless and boring
338	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	What else is Sam going to show her, his dick? Sam is grateful to be talking to a GIRL. Sam is grateful he is the ONLY MAN within 100 leagues to be able to talk to said GIRL. Honestly. People look for things to complain about.As for all the Loras whining. Really? Who else in all of Westeros has he EVER been able to talk to about his dream wedding? His sister, or Renley? Doubtful. Sansa is in fact, perfect. The fact he's resigned to his paring with Sansa, and trying at all instead of demanding to be made part of the KG I found particularly sweet.Sansa being overly sexualized because she's fully clothed even in a corset?This is Westeros circo 299 AL, not 2013 Earth. Why project 21st century Earth sensibilities and accepted societal norms onto this fictional universe unless you're purposely looking to be offended and disappointed?He doesn't have to show her anything. Why does he have to whip something out? The scene was an example of the writing being a bit weak, since we don't need to have him remind us hey by the way I got this seemingly useless dagger. I like how the show doesn't always spell everything out and lets you connect the dots. So that scene, among others, was a bit weak for me.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 07:07 PM.
339	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But he sang the little children song. I loved that.
340	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-06	Absolute rubbish episode. First time I've been disappointed with the show. Oh well at least the next episode will be better.
341	bbstark	2013-05-06	I hate that Varys is doing such a poor job at being, well, VARYS! He is the master of whisperers, yet he is caught at every single turn and move he makes.Im such a Varys fangirl that i saw that as Varys playing the role of "oh shit you got me, broseph. Ouch" in order to let Littlefinger think he has the upper hand.another Varys fangirl here /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />the only thing is, if that is true. that means he has willingly given up on saving Ros, which isn't quite like Varys, because we are led to believe he protects his birds.He is obviously not all-powerful, and he even told Ned AND Tyrion he'd sell them out if his life was on the line. I guess I'm wondering why not provide the same fine-print in his contract with Ros?  She's not important enough? or not smart enough, and could botch his plans pretty bad...?I hope the point of that scene wasn't "poor little Varys didn't know"... I hope it was "go ahead, pound your chest LF, we'll see who'll have the last laugh"
					
					
							Edited by bbstark, 06 May 2013 - 07:20 PM.
342	TheNorthReigns	2013-05-06	A good episode, not great, a solid 8.  Like some have said before, setting up for the final 3 episodes, wow this season is just flying by compared to season 2, which seemed to drag to me.  Except for Dany, I believe everybody else was in this episode, which means a lot of stories got only one scene like Bran's, but at least Rickon got in a couple of lines. Robb's meeting with the Frey's, and Jaime and Brienne's supper with Roose.  And just a minor complaint about the season in general, what happened to the direwolves?  Except for a few scenes earlier on, just have not seen them too often, especially Grey Wind.
343	bbstark	2013-05-06	Oh and I can't believe people hated the Kiss on the Wall...
It's supposed to provide contrast to the gruesome death of Ros you've just seen... death is followed up by life, a hope, a new day!
I can't think of a better way to follow up that scene /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
344	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	another Varys fangirl here /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />the only thing is, if that is true. that means he has willingly given up on saving Ros, which isn't quite like Varys, because we are led to believe he protects his birds.He is obviously not all-powerful, and he even told Ned AND Tyrion he'd sell them out if his life was on the line. I guess I'm wondering why not provide the same fine-print in his contract with Ros?  She's not important enough? or not smart enough, and could botch his plans pretty bad...?I hope the point of that scene wasn't "poor little Varys didn't know"... I hope it was "go ahead, pound your chest LF, we'll see who'll have the last laugh" I'm sorry but how does Varys protect "his birds"? He has them mutilated and forces them to spy on his behalf. That isn't protecting.
345	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	A good episode, not great, a solid 8.  Like some have said before, setting up for the final 3 episodes, wow this season is just flying by compared to season 2, which seemed to drag to me.  Except for Dany, I believe everybody else was in this episode, which means a lot of stories got only one scene like Bran's, but at least Rickon got in a couple of lines. Robb's meeting with the Frey's, and Jaime and Brienne's supper with Roose.  And just a minor complaint about the season in general, what happened to the direwolves?  Except for a few scenes earlier on, just have not seen them too often, especially Grey Wind.I think he had more lines than Cat... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
346	ipsuel	2013-05-06	I rated it a 6. Definitely my least fave of what is really turning out to be a great season. It felt like it was made from a completely different team. I actually liked the Mel/Thoros bit (I really thought I was gonna hate it--but I liked it). I'm loving Thoros! Love Blackfish and Edmure (who I still just see as Brutus from Rome). I *always* love Tywin, Tyrion, Jaime, Arya and this episode was no different -- plus, it had my new favorite, Roose Bolton. So yeah, loved those parts. I never liked Ros so that whole thing is no biggie to me. I really am not loving the Cersei/Joffrey changes but I can accept them both as TV needs vs book needs. Peter's speech was um... overdone, just 'eh to me... but the one thing that really irked me this episode was Loras. It was just ridiculous. Yeah, we get it, he's gay... I don't need him discussing gowns and decorations, etc. Overall, still enjoyed it -- just not nearly as much as the first 5.
347	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Cat is a 1 dimensional character. Most people just know her as 'the mom'. She's far more interesting as a vindictive zombie bitch.
348	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	Gave it a 7. Loved small parts of it, but overall an episode of filler.
349	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	Cat is a 1 dimensional character. Most people just know her as 'the mom'. She's far more interesting as a vindictive zombie bitch.That is just so not true I actually laughed loudly in real life at how absurd this is. 1 dimensional my arse.
350	ipsuel	2013-05-06	Oh and I can't believe people hated the Kiss on the Wall...It's supposed to provide contrast to the gruesome death of Ros you've just seen... death is followed up by life, a hope, a new day!I can't think of a better way to follow up that scene /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Count me in as someone who hated the kiss on the wall... I swear, my first thought was, "Damn, this looks like the final scene on Two Towers" -- bad cgi done in an overly corny way. We don't need corny. One thing I love about Westeros/GoT is that we don't need corny. It doesn't work for me within the realism they strive so hard for.
351	bbstark	2013-05-06	I'm sorry but how does Varys protect "his birds"? He has them mutilated and forces them to spy on his behalf. That isn't protecting.I said "we are led to believe", and I was referring to show-Varys, not book-Varys. I believe just a few pages earlier we all agreed that the book and show are different. I don't recall any mutilation of his birds being mentioned in the show. Come to think of it, I don't recall where he mutilates them in the book, and would appreciate a quote more than the hostility /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
352	Minsc	2013-05-06	Cat is a 1 dimensional character. Most people just know her as 'the mom'. She's far more interesting as a vindictive zombie bitch.Maybe, on the show but she is extremely more complex within the books.6 or 7
353	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	I said "we are led to believe", and I was referring to show-Varys, not book-Varys. I believe just a few pages earlier we all agreed that the book and show are different. I don't recall any mutilation of his birds being mentioned in the show. Come to think of it, I don't recall where he mutilates them in the book, and would appreciate a quote more than the hostility /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He has their tongues removed. I don't remember exactly when this was confirmed, but I believe it's at least mentioned in the conversation he has with Illyrio in AGoT. Illyrio says "if they kept their tongues..." and Varys replies with "the risk". I believe it's also implied that he kills them when they're no longer useful (i.e. no longer children).
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 06 May 2013 - 07:34 PM.
354	bbstark	2013-05-06	Count me in as someone who hated the kiss on the wall... I swear, my first thought was, "Damn, this looks like the final scene on Two Towers" -- bad cgi done in an overly corny way. We don't need corny.One thing I love about Westeros/GoT is that we don't need corny. It doesn't work for me within the realism they strive so hard for.I don't know dude.... if I had just survived climbing a 700 foot wall of ice, and lived to tell the tale... the FIRST thought in my head would be an affirmation that I"m alive, Kissing my Boyfriend is pretty much up there in the top #3 (maybe top #2) life affirming things to do /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not corny, but extremely significant...Seriously, people are misinterpreting everythign from this episode! They called the Meera/Osha conflict a cat fight! If it had been a crannogman and a wildling man, they would have understood the difference /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
355	Reposado	2013-05-06	better than anything weve seen this year.
its actually mindboggling that the same people that built this episode ok'd the structural mess that was the first two episodes,
356	MoAt	2013-05-06	I don't know dude.... if I had just survived climbing a 700 foot wall of ice, and lived to tell the tale... the FIRST thought in my head would be an affirmation that I"m alive, Kissing my Boyfriend is pretty much up there in the top #3 (maybe top #2) life affirming things to do /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not corny, but extremely significant...Seriously, people are misinterpreting everythign from this episode! They called the Meera/Osha conflict a cat fight! If it had been a crannogman and a wildling man, they would have understood the difference /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
357	ipsuel	2013-05-06	I don't know dude.... if I had just survived climbing a 700 foot wall of ice, and lived to tell the tale... the FIRST thought in my head would be an affirmation that I"m alive, Kissing my Boyfriend is pretty much up there in the top #3 (maybe top #2) life affirming things to do /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not corny, but extremely significant...Seriously, people are misinterpreting everythign from this episode! They called the Meera/Osha conflict a cat fight! If it had been a crannogman and a wildling man, they would have understood the difference /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I don't think I'm misinterpreting it at all. I think it's my opinion that it was cheese. The pan-out, the kiss -- to me, it was 100% corn.Don't get me wrong, I love these two together... and I get the character motivation for the kiss. However, what I saw wasn't some amazing, life-affirming passionate kiss... I saw the same kiss I see in every other show.Hell, grope a little, pull her hair, whatever... I'm just saying to me, it was standard fare, not the above-par I've come to expect from GoT.(ETA: maybe there was some passion that I missed, but in that case--it couldn't have been very passionate *to me* if it didn't even register ;-))
					
					
							Edited by ipsuel, 06 May 2013 - 07:43 PM.
358	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	I don't know dude.... if I had just survived climbing a 700 foot wall of ice, and lived to tell the tale... the FIRST thought in my head would be an affirmation that I"m alive, Kissing my Boyfriend is pretty much up there in the top #3 (maybe top #2) life affirming things to do /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not corny, but extremely significant...Seriously, people are misinterpreting everythign from this episode! They called the Meera/Osha conflict a cat fight! If it had been a crannogman and a wildling man, they would have understood the difference /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I saw the Meera and Osha thing as two people who are used to leading their charges so to speak butting heads over who was more efficient. I didnt even look at their genders because, it doesnt matter what lies between their legs. They are people having a disagreement. Also agree with the Wall. I found it sweet.
359	bbstark	2013-05-06	Hell, grope a little, pull her hair, whatever... I'm just saying to me, it was standard fare, not the above-par I've come to expect from GoT.(ETA: maybe there was some passion that I missed, but in that case--it couldn't have been very passionate *to me* if it didn't even register ;-)) /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />alright, we are definitely agreeing to disagree on this one... I got the chills and the goosebumps /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />  and it was glorious!I saw the Meera and Osha thing as two people who are used to leading their charges so to speak butting heads over who was more efficient. I didnt even look at their genders because, it doesnt matter what lies between their legs. They are people having a disagreement.that debacle happened in another thread /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> and yes you're right about the leadership thing, absolutely! Both Meera and Osha are used to being the bawss/el jefe /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> it's kinda hard to give inalso, I think there was a cultural war going on: wildling vs. *southerner*I mean yeah, Osha calls the boys "little lords" but they are her boys! She's had influence over them, she isn't just protective of them, she takes a certain pride on them. I noticed so much snide in her when she called Meera "Lady Reed" I was cracking up! some people were saying that it was 1. a petty fight 2. boring 3. a stereotype because women were "in the kitchen" preparing food for the men while getting into a fight over who can do it better /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />Nobody said anything about Hodor /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> but he Hodor-ed with distinction!Also agree with the Wall. I found it sweet./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by bbstark, 06 May 2013 - 07:50 PM.
360	ipsuel	2013-05-06	I saw the Meera and Osha thing as two people who are used to leading their charges so to speak butting heads over who was more efficient. I didnt even look at their genders because, it doesnt matter what lies between their legs. They are people having a disagreement.Also agree with the Wall. I found it sweet.I saw the Osha/Meera thing as alpha-female positioning... feeling each other out... nothing as dramatic as a cat-fight. LOL. I enjoyed that scene actually.
361	ipsuel	2013-05-06	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />alright, we are definitely agreeing to disagree on this one... I got the chills and the goosebumps /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />  and it was glorious!Well, that makes me happy actually -- the more people who are loving what they're doing, the better! I really, really, *really* want this show to stick around for many more years :-)
362	MoAt	2013-05-06	He doesn't have to show her anything. Why does he have to whip something out? The scene was an example of the writing being a bit weak, since we don't need to have him remind us hey by the way I got this seemingly useless dagger. I like how the show doesn't always spell everything out and lets you connect the dots. So that scene, among others, was a bit weak for me.So I guess Sam, who is the Union Steward of the Don Juan/James Bond Professional Women Charmers Association of of Westeros<U+0084>c and has all that talking to girls experience and all, should just blow her away with his wit, and charm, am I right?Just because you read the books and know what's coming, doesn't mean Show Sam took a piece of dragonglass. We didn't know that until this episode. We also didn't know how easily accessible it is, and that part is important, otherwise everyone would be whining about Where The Hell did he pull that from??? When did he get that??? WTF??? WAAAAAAAH x <U+009E> when we get The Slayer.
363	Swan Targ	2013-05-06	5.
I'm just not feeling the relationship between Jon and Yggrite. It's just blah to me.
I think they're just doing that so when she dies it will be overly dramatic.
Pretty much all scenes besides Tywin/QoT and LF/Varys scenes were boring.
364	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	The final scene of the show romanticised the Wall; the corresponding scene in the books reaffirmed why the Wall was so problematic and also strengthened Ygritte as a character. The show scene is very bland in comparison.
As for the Osha/Meera fighting... They had no problems whatsoever during their time together in ACoK. Instead, they both worked together to help keep themselves and the rest of the group alive. It was a far more interesting dynamic than the rivalry they have in the show.
365	bbstark	2013-05-06	I saw the Osha/Meera thing as alpha-female positioning... feeling each other out... nothing as dramatic as a cat-fight. LOL. I enjoyed that scene actually.It wasn't a cat fight, it was a  cultural fight. Osha doesn't trust them because for her they are "southerners" who have held up a knife to her throat the first time they met ...and Bran reminds her that she did the same to him. Meera doesn't trust Osha, because she's a holier-than-thou wildling /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I thought this was brilliantly done.
366	Skoboe	2013-05-06	I gave it a 9; less visually "wow" but a lot more thought-provoking than Eps 1-5.
A lot of set-ups...not just for upcoming episodes, but for upcoming seasons! The Arya/Mel conversation may not make sense for a couple of years. Osha and Meera did not travel together in the books, so the tension between the two could be creative license, or it could be a lead-in to the group splitting up.
Arya the Archer I hear some people say? Well, it's one thing to write about a pre-pubescent girl who becomes a sword-weilding prodigy...but another thing to train a teenage girl to give realistic sword fighting scenes later on. It's just my opinion, but having her use a bow gives the same result in the end.
One thing's for sure; next week is going to be a cracker!
367	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	I saw the Osha/Meera thing as alpha-female positioning... feeling each other out... nothing as dramatic as a cat-fight. LOL. I enjoyed that scene actually.I thought the Olenna and Tywin scene was similar due to both characters feeling each other out like that. But you dont see any complaining about how sexist that is, do you? lolIm starting to think that to some people, there are no "right" ways to portray women. :/
368	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-05-06	I didn't like it much... They claimed that Loras was the heir to Highgarden... no mention of Garlan or Willas. I'm starting to hate the QOT arrogance. IMO she didn't feature that much in the book (only as much as oberyn IMO) and her role is being over exaggerated a little. I didn't mind the whole Gendry thing, I thought it was a smart idea in replacement for Edric Storm (another character to confuse the viewers), however again Arya is starting to annoy me a bit with her antics... someone gag her already. Mel talking to Arya about the 'darkness within her' was good as well in replacement of the old lady on the hill. I'm Still perplexed as to how they are going to solve the whole Tormund going over the wall. He is one of my favorite characters and his portrayal has been great in the TV show. Also only 4 managed to get over the wall (from what we saw) so unless they make more come over later than i am wondering how the battle of castle black will happen. So many changes in this episode IMO and flaws in story's so i didn't like it much
369	Elder Sister	2013-05-06	I understand that they have to set the stage for all of the action that's to follow, but last night's episode was just clunky and stilted in so many places.  The Ramsay/Theon scenes were overwrought, overlong, and about thirty seconds into it, I was over it.  
Loras goes from being a proud, skilled warrior to prattling about brooches and wedding gowns.  I was so,so disgusted by that.  As if his character hasn't been twisted enough as it is.  I scarcely recognize him.
Having said all that, it's still my favorite TV night of the week.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
370	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	QoT almost flirting with tywin was ugh
371	bbstark	2013-05-06	I thought the Olenna and Tywin scene was similar due to both characters feeling each other out like that. But you dont see any complaining about how sexist that is, do you? lolIm starting to think that to some people, there are no "right" ways to portray women. :/omg, so much snark in that scene! Also  Highgarden pretty much just became the San Francisco of Westeros (QoT: buggery? no problem!) loll(btw. love your homage to E-ro, and the Sad Stannis avatar /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> )
372	Buster52	2013-05-06	Hated it. Hated hated hated.
Once again they weaken Cersei (who is a true bada** in the book) by giving credit to idiot Joffrey for trying to kill Tyrion. And it is clear Mel is going to fry poor Gendry, who is in the running as one of the dragon riders in my book. Hope he is now, so the series writers will have to pull a Bobby on Dallas. And talk talk talk talk talk... ick.
Did I mention I hated it?
373	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	QoT almost flirting with tywin was ughI hardly consider THAT flirting. O.o
374	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Hated it. Hated hated hated.Once again they weaken Cersei (who is a true bada** in the book) by giving credit to idiot Joffrey for trying to kill Tyrion. And it is clear Mel is going to fry poor Gendry, who is in the running as one of the dragon riders in my book. Hope he is now, so the series writers will have to pull a Bobby on Dallas. And talk talk talk talk talk... ick.Did I mention I hated it?Cersei... badass?
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 06 May 2013 - 08:08 PM.
375	ipsuel	2013-05-06	I thought the Olenna and Tywin scene was similar due to both characters feeling each other out like that. But you dont see any complaining about how sexist that is, do you? lolIm starting to think that to some people, there are no "right" ways to portray women. :/I actually agree with this -- I don't think I came off as genderist -- but if I did, it was unintentional. I really saw what would be a normal/expected (and minor) clash under the circumstances.
376	ipsuel	2013-05-06	<snip>  Loras goes from being a proud, skilled warrior to prattling about brooches and wedding gowns.  I was so,so disgusted by that.  As if his character hasn't been twisted enough as it is.  I scarcely recognize him.Having said all that, it's still my favorite TV night of the week.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Amen! /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
377	Swan Targ	2013-05-06	If people are so bothered with sexism, they should just stay away from A Song of Ice and Fire.
378	Swan Targ	2013-05-06	Someone needs to tell HBO that we understood already that Loras is gay.
379	bbstark	2013-05-06	If people are so bothered with sexism, they should just stay away from A Song of Ice and Fire.Oh no...sexism is great! That's why we read ASOIAF /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />would you like to rephrase that?
380	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	The world of ASOIAF is heavily based on a male dominated society is what he meant.
381	bbstark	2013-05-06	Look I know what he meant... I do have something quite reliable between my ears.
So is Mad Men, a show where both men and women are potrayed in a society that heavily favors men. A society hostile to women.
What I DON'T understand is why he assumed that someone reading ASOIAF must a priori be ok with sexism? We are at liberty to discuss those themes, and disagree at how women are treated in Westeros. Moreover GRRM actually identifies as a feminist, and strives to write rich female characters, who if I do say so myself, thrive in a world hostile to them. 
Also, a statement like that can't possibly end well. Cut it out!
382	alwayswinter	2013-05-06	And it is clear Mel is going to fry poor GendryReally?! You don't think he's taking Edric's role from the books, to be saved from Mel by Davos? I thought this seemed pretty clear.
383	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-06	The world of ASOIAF is heavily based on a male dominated society is what he meant.True, but it serves as a thoughtful inquiry into the merits of such a system, whereas the show is interpreted completely through the lens of the run of the mill modern patriarchy that media and advertising hold so dear. Which, in my eyes, is chiefly wrong in the context of this kind of entertainment because it is just so trite and boring.
384	Swan Targ	2013-05-06	Look I know what he meant... I do have something quite reliable between my ears.So is Mad Men, a show where both men and women are potrayed in a society that heavily favors men. A society hostile to women.What I DON'T understand is why he assumed that someone reading ASOIAF must a priori be ok with sexism? We are at liberty to discuss those themes, and disagree at how women are treated in Westeros. Moreover GRRM actually identifies as a feminist, and strives to write rich female characters, who if I do say so myself, thrive in a world hostile to them.Also, a statement like that can't possibly end well. Cut it out!You don't have to be ok with sexismBut complaining that something in ASOIAF is sexist it's stupid to me. Of course it's gonna be sexist.
385	Not Benjen Stark	2013-05-06	I loved the interactions between Tyrion/ Cersei- Olenna/Tywin  Varys/ LF and they even did this Theon scene well as gruesome and depressing as it is: Despite all this I went with  a 6/7 because it lacked the action of a Daenarys section and failed to mention Galbart Glovers blunder at Duskendale and I didn't like the cheesiness of the way they packed Gendry off
386	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-06	You don't have to be ok with sexismBut complaining that something in ASOIAF is sexist it's stupid to me. Of course it's gonna be sexist.Like I said above, there is a pretty big difference between unflinchingly and objectively portraying a society that is repressive to women, and telling a story in a way that is repressive and demeaning in itself.
387	Leto Atreides	2013-05-06	I gave it a 5. Really poor episode compared to the previous ones. I liked Ramsay Bolton and the scenes at the wall. Everything else was meh. Melisandre, Stannis' red priest, dressed in bright Red, crossed the Crownlands or the Trident during wartime with an escort of Stannis Baratheon's men? Tyrion blaming Joffrey instead of Cersei from the assassination attempt? Come on, he has never been so clueless. I guess Ros' death is a good thing though.
388	Freebird6699	2013-05-06	I actually rather liked this episode, so it gets an 8 rating from me.  To me, it was much stronger than episode 2, and a bit stronger than episode 1.  Sure, it was a bit of a let down compared to the past two episode, but still, this is a vast improvement over pretty much every episode in Season 2, with the exception of the Blackwater episode.What worked for me:Lady Olenna/Lord Tywin - For all the folks who were getting disgruntled with the QoT owning everyone that she conversed with, we a have scene where each player held his/her own.  Great acting as usual from Charles Dance and Diana Rigg.Tyrion/Cersei - A bit of a new dynamic shown in this normally totally antagonistic relationship.  I guess misery makes for some strange bedfellows.  I really liked this scene, and both Peter Dinklage and Lena Headey acquitted themselves quite well.Thoros/anyone-everyone - I am also really enjoying Paul Kaye' take on Thoros.  He totally dominates every scene that he's in.Jon/wildings - I thought that the climb sequences were pretty well executed, and that Tormund was a bit more in keeping with the Tormund from the books.  I also think that these sequences helped to advance the Jon Snow/Ygritte relationship a bit further into the realm of believability.  Orell sucks pretty hard, though....Littlefinger/Varys - I always like to see these two characters interacting, and Littlefinger was especially chilling.  His character has not been done justice thus far this season (and I say this as someone who doesn't even care for the character to any great extent), but I thought that the final scene was a big step in the right direction.Jaime/Brienne/Roose - Not a show-stopping scene, but something about this one was both amusing and creepy to me all at the same time.  Roose telling Jaime that he "overplayed his.......position"  I was yelling "hand" during the pause.  I also like the "failing at dinner" line from Jaime.What didn't work for me:I guess that I'm in the minority here, but I really didn't like the Ramsay/Theon scene.  I hate torture sequences to begin with, and things just seemed to go on forever.  Please, please tell me that we are not going to have two full seasons for Theon getting tortured by Ramsay.Arya the master archer - Just WTF???  Since when is Arya some super wunderkind with the bow and arrow??Jojen has a seizure - Again, WTF??  Are they mixing his character up with Robert Aryn (I mean Robin Aryn)??Meera/Osha antagonism -- Why, why is this necessary?Beric selling Gendry to Mel - Totally not in keeping with Berric and the BWB.  May have been the most disappointing sequence of the episode to me.Ros - Okay, I was never a fan, but man, that was a pretty shitty way for her character to have gone out. I couldn't agree with you more and one other thing.  Since when has Arya not become physical in a situation like this?  She really likes Gendry and he is all the family she has had for awhile.  Just to let them take him without any kind of a fight is very untrue to her character.  I think the meeting with her and Mel has more to do with the prophecy of the old tree woman. I think these eye colors are referring to the people she has killed, or will. I also don't quite understand how Mel could find the Brothers so quickly.  Hasn't the Mountain been looking for them all this time?
389	Swan Targ	2013-05-06	Did I miss something but how did Melissandre know Gendry is Robert's bastard?
Wasn't like a huge kept secret to everyone even Arya?
She came in as if she knew he was there and what he looked like.
390	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Cersei... badass?Right?I actually agree with this -- I don't think I came off as genderist -- but if I did, it was unintentional. I really saw what would be a normal/expected (and minor) clash under the circumstances.Oh no, i wasnt referring to you. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Like I said above, there is a pretty big difference between unflinchingly and objectively portraying a society that is repressive to women, and telling a story in a way that is repressive and demeaning in itself.Bolded, which is what GRRM is NOT doing. I cannot actively speak for HBO though.Swan Targ. R'hllor did it? /shrug Im guessing she saw it in the fires.
					
					
							Edited by Florina Stark, 06 May 2013 - 08:34 PM.
391	bbstark	2013-05-06	You don't have to be ok with sexismBut complaining that something in ASOIAF is sexist it's stupid to me. Of course it's gonna be sexist.lolyou're obviously new herePeople dissect every line of text, and analyze it over and over again, chew on it for monthsIf you can't handle that, and accuse people on forums, then maybe you shouldn't ....well who am I to tell you what to do /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
392	Er Rn	2013-05-06	Did I miss something but how did Melissandre know Gendry is Robert's bastard?Wasn't like a huge kept secret to everyone even Arya?She came in as if she knew he was there and what he looked like.She saw it in the flames I believe
393	Lothar	2013-05-06	I will echo Lucifer's (oh boy) sentiment that this episode was too much of a handhold even though it's a setup episode. Very little subtlety and it was sort of a "Hey remember this" a few times, but since I'm not a producer or writer perhaps you really need to do those things for the general viewership.Of course you do.  I can't tell you how many friends and coworkers asked me questions about episodes 4 and 5.  They were so confused.  One of the main reasons I would say this episode was sooo much better written than the episodes before it actually helped the viewer out and because they slowed everything down/allowed viewers time to think.  Episode 5 seemed like it was written just for people that read the books.  As was the first appearance of Beric in Episode 4.  The scene was so short and rushed.  They should have explained more about why Ned sent them to kill the mountain and how he was in a position to do that because I doubt most non-book readers instantly remembered that scene from Season 1 from that one sentence of Beric's.  (Perhaps if there was a little break from the serious dialogue and people were allowed to think)If a show gives viewers an endless amount of characters to keep track of, sometimes exaggerated characters and handholding are needed.  I appreciate the "Hey remember this" parts as it saves me from having to answer questions the next day at work.
					
					
							Edited by Lothar, 06 May 2013 - 09:13 PM.
394	Howie Reed	2013-05-06	Gentry for Edric will be difficult to rationalize by book 8 and season 14. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I think we will get our witch, yet. 
This is really compelling TV.
I gave it an 8, 4 all u h8rs.
Need a reason to break up the band and send Rickon to Skagos- so I think the bickering was good. Can't believe it will be 6 or more seasons before we see hot OSHA and 4 year old Rickon again.
Littlefinger is being built up into a real devil.  Love it.
Finish the books, George.
395	House Balstroko	2013-05-06	A weak episode compared to the previous ones but it still had a few good scenes, probably a 6 for me.
Good:
-Theon torture scene
-Jon scaling the wall
-Olenna and Tywin
-Jaime and Brienne with Roose
-The Freys with Robb
Bad:
-Bran's arc was dull
-Sam and Gilly at the campfire (although hopefully its a set up for the encounter with the White Walker)
-Melisandre taking Gendry 
-Sansa and Loras
396	House Dawson	2013-05-06	http://thenerdybomb....ones-the-climb/I really liked this episode. Thought the invented scene with Melissandre and the BroCave was a stroke of genius. Interested to see where they go with Gendry's storyline though.
397	Lyanna Stark-Baratheon	2013-05-06	I gave it a 4 just b/c of Ramsey Snow....nothing else stood out.There are toooooo many deviations. WTF is up with the red woman in Riverrun.... is Gengry suppose to sub for Edric Storm?  why is LF leaving? Is he coming back for her or is he going to send Sir Dontos? Why is Robb begging Edmure? I hated this episode  I was waiting for the high to come down, and here it has, hopefully we will get a good hit next week.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark-Baratheon, 06 May 2013 - 11:28 PM.
398	Gendels Children	2013-05-06	wow people dont seem very impressed, i loved it! 10. Tywin and Olenna was great, Sam and Gilly was good, J&Y was good ithink we needed a bit more on thoes two and their relationship. Ramsay and Theon was great, im happy they are actually having him beg for the limbs to be cut off. the Arya and Mel stuff was new but very good i felt. the climbing of the wall was great, i enjoyed the drama.the osha and meera stuff was a little much but quite funny. the awkwardness between Loras and Sansa was a little over played, poor Loras's character is being slaughted in the tv show oh well. Ros dying was good, i was wondering where the hell they would be going with her storyline and im happy its ended. Tyrion and Cercei was quite funny both sooking about their new marrages-to-be. the whole make out scene was a little too... i dont even know but it was too much, still not as bad as it could have been. Jaime and Bri was good i really liked their scene with Roose, and putting her in the dress too, very nice. all in all i liked it alot!
399	Nudu	2013-05-06	A 9! One point is off because Ygritte and Jon's last scene.
400	Lyanna Stark-Baratheon	2013-05-06	Finish the books, George.Yes Please!!!
401	Kenyatta	2013-05-06	I gave it a 7. I was going to give it a 6 but Littlefinger's "the climb" monologue at the end saved it. I didn't like the show going off the rails with Mellisandre kidnapping Gendry. I was kinda looking forward to the leeches. Well, we can't have everything I guess.
402	Kenyatta	2013-05-07	Gave it a 7. I really enjoy Paul Kaye as Thoros of Myr. RIP RosI agree. I didn't know who the actor was before this season but Thoros is quickly becoming one my favorite characters. I gotta admit, as annoying as Ros was, she was getting hotter by the episode. Plus, she got naked alot.
403	Ambria	2013-05-07	10/10 from me.
There just wasn't one scene I disliked.
I normally don't like Sansa and Jon scenes very much, but both were exceptionally well done this episode.
Especially the Jon one, it blew me away.
404	Words of Winter	2013-05-07	I am going to be pretty harsh and go with 4/10.This episode, especially after the last two, is barely recognizable as ASoIaF or even the GoT show. They have done so much great work adapting the story this season, working with the time and resources they have available to show the broader strokes of characterization, and making changes that are either necessary or that actually add something on their own merit. However, this episode is a total throwaway.Almost all of the adaptive changes they've made appear totally unnecessary and superfluous. This episode does not treat you like an intelligent person; it smacks you in the head with a brick in order to resolve any questions or subtleties the show's writing may have left in question. Cliches abound and many characters are made more one-dimensional through clumsy characterization. This episode is one of the poorest examples of writing in the whole series, in my opinion.You see it coming from every angle; Loras is just a silly gay knight who wants to have a pretty wedding and have lots of gay sex with whomever. Tyrion is just a sardonic saint in a bad situation. Littlefinger is the Joker in velvet. Ygritte and Jon are Bonny and Clyde.  When you put the writing done by D&D in contrast with some of the better writers on the show, it really makes it seem like they just don't have the minds for this type of work. They can't stand having grey characters or leaving questions over which one can ponder and debate. They have done some work on this show that is just so ham-fisted and clumsy that it's almost laughable. I understand that they have to lower the scope and detail of the source material in order to put ASoIaF into one hour TV slots, and do it without totally confusing people. Still, they often make choices which seem so clumsy and convoluted when they could just be keeping it simple, and they could leave some things a little more open without being confusing.It must be said that I don't abhor all deviations from the books. Some things are handled very well and some even add a new dimension to the story. However, sometimes they change a character's fundamental traits or motivations so much, or change plot points, so that the only way to reconcile the alterations with the greater story becomes a complication in itself. What I see in this episode is that they have basically had to take an entire hour to scramble at making any sense out of some of their greater deviations. They will have to take such measures again in the future thanks to things like revealing point-blank why Tyrion was almost killed in Blackwater, having Melisandre make an inexplicable trip to kidnap Gendry and giving Littlefinger a 'some people just want to watch the world burn' speech.There were parts in this episode that were done well, but none that stood out. Lord Bolton, Ramsay and Theon are progressing well and I think that their interactions provide some much needed mystery for non book readers. Again, though, I just can't understand why given their already stifling limitations they would spend so much time on other things that are so superfluous and irrelevant.Overall, this was easily amongst the weakest episodes of the entire series. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   I agree with everything you said.  I too gave it a four.  It's not the changes to the story so much that bother me, although they do a little, it is the poorly written substitute.  If the quality was the same as the dialogue from the books, then it wouldn't bother me so much.  The constant Loras/Renly treatment is so cliche and it lowers the whole episode.  The cheesy ending was so badly done I expected little birds to flutter around them and have Ygritte break out in song.  And to those who thought the snow/wall looked realistic, I have lived both in sub arctic climates and mountainous regions.  It looked like styrofoam.  Looking a it, I can tell they were on a set with a green screen background.   Look at that snow versus the snow in the scenes taken in Iceland.   One is natural, the other is high school prop design.
405	Demandred	2013-05-07	I've been pretty pleased with the season thus far. Have yet to really be disappointed yet in most respects other than Robb's storyline. 
I'd give this episode an 8 as it was littered with great moments. From dinner at the Boltons to the climb at the wall to The Boy frakking with Theon to the Brotherhood and Melisandre and the brilliant final scene. I'm always left wanting more. Bring on next week!
406	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	6/10 I didn't like the episode that much. Maybe the episode is not that bad, maybe it just feels like that after last weeks episode, which was great. But I think it wasn't very well-written. I didn't even like Petyr's speech. Don't exactly know why. Too deep for me, maybe? but oh well, bright side is: next weeks episode is GRRM's! and after this one, it's gonna be great!!!
For reference:
Ep1: 7
Ep2: 7
Ep3: 8
Ep4: 8
Ep5: 9
Ep6: 6 I was hoping this one would be another 9 /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
407	Hear me Meow	2013-05-07	I'm over getting annoyed about changes, and I've given up on some stories, so I'm enjoying this season a lot so far..That said I'm only giving it a 5/10.The best bits were the Harrenhal scene with Jaime/Brienne and Roose, and Robb's negotiation with the Freys. I really like their version of Edmure. I wish the Blackfish would stop being such a bully though. The Sam scene was quite good and I didn't dislike the Meera/Osha thing like most people did.Sadly there was way too much wall in this one, and that's always bad because Kit sucks something fierce. The 'aren't you' line had me creasing when I saw the promo and it was just as funny in the episode too.The other bad thing was the fact the writing was really very poor for the Tywin/Olenna scene. They were both being colossally stupid and it was very implausible in my opinion. It looked like it was two experienced players going at each other but if you thought it through it just fell apart.Aiden Gillen was awful as usual, he had a very boring monologue. Sansa has been made very stupid with the 'will my family be invited' line too. The brotherhood wasn't bad though, I didn't mind that change too much.Overall despite some good scenes not enough that was interesting and some quite poor writing. 
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Deciduous, 07 May 2013 - 06:46 AM.
408	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Well, that was a pretty bad episode, especially compared to last week.  I gave it a 5.  It was saved from pure oblivion by Thoros, LF climb monologue and Roose Bolton really hitting the quiet menance mark in his scene with Jamie and Brienne.  Everything else was fairly well terrible, especially Osha and the Reeds, truly, truly cringe worthy.
409	Hound Dog	2013-05-07	Aiden Gillen was awful as usual, he had a very boring monologue. Ahh, yes! Didn't know who this actor by his name at first, so I had to Google Image him first.. Littlefinger. I don't like him as Littlefinger either, but for me, I think it's more the depiction of him that bothers me more than the actor himself. The scenes between LF and Varys bother me quite a bit because every single one is the same: flirty and hostile and a flowery song of nah-nah, I know more than you do! What would've been wrong with having Varys and LF interact with and manipulate characters directly to their faces, the way they do in the books? They would be so much more effective that way, in my opinion. Though I read somewhere yesterday in one of these threads that someone said the general public is stupid and TV needs to be "dumbed down" for them and I couldn't agree more with that. How unfortunate. Two characters whose mystery and intrigue don't really come off the screen for me nearly as much as they did in the books.You also said Kit sucks something fierce. Yuuuuuup.
410	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-07	Though I read somewhere yesterday in one of these threads that someone said the general public is stupid and TV needs to be "dumbed down" for them and I couldn't agree more with that. How unfortunate. Two characters whose mystery and intrigue don't really come off the screen for me nearly as much as they did in the books.You're being a little too harsh. Try watching a show with so many intricate stories, such as GoT, for the first time, without knowing what is going to happen and only being aware of some of the main characters. This dialogue between LF and Varys was actually one of the scenes the non-readers liked, as far as I know. That's because it settled an important confrontation between the two in a short time span. Having them playing the game would take a very long time, which in the book can be described in a chapter.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 07 May 2013 - 07:51 AM.
411	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-07	1/10 from me and I gave the last 5 episodes between 7-10.
The whole episode was just a confusing mess. Badly written and needlessly cluttered with way to many scenes. They have the source material but instead of simplifying it for TV they feel the need to chuck it into a blender and pull plots at random from it. I really hope this is the only low point for the season because the other episodes have been amazing.
412	Hound Dog	2013-05-07	You're being a little too harsh. Try watching a show with so many intricate stories, such as GoT, for the first time, without knowing what is going to happen and only being aware of some of the main characters. This dialogue between LF and Varys was actually one of the scenes the non-readers liked, as far as I know. That's because it settled an important confrontation between the two in a short time span. Having them playing the game would take a very long time, which in the book can be described in a chapter.Perhaps that was a little harsh. Oh well... that's what disappointment will do to you. Some episodes are great, don't get me wrong! Anyway, so you wouldn't agree that the show's been dumbed down quite a bit?  I know what you mean, though. My non-reader friends absolutely love the scenes between LF and Varys. Me personally, and as a reader, I don't like them all that much. I mean, the writers spend so much time on shit scenes that don't even happen in the books, so why can't they have used that time instead to have LF or Varys interacting with a main character? Why have these long intricate scenes with bloody Ros, may she burn in seven hells, plotting with them, when they could've so easily had them had them interacting with real characters instead? That's where my disappointment comes in, thus resulting in my "harshness". You don't need to throw it in the faces of viewers that LF and Varys have secrets and are crafty and sneaky.... the majority of people aren't that stupid and could figure it out on their own that these two guys have a little more going on in their motives than anyone knows. At least that's how I feel about it. :-/
413	Tagganaro	2013-05-07	I can't believe people didn't like this episode.  I thought it was another really good one.  3 straight.  The wall-climbing scenes were absolutely epic, and as cliche as Jon/Ygritte could be in the books the show has really made it work, mainly through Rose Leslie's fantastic acting.  Really amazing job with that whole Jon scene.  ETA:  I gave the episode a 7 btw, though it was between a 7 and 8 for me.  It seems that was what most votes went for.
Giving Tywin/Olenna a scene together was brilliant and awesome.  Likewise, I liked Tyrion/Cersei together basically commiserating over everything.  
The Boltons are doing an awesome job being trolls.  Roose has finally started to be the awesome witticism machine and super troll we all love from the books.  I loved his "Haven't you learned not to overplay your.......situation by now Jaime?"
I have to disagree on Aidan Gillen being bad.  He's absolutely PERFECT as a creepy, smarmy slimeball Littlefinger.  He just has this perfect smirk that he plays that makes you loathe him.  I think he's done great as LF.  
My only real 2 complaints are about Sansa's ridiculously stupid question about bringing her family to the wedding ("Yes Sansa, of course you can bring your family who is now currently rebelling against and killing your husband's family's soldiers and allies"), and Melisandre magically being able to travel to and find the BWB in the middle of the freaking war even though they're supposed to be in hiding and impossible to find and half of Tywin's army is searching nonstop for them.  But I did like the Arya/Mel faceoff and foreshadowing and the look of wonder on Mel's face and jealousy that the drunken Thoros could do stuff she couldn't.
					
					
							Edited by Tagganaro, 07 May 2013 - 10:20 AM.
414	Lord Snide	2013-05-07	solid ep , 8 out of 10
wondrrful that there's still a lot of places to go and people to kill.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Snide, 07 May 2013 - 10:35 AM.
415	Ran	2013-05-07	With 630 votes in, the episode rates 7.30 of 10 now. Gone down a little bit since the last tally.
(I often find this to be the case with all the episodes, though -- with time to mull it over, later voters seem to like them just a little bit less well than early voters).
416	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-07	8
I dont see why it is getting such bad reviews on this forum (most review sights seem to like it).
The climb, ramsey, roose, tullys and even sam were all really enjoyable. Not as good as the previous three, but not terrible by any stretch of the imagination.
Also, with the whole "worst episode of the series" stuff, what avout episode 2 and 8 of last season? I swear NOTHING happened in those two.
					
					
							Edited by Rabid Grunt, 07 May 2013 - 12:53 PM.
417	Diehard_si	2013-05-07	6
Worst episode of the series. Don't even think I'll bother watching it again. Didn't like Mel turning up for Gendry and the Meera and Osha scene was pointless. 
 Wall climb was great tho.
418	awearyman the wanderer	2013-05-07	for as excited as the producers said they were about getting to this season, they sure are making a mess of it. 
The story lines have all been incoherent and jumbled. The characters seem to be just floating about in a world without any true convictions. Every other scene has a character showing an expression of disbelief that is becoming a comical motif in my mind. I'm starting to fear that they may destroy the series with this season.
419	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-07	I gave it an 8, started to give it a 7
While this episode deviated from the books in basically every scene, I still found it an enjoyable episode all around.
 I thought the Theon scene was great. I, like many others, favored Cillian Murphy for the role of the Bastard, but I have to admit that Iwan Rheon has been perfectly cast. He takes crazy to another level IMO.
 Tywin/Olenna had some great dialogue, not that I would expect any less from either of the characters. 
 I thought Ros' death was horrific and a sharp reminder that Joffrey is a evil, sadistic prick (not that anyone could forget I guess).
 Poor Sansa. Just poor, poor Sansa
 The only low point to me in the episode was the Osha/Meera/Bran/Jojen scene. I just don't get why Jojen is having a seizure nor why there is so much animosity between Osha and Meera.
 Gendry being sold to Mel bothers me too. He was freaking knighted in the books, now it appears that wont be happening. 
 Still, I enjoyed it overall
420	Frey Pentos	2013-05-07	I gave it a 7. Not enjoying Jon Snow/The North story much but felt the same about the books. The scenes in KL are superb though. The Lannisters are stealing the show this season. Joffrey back to be being a sicko. Littlefinger/Varys was a spine tingler.
421	gordonah	2013-05-07	7 from me. First time I've dipped below 8 this series. There were some good scenes (especially the Queen of Thorns and Tywin) and some nice touches, but nothing that jumped out at me.
	Spoiler 
I'm not a book purist (i.e. series must match books), but I found myself thrown by the turn in the Gendry storyline, never having previously been bothered by variances large and small.
It could be a sign I've spent too much time reading the forums here, but I think may be I'm trying to link it back to the impact on the book, and had formed the idea he was somehow important to the plot (assuming here the GRRM has some comment on story deviations to make sure it doesn't contradict with his end game).
422	Marillon	2013-05-07	5.I'm just not feeling the relationship between Jon and Yggrite. It's just blah to me.I think they're just doing that so when she dies it will be overly dramatic.Pretty much all scenes besides Tywin/QoT and LF/Varys scenes were boring. Agree with everything. Especially the Jon-Ygritterelationship, though I've always found it tedious and annoying in the books too, so I wasn't expecting much to change for me and that mountaintop kissing scene /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
423	Definitely Mayhaps	2013-05-07	6/10A big solid MEH this one. I sometimes don't know why I bother watching the show anymore, when episodes like this come along. I'm sum up the good and the bad uglyGood- Olenna/Tywin; I enjoyed this exchange a lot, mostly due to the performances of Dance and Rigg, two of the UK's best actors. Certainly loved how Olenna spoke to Tywin that way, it seemed tense due to how casually she hinted at things to a man you would do best not to get on the bad side of.- The first Jon/Ygritte scene - It was actually well acted on the Jon side for once and it struck fairly true to the books in delivering the flawed relationship they share. I really liked it.- Robb's scene - Apart from the BF acting a right goon, pretty good indeed. Also Cat got a line! I cheered when she spoke; never thought I would say that this season but that was before the enormous cock-up that is the TV Cat.The rest- Osha/Meera - I don't have to explain this one. Awful. Completely detracting from the Bran story (and by what Bran said in this scene, he literally knows it). Not even a befuddled 'Hodor?' from Hodor could save this one.- The Wall Climb - First sign of the Jon/Ygritte love story being overplayed. Decent effects of the Wall 'defending itself' but otherwise another resounding meh.- Tyrion - Every damn scene with him in over the last couple of episodes has been boring, boring and more boring. I don't care about book changes, a few new Bronn/Pod scenes would not go amiss for pure popcorn entertainment value! Why aren't they furthering the development of Bronn? Also, Tyrion telling Sansa (and even worse off-screen) was a huge NOPE from me. As was Sansa's reaction. She has supposedly toughened up at this stage, why is she bloody bawling as if Ned has just been beheaded??- 'The Arya One' - Oh boy. Do not even get me started on this. First time I cringed at the acting from the Arya actress. The 'you are a witch' made me facepalm, Mel playing a poor Ghost of High Heart was plain weird and strangely OOC, and the whole fact about the brotherhood exchanging Gendry for gold. I mean, if you had a bloody brain cell between yourselves, you would find that a SMITH can generate GOLD through his CRAFT so you can fund your purpose. Easily one of the worst scenes to date, up there with Dany from Season 2. I'm serious.- Ros dying - I actually liked Ros as a character and she was becoming a lot more established in the story. But working for both Varys and Baelish is bound to get you killed one way and another, they are ruthless individuals after all. Also, Joff killed her? That's a vital part of his character thrown out the window there! And stop making him even more of dick than he is, please!- Ramsay - Loving him (creepy I know) and Theon is fantastic as always, but I don't really want to see the torture happen IMHO. What happened in the books was left more to the imagination of the reader and that in a way was a hell of a lot more disturbing.- The ending scene - It was just as bad as the Aragorn/Arwen kiss at the end of ROTK. And just as painful to watch.
					
					
							Edited by Definitely Mayhaps, 07 May 2013 - 02:33 PM.
424	greensleeves	2013-05-07	7 from me.
It was just a bit off for me.  I don't like how they're handling Sansa and Tyrion.  I'm not a big fan of the Gendry stuff so far, but we'll see where it goes.  I didn't understand how Tywin could force Loras into the king's guard.  I liked the end scene with Jon and Ygritte on the Wall, but I'm cheesy like that...
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 07 May 2013 - 04:21 PM.
425	SpringIsComing	2013-05-07	First timer here, but I thought I'd weigh in on this. I liked this episode because it effectively served it's purpose in teeing up the final events of S3. Exposition is a necessary evil and the developments we've seen here should flow nicely to the final few episodes. I'm a bit of a book purist and don't like "change for change sake" (i.e. Yara/Asha) but I also have liked what they're doing here on many fronts:- Building the Ygritte/Jon relationship and topping it with the "top of the world" shot: Readers know what will happen, but viewers will be truly unsure of which way this will play out. Will Jon honor his duty or his feelings for Ygritte?-Torture: Everything that we're seeing on screen happened in the book story. The only difference is that we didn't get any POV on it and only saw a post-transition "Rheon". By the time we get his POV's in ADWD he's already been flayed and amputated. Showing this happen should give viewers (and readers) an even better perspective on the character arc. - Tyrion: They're continuing to give him motive for killing Joffrey. Sir Meryn is one piece, but Tyrion has a soft spot for whores. I wonder if we'll see him get angry about the way Ros was "dismissed"- Sam: I liked how he's being portrayed. I find him (lovably) infuriating in the books and his TV scenes give me the same feeling. I thought we see a Slayer moment with the way they shot it and that added some nice suspense to me. I'm' sure we'll see more of that obsidian dagger in the next episode or two. - BwB: This seems perfectly consistent story-telling to me. Gendry has not been knighted yet, and as such is not officially part of the BwB. Arya is being ransomed because she's worth something. Gendry wasn't worth a ransom until Mel showed up. Add in the Red God aspect and it makes 100% perfect sense that they'd cash in on Gendry.- Arya: I really liked that Arya had a sort of instinctive distrust of Mel. The Lord of Light seems to represent "life" and Arya said her only god is "death" (nice foreshadowing). - Dinner: The subtle growth of the relationship between Brienne and Jaime was well executed. Brienne with the knife and then with the fork were both really nicely done. Roose Bolton is sufficiently creepy and isn't tipping his hand on the Lannister alliance in the conversation. -Bran: GRRM has stated that Bran is the hardest character for him to write and we don't see many chapters telling his story. I like the creation of tension between Meera/Osha as a starting point for a parting of ways. I'm guessing we'll see a split either based on a Jojen green dream or after a night at Queenscrown (Osha simply won't agree to going over the wall). Overall: 8/10 for me. Every episode can't (and shouldn't) be an explosion of action. Need to climb the rollercoaster before you can hit the big twists and turns. PS. Is this the first episode to be nudity-free? If so, there might be some 4th-wall symbolism with Ros's method of death (e.g. we only had her on to add an excuse for T&A and now we don't need that gratuity any more)
426	JohnFlint1985	2013-05-07	It was not the best episode. I didn't like the fact that Loras was made the only son. Kind of changes a lot in the plot I think.
427	Serr Parker	2013-05-07	Gave it an 8, more build than I would have liked and too much from characters I couldn't care less about. I understand why we need to catch up with Sam and Bran but why haven't we caught up with Davos and Bronn. Enjoyed it though, and as I've said for the last 5 episodes, bring on the next
428	Hornblowa	2013-05-07	It was not the best episode. I didn't like the fact that Loras was made the only son. Kind of changes a lot in the plot I think.I understand why they made this change from a television perspective, but I was still looking forward to Tyrion's interactions with Garlan.  Ah well, maybe some other character will be given a few of Garlan's bits.
429	drm7	2013-05-07	I gave it a "high 6." I went with the flow of "hey this is a setup episode" until the WAY overdone Wall scenes. The special effects were very good, but the whole "catching Ygritte with my free arm while holding my entire bodyweight with an ice pick," started it all downhill. The climax on top of the Wall had promise, but was   SO melodramatic! Ugh! 
I liked the exchange between Mel and Thoros and Mel and Arya. The High Valarian (sp?) was a nice touch - helps the non-book readers make a connection between Westeros and Essos.
I imagined the showrunners thinking "we have to get Tywin and Olenna in a room together!" Diana Rigg makes everything look so easy.
I saw mixed reviews of the Roose/Jaime/Brienne scene, but I liked it. A nice blend of physical comedy and psychological dueling.
The two Frey stooges at Riverrun reminded me of Monty Python characters. 
Sam/Gilly was OK, but it introduced the dragonglass well. 
Jojen's "vision" was way overdone.
430	alexislalas	2013-05-07	Definitely the worst episode so far. Didn't like that some key plot scenes from the book were completely changed.
431	Zar Lannister	2013-05-07	Hated it. Hated hated hated.Once again they weaken Cersei (who is a true bada** in the book) by giving credit to idiot Joffrey for trying to kill Tyrion. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> to me, this was a sensible change; the orchestration of sending a KG to kill the HotK is not exactly cunning. An impulsive attack. It sets Cersei up for confirmation bias against Tyrion, which may play off better with her upcoming lunacy.And it is clear Mel is going to fry poor Gendry, who is in the running as one of the dragon riders in my book. Not really? I feel Gendry inherited book Edric and is being shipped to Dragonstone for similar reasons Edric was there. Setup to possibly interact with Davos.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 07 May 2013 - 10:57 PM.
432	Nictarion	2013-05-07	Definitely the worst episode so far. Didn't like that some key plot scenes from the book were completely changed.I have seen several people say this. I couldn't disagree more. This episode was better than every episode of season two, with the exception of "What is dead may never die" and "Blackwater".
433	The hairy bear	2013-05-08	I have seen several people say this. I couldn't disagree more. This episode was better than every episode of season two, with the exception of "What is dead may never die" and "Blackwater".I think that most people that "The Climb" is the worst episode are referring only to season 3.IMO, The Climb was stronger than 3x01, and on par with 3x02. But some steps down from the last three episodes. And still, as you say, stronger than some of S2 that remains the lowest point of the series.
434	Sun	2013-05-08	I have seen several people say this. I couldn't disagree more. This episode was better than every episode of season two, with the exception of "What is dead may never die" and "Blackwater".You're right that S2 was dismal, but I think people are taking in relation to S3 here.
435	jotabe1789	2013-05-08	I thought i had noticed some serious deviation between the opinion of the posters and the people who voted on the poll. Turns out i was wrong...For the mathematically minded:[img]http://i.imgur.com/nY7HcaF.png[/img]There is a bias of around half a point, but seeing how the standard deviation is over 1, the bias is quite small.Though i have to say that many of the 7s in the posters data are actually 6s with +1 due to Ross' death /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> (correcting this would have had almost no effect on the gaussian, though, the mean would from 7.21 to 7.16 and the standard deviation from 1.13 to 1.23).OT: For me this was the best episode of the season. 9 out of 10.Ross fan here, i definitely felt bad for her. But it was a powerful image to remind me that Joffrey isn't tamed at all, as the later episodes might have lulled us into believing. Olena finds a worthy adversary. LF being LF. Jon Snow being Jon Snow. And what was for me the best scene, Arya and Mel. Now that's foreshadowing.I like the dynamic they are building between the Blackfish and the little fish (can't help it, that's how he will be in my mind forever, after seeing him in the show... he didn't look like such a goof in the novels).
					
					
							Edited by jotabe1789, 08 May 2013 - 06:16 AM.
436	Ran	2013-05-08	Westeros.org ratings as of May 8, 2013:
Season 1
Episode 1: 8.31 (of 229 votes) | ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*0)+(4*1)+(5*4)+(6*15)+(7*38)+(8*60)+(9*68)+(10*43))/229
Episode 2: 8.17 (of 269 votes) | ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*0)+(4*2)+(5*3)+(6*17)+(7*39)+(8*98)+(9*84)+(10*26))/269
Episode 3: 7.87 (of 235 votes) | ((1*1)+(2*0)+(3*1)+(4*6)+(5*4)+(6*15)+(7*52)+(8*76)+(9*61)+(10*19))/235 
Episode 4: 7.99 (of 278 votes) | ((1*1)+(2*2)+(3*6)+(4*3)+(5*9)+(6*24)+(7*37)+(8*67)+(9*89)+(10*40))/278
Episode 5: 8.64 (of 264 votes) | ((1*0)+(2*2)+(3*4)+(4*3)+(5*1)+(6*6)+(7*23)+(8*48)+(9*103)+(10*74))/264
Episode 6: 8.80 (of 234 votes) | ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*3)+(4*3)+(5*2)+(6*6)+(7*12)+(8*37)+(9*98)+(10*73))/234
Episode 7: 8.12 (of 228 votes) | ((1*1)+(2*1)+(3*1)+(4*7)+(5*7)+(6*13)+(7*33)+(8*55)+(9*66)+(10*44))/228
Episode 8: 9.04 (of 269 votes) | ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*0)+(4*1)+(5*4)+(6*5)+(7*13)+(8*47)+(9*80)+(10*119))/269
Episode 9: 8.77 (of 352 votes) | ((1*2)+(2*4)+(3*2)+(4*4)+(5*11)+(6*13)+(7*18)+(8*45)+(9*93)+(10*160))/352
Episode 10: 9.32 (of 382 votes) | ((1*1)+(2*0)+(3*2)+(4*24)+(5*2)+(6*6)+(7*11)+(8*51)+(9*135)+(10*171))/382
Average: 8.50
Season 2
Episode 1: 7.57 (of 565 votes) | ((1*2)+(2*0)+(3*8)+(4*7)+(5*30)+(6*43)+(7*146)+(8*193)+(9*92)+(10*42))/565
Episode 2: 7.07 (of 391 votes) | ((1*7)+(2*5)+(3*10)+(4*12)+(5*27)+(6*50)+(7*97)+(8*101)+(9*61)+(10*20))/391
Episode 3: 8.55 (of 431 votes) | ((1*1)+(2*2)+(3*3)+(4*1)+(5*5)+(6*17)+(7*33)+(8*102)+(9*176)+(10*91))/431
Episode 4: 7.7 (of 418 votes) | ((1*5)+(2*3)+(3*10)+(4*8)+(5*19)+(6*34)+(7*68)+(8*119)+(9*101)+(10*51))/418
Episode 5: 8.25 (of 409 votes) | ((1*2)+(2*1)+(3*3)+(4*5)+(5*12)+(6*17)+(7*50)+(8*109)+(9*142)+(10*68))/409
Episode 6: 8.11 (of 435 votes)| ((1*2)+(2*7)+(3*9)+(4*11)+(5*16)+(6*21)+(7*42)+(8*84)+(9*140)+(10*101))/435
Episode 7: 7.87 (of 399 votes) | ((1*5)+(2*8)+(3*9)+(4*7)+(5*13)+(6*22)+(7*52)+(8*107)+(9*113)+(10*63))/399
Episode 8: 7.3 (of 390 votes) | ((1*5)+(2*5)+(3*10)+(4*15)+(5*18)+(6*45)+(7*87)+(8*104)+(9*69)+(10*32))/390
Episode 9: 9.5 (of 714 votes) | ((1*2)+(2*0)+(3*5)+(4*3)+(5*2)+(6*8)+(7*15)+(8*28)+(9*122)+(10*527))/714
Episode 10: 7.6 (of 899 votes) | ((1*18)+(2*14)+(3*23)+(4*32)+(5*46)+(6*72)+(7*111)+(8*192)+(9*231)+(10*155))/899
Average: 7.95
Season 3
Episode 1: 7.58 (of 753 votes) | ((1*2)+(2*3)+(3*3)+(4*17)+(5*26)+(6*67)+(7*182)+(8*286)+(9*123)+(10*42))/753
Episode 2: 7.64 (of 637 votes) | ((1*6)+(2*8)+(3*7)+(4*13)+(5*20)+(6*50)+(7*144)+(8*191)+(9*141)+(10*57))/637
Episode 3: 8.41 (of 668 votes) | ((1*4)+(2*1)+(3*4)+(4*6)+(5*16)+(6*10)+(7*69)+(8*178)+(9*270)+(10*110))/668
Episode 4: 9.22 (of 797 votes) | ((1*0)+(2*1)+(3*0)+(4*2)+(5*2)+(6*12)+(7*25)+(8*102)+(9*264)+(10*389))/797
Episode 5: 8.81 (of 642 votes) | ((1*2)+(2*0)+(3*2)+(4*1)+(5*7)+(6*13)+(7*32)+(8*133)+(9*274)+(10*178))/642
Episode 6: 7.32 (of 661 votes)| ((1*6)+(2*9)+(3*8)+(4*19)+(5*35)+(6*78)+(7*163)+(8*205)+(9*89)+(10*49))/661
Average to date: 8.16 | (7.58+7.64+7.32+8.41+9.22+8.81)/6
Series average to date (26 episodes): 8.21 (8.31+8.17+7.87+7.99+8.64+8.8+8.12+9.04+8.77+9.32+7.57+7.07+8.55+7.7+8.25+8.11+7.87+7.3+9.5+7.6+7.58+7.64+8.41+9.22+8.81+7.32)/26
437	Scruff	2013-05-08	First time Irish poster here, keen to become active in the community. Without commenting on the overall episode, I've written my own analysis of the closing monologue and Chaos Theory within the Seven Kingdoms and beyond. You can check it out here if you wish. Hope to get to know you all from here =D http://thedailyshift...interpretation/
We also posted an entire review of the show Monday evening if you enjoy our articles
					
					
							Edited by Scruff, 08 May 2013 - 06:27 AM.
438	Hound Dog	2013-05-08	- The Wall Climb - First sign of the Jon/Ygritte love story being overplayed. Decent effects of the Wall 'defending itself' but otherwise another resounding meh.Also, Joff killed her? That's a vital part of his character thrown out the window there! And stop making him even more of dick than he is, please!- Ramsay - Loving him (creepy I know) and Theon is fantastic as always, but I don't really want to see the torture happen IMHO. What happened in the books was left more to the imagination of the reader and that in a way was a hell of a lot more disturbing.I agreed with pretty much all of your post, just didn't want to quote it all or comment on everything. The Jon/Ygritte climb scene: When he shouted "Take my hand!!!" (shudder) all I could think about was Rocky in that terrible movie Cliffhanger. I don't even know if that was a line in that movie, but gods was it awful, and so was that cheesy moment.Joffrey killing Ros: exactly. Everyone knows he's a little asshole. Everyone knows he's evil. You don't need to remind people by having him casually murdering whores. Reaching. The torture scenes: Agree that leaving it to the imagination is much scarier than actually seeing it. Enough is enough. That scene was way too long. And I do not like it how playful and cute Ramsay is acting. In the books I despised him every time he was even mentioned... hated him way more than I ever hated Joffrey... When Theon was trying to escape I was so bloody nervous for him in the books because Ramsay is so cruel and no-nonsense evil. This guy's like a little toy doll who likes playing games and hurting you for getting the wrong answer. Still mean, but I'm not scared of him. I wish they kept true to the books on this and just let Theon appear as Reek, a broken soul. People would've been like "WTF!" Ah well.Sometimes I don't know why I watch the show because it drives me so nuts, but then I remember that it's still GoT and it's something "new" while waiting for the next book.
439	Dove	2013-05-08	Rated 7/10, thought it was a decent episode with some really standout scenes (Thoros, Arya and Mel, "Boy" showing his true colors, dinner with ~Roose~) and some that fell flat for me. (i.e. most of King's Landing, although I enjoyed the Varys/LF scene.)Sam/Gilly and Jon/Ygritte stuff was pretty cute, liked Bran and co., and I really enjoyed the wildlings. My highlight of the Jon story wasn't even the climbing, it was seeing Tormund get some characterization besides GRUMPY FACE >:[As mentioned, didn't like the King's Landing stuff except for the parting monologue/montage for the same reasons others have stated. A lot of it just felt oddly off-kilter, even the much-awaited QoT/Tywin convo. The Ros reveal was powerful and affecting as hell, though, and I'm glad they did it the way they did instead of a scene of her actually getting shot up or something.I guess I can see the complaints of the Theon scene being overlong but I enjoyed it - well, as much as you can enjoy this kind of stuff. The flaying was really hard to watch if you're a weenie like me, but it's supposed to be. It was absolutely brutal without necessarily being too excessive on the gore front, and it was at least a little necessary to make certain connections in peoples' eyes. "Boy" was great/horrible/weirdly funny and instantly memorable.Wish they'd better utilize Cat in general during the Robb scenes.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 08 May 2013 - 07:19 AM.
440	miguel sanchez	2013-05-08	Hmm, thanks for posting those stats, Ran!
I voted for eps 1-6 this season: 7, 8, 8, 9, 9, 7, which corresponds pretty well with the averages the forum got. Last season I dished out 3 6's though, haven't given a 6 yet in season 3, and probably won't.
The last 4 episodes should all be awesome, so much great material there to get through.
...Then there's next season (!!)
441	Arrow	2013-05-08	After viewing the episode again, I've decided that the line I would most have liked to hear would be, "Now that I've saved your life, could you stop ridiculing me?" - Jon Snow
442	Isildur's Mane	2013-05-08	I gave it an 8 but it is really a 7.5 (I was being nice)
There were parts I liked and parts that were just...there and a part or 2 that I didn't like - but other than that OK... but not great.
443	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	why is everyone so shocked the bwb would sell or ransome gendry?? in the books they were going to ransome arya to robb. only issue i see with giving up gendry is that he is a skilled smith.
not surprised by LF' rage at ros for betraying him. 
solid 8
444	Ran	2013-05-08	In the show, he's been welcomed into their brotherhood, and then they sell him out. That's pretty low. Arya was never part of the brotherhood, OTOH. And while they're looking to profit, they're taking her to where she wants to be, whereas it's clear that Gendry doesn't want to go with Melisandre.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 May 2013 - 09:32 AM.
445	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	In the show, he's been welcomed into their brotherhood, and then they sell him out. That's pretty low. Arya was never part of the brotherhood, OTOH. And while they're looking to profit, they're taking her to where she wants to be, whereas it's clear that Gendry doesn't want to go with Melisandre.true, but...arya is the sister to the king in the north and the daughter of the man who sent them on their mission to begin with. gendry is...just gendry
446	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	In the show, he's been welcomed into their brotherhood, and then they sell him out. That's pretty low. Arya was never part of the brotherhood, OTOH. And while they're looking to profit, they're taking her to where she wants to be, whereas it's clear that Gendry doesn't want to go with Melisandre.They also tell her in the books that should something go wrong with the plan to ransom her back to her family that they ensure her safety, either by sending her back to Dondarien's castle or back to Lady Smallwood....there is no comparing it with letting Mel take Gendry by force all tied up in the back of a wagon.
447	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	They also tell her in the books that should something go wrong with the plan to ransom her back to her family that they ensure her safety, either by sending her back to Dondarien's castle or back to Lady Smallwood....there is no comparing it with letting Mel take Gendry by force all tied up in the back of a wagon.creepy red lady comes into camp talking valyrian to thoros, slinging around lots o cash. brothers gotta eat...easy decision to let have em..
448	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	creepy red lady comes into camp talking valyrian to thoros, slinging around lots o cash. brothers gotta eat...easy decision to let have em..Not much of a brotherhood then is it?  Wouldn't be inspiring much loyalty if they will sell each other out?  Makes them nothing more than a band of outlaws.
449	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	Not much of a brotherhood then is it?  Wouldn't be inspiring much loyalty if they will sell each other out?  Makes them nothing more than a band of outlaws.what makes them "brothers"?? any evidence or behavior aside from basic survival skills?? the only good i see them doing is killing freys in future episodes.they are just a bunch of outlaws...no loyalty to north or south..
450	Ran	2013-05-08	gendry is...just gendryThey say they're brothers. They're a brotherhood. They protect one another, and they strive to protect the realm as best they can. Their loyalty is to the Seven Kingdoms. I mean, you can understand why these men follow Beric -- he has become egalitarian, he has shared knighthood with them, he's given them a common cause and he has made the greatest of them no better than the least. That's pretty amazing.On the show, they really seemed to be going there, but this episode kind of just kills that.Why couldn't they have Melisandre just convince, seduce, or lie to Gendry to make him come of his own free will? I don't really get it. Arya could even still blame Beric for letting Gendry leave, so it's not really a need to create Arya-BwB conflict, I think.
451	The hairy bear	2013-05-08	true, but...arya is the sister to the king in the north and the daughter of the man who sent them on their mission to begin with.gendry is...just gendryPrecisely, the core philosophy of the brotherhood without banners is the defense of the commoners. They defend the smallfolk from both lions and wolves, and are motivated by the principles of equalty and honor. Not only that, the commoners heplp and shelter them, so, why are them in so dire need of money that they are selling they own people?Nonsense. They have been reduced to a bunch of bandits with no honor that kidnap and steal for a living.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 08 May 2013 - 09:58 AM.
452	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	what makes them "brothers"?? any evidence or behavior aside from basic survival skills?? the only good i see them doing is killing freys in future episodes.they are just a bunch of outlaws...no loyalty to north or south..In the book Beric knights them, they fight on behalf of the smallfolk, they try and hang war criminals from both sides, they attempt to mitigate the starvation and destruction caused by the war to the peasants, that's why when members die, new people join to replace them and why the smallfolk hide, protect and supply them.  They ransom the highborn and use the money to help the peasants, not to enrich themselves.I think they call themselves the Brotherhood without Banners because they lost the King's banner when first ambushed by the Mountain.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 08 May 2013 - 10:02 AM.
453	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	They ransom the highborn and use the money to help the peasants, not to enrich themselves.
I think they call themselves the Brotherhood without Banners because they lost the King's banner when first ambushed by the Mountain.
thus the ransome of roberts bastard ...was it ok when arya was on the hit list??
454	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	They say they're brothers. They're a brotherhood. They protect one another, and they strive to protect the realm as best they can. Their loyalty is to the Seven Kingdoms. I mean, you can understand why these men follow Beric -- he has become egalitarian, he has shared knighthood with them, he's given them a common cause and he has made the greatest of them no better than the least. That's pretty amazing.On the show, they really seemed to be going there, but this episode kind of just kills that.Why couldn't they have Melisandre just convince, seduce, or lie to Gendry to make him come of his own free will? I don't really get it. Arya could even still blame Beric for letting Gendry leave, so it's not really a need to create Arya-BwB conflict, I think.that would have worked also storywise,  but same result....gendry = gold.
455	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	They ransom the highborn and use the money to help the peasants, not to enrich themselves.I think they call themselves the Brotherhood without Banners because they lost the King's banner when first ambushed by the Mountain.thus the ransome of roberts bastard ...was it ok when arya was on the hit list??They aren't ransoming him back to his family though are they?  They SOLD him to Red Dress against his will, so there is no parallel, and he wanted to join the brotherhood so there is a betrayal there as well.
456	phoenix_rising	2013-05-08	They aren't ransoming him back to his family though are they?  They SOLD him to Red Dress against his will, so there is no parallel, and he wanted to join the brotherhood so there is a betrayal there as well.ransomed him to his uncle....stannis
457	Ran	2013-05-08	An uncle he doesn't know, and it's not clear they've been told he's related to Stannis, and in any case, again, it's clear their "brother" did not want to go.
It's a very, very different situation from the Arya thing.
458	The Monkey	2013-05-08	So we are discussing the morality of the Brotherhood Without Banners? The same organization that soon will hang teenagers without cause under the leadership of UnCat... I don't think its member constitute the pinnacle of ethical behaviour, so this doesn't seem like such a stretch.
459	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	So we are discussing the morality of the Brotherhood Without Banners? The same organization that soon will hang teenagers without cause under the leadership of UnCat... I don't think its member constitute the pinnacle of ethical behaviour, so this doesn't seem like such a stretch.Well, no one gets hung, there is plenty of circumstantial evidence against the "teenage" soldier and the brotherhood is currently not under the leadership of Lady Stoneheart but of Lord Beric, so what was your point again?
460	Not-a-Weirwood-Tree	2013-05-08	It's a shame the bwb in the show wasn't as 'brotherly' as in the book, but the reason that they let sold Gendry out was because Gendry is replacing Edric Storm in the show. It sucks, but whatever. I liked it better when I saw the show before I read the books, because now I know the differences like this one, and I makes me really upset.
461	The Monkey	2013-05-08	Well, no one gets hung, there is plenty of circumstantial evidence against the "teenage" soldier and the brotherhood is currently not under the leadership of Lady Stoneheart but of Lord Beric, so what was your point again?They they weren't a highly moral group of people in the novels either, if they volunteered to follow Lady Stoneheart, so that they would give up Gendry isn't that strange.
462	Ran	2013-05-08	... but the reason that they let sold Gendry out was because Gendry is replacing Edric Storm in the show.The show needs Gendry to fill the Edric role, this is true. This does not mean the BwB had to sell him out, however. They could have had Melisandre tell him his parentage and convinced him that he should join his uncle. She could have seduced him. She could have found some other way to convince him. Basically, they could have done it another way, without too much more or less dialog than they had in the version in the show. They didn't, though.They they weren't a highly moral group of people in the novels either, if they volunteered to follow Lady Stoneheart, so that they would give up Gendry isn't that strange.Nonsense. Thoros even remarks how they've fallen since they lost Beric:"We were king's men when we began," the man told her, "but king's men must have a king, and we have none. We were brothers too, but now our brotherhood is broken. I do not know who we are, if truth be told, nor where we might be going. I only know the road is dark. The fires have not shown me what lies at its end."I mean, now, that detail isn't really going to fly in the show. It's not important, I guess, but... it adds something, to tone and theme, if they ever revisit the BwB. Maybe the whole point is that they never are, and so it doesn't really matter how they depict them and so on.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 May 2013 - 12:20 PM.
463	Greywolf2375	2013-05-08	To me this has been the weakest episode of the season so far - which still puts it above most of what is on TV, but compared to the other episodes fell short.
What I liked:
- Jaime & Brienne: they just continue to build on a great dynamic between the two
- Tywin and Olenna:  two strong characters and in this case they didn't have to dumb one down to interact with the other
- the Wall/Climb: thought it portrayed it well, I do wish they had Jon think/say to himself "The Wall defends itself" though it maybe it comes out next week
- the Bastard: Poor Theon.  Done well, I just hope they don't go overboard on what they do feel the need to show from the standpoint of the torture.
What I didn't like:
- the picnic in the forest:  Sam and Gilly are literally on the run from the NW who just murdered Mormont and Craster as well as the undead army, yet can have a sit down sing along?  What made it powerful in the book (not that it has to be an exact reproduction) was the sense of urgency and fear.  None of that was around.  When we do get Sam the Slayer, considering the two of them just ran, how is it going to really be plausible that his brothers can find them?  Deus ex Ghostmachina?  the hamfisted way the dagger was inserted made the scene even clumsier.
- Gendry/Melisandre's GPS:  While Davos can still oppose the idea of using Gendry to do her deeds, Gendry does not have innocence of Edric and does not have the personal connection with Stannis that Edric did. Can it still work?  Yeah - the goal being she needs Kings blood.  Does it work as well?  Not in my opinion.  Then the issue that the messages that are received in the flames are always for interpretation <U+0080><U+0093> the flames are right, but both Mel and Thoros have said they are flawed in reading them.  Yet somehow she is able to ride straight to where  they are in, what seems like, 1 an hour.
- Tyrell heir:  Not having Garlan or Willas and having Loras be the heir to me is a loss.  Having another character be named and be offscreen is not an issue but having the Tyrells be backed into a corner because of the removal of character names is.  If Loras is named to the KG then the one generation away the heir to Highgarden is a Baratheon/Lannister.  Given what QoT said, she basically is stating she knows the Baratheon children are Lannister.  If he is not named to the KG, then a reason to not have he and Cersei marry needs to be created.
-Varys/LF:  while I love seeing these two spar against each other, the feel of the series when they do these gets to be almost like Saved by the Bell when Zack would call timeout and speak to the audience. 
No overall opinion:  Ros being killed.  I<U+0080><U+0099>m glad she is of f the show, I think the addition of that character was unnecessary given the number of characters that pre-existed and could have been used in the places she was.  Do I care it happened?  No.  It does reinforce Joffreys personality, to this point he had not personally killed someone so <U+0080><U+0093> unless there is another player in the room we didn<U+0080><U+0099>t see <U+0080><U+0093> he now is individually a murderer.
464	Paul Blackfyre	2013-05-08	A good episode. I give it a 7. But, obviously, a 7 in this series is like a 10 in most of the others.
465	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-05-08	Daaaaamn. I woudln't have thought this episode would've been so polarizing in terms of ratings. I loved it. I loved the departures from the book and thought they were all done well and in the spirit of the SOIAF series and remained true to the characters. It seems some people just want a visual adaptation of the novels, but this is it's own beast. It's a highly loyal beast tot he source material, but as a book reader I welcome the type of character moments and surprises this episode had.10/10
466	poggo	2013-05-09	I dont know, why people complain so much. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It was a good episode, even though, it wasnt stellar.
And the killing of ros was very important.
They dont want to tell us, that Joffrey is an evil person. Everyone knows. They want to tell us, that he *still* is a danger to everyone around him and the realm.
After all, people might have begun to think, that Margaery has some sort of controll of him.
					
					
							Edited by poggo, 09 May 2013 - 06:10 AM.
467	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2013-05-09	Everyone seems a bit down about this episode but I really enjoyed it! The deviations from the book all fit neatly, there was some good comedy, a shocking death and the scene on top of the Wall looked amazing. Nice soundtrack too.
I give it an easy 8.
468	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	Nonsense. Thoros even remarks how they've fallen since they lost Beric:Not nonsense at all, because Thoros is kind of biased on the subject, and is not likely to admit that the Brotherhood weren't that honorable.
469	Ran	2013-05-09	You can't read the presentation of the brotherhood and its ideals in ASoS, and then see where they are in AFfC, and pretend that they haven't changed. They changed massively. I'm not sure what else to say about it. It's all quite clear in the books. Just consider how much scarier Lem gets, and notice that the brotherhood is broken, with part of the group apparently with Edric Dayne and the other part with Lady Stoneheart. Almost certainly due to the philosophical differences between those who wanted to adhere to Beric's pursuit of justice and those who wanted vengeance. (This dichotomy is why  Arya's sojourn in Harrenhal last year was a screw up, actually.) Thoros is with Stoneheart presumably because she's resurrected and he feels some responsibility or some purpose in remaining around, but it's pretty clear that he's not in moral agreement with what she commands them to do, unlike with Beric.
							Edited by Ran, 09 May 2013 - 09:10 AM.
470	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-09	Although I'm not currently against the Gendry/Edric switch, it doesn't really make sense that the Brotherhood would exchange Gendry - who's pretty valuable as a blacksmith - for a few bags of gold.
471	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-09	Although I'm not currently against the Gendry/Edric switch, it doesn't really make sense that the Brotherhood would exchange Gendry - who's pretty valuable as a blacksmith - for a few bags of gold.Ummm yes it does. BWB is suffering from massive short term liquidity issues. Gendry is a useful asset but they cannot chop him up and sell him for weapons, armor, food, shelter, repairs etc etc. And did you see how fat those bags of gold were?! And have you seen the amount of things one dragon can buy you in Westeros?!?!
472	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-09	Ummm yes it does. BWB is suffering from massive short term liquidity issues. Gendry is a useful asset but they cannot chop him up and sell him for weapons, armor, food, shelter, repairs etc etc. And did you see how fat those bags of gold were?! And have you seen the amount of things one dragon can buy you in Westeros?!?! But Gendry as a blacksmith is still valuable in the long-term. The Brotherhood are about to ransom Arya (who would be worth more gold than Gendry), so surely they should be thinking about his long-term benefit?And then there's the problem of Stannis having extra gold to throw around... If he has gold, why not hire sellswords?
473	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	But Gendry as a blacksmith is still valuable in the long-term. The Brotherhood are about to ransom Arya (who would be worth more gold than Gendry), so surely they should be thinking about his long-term benefit?And then there's the problem of Stannis having extra gold to throw around... If he has gold, why not hire sellswords?In the show, the BwB are firm believers in the Lord of Light (if you recall, Beric told the Hound "I've been reborn in the light of the one true God", and everyone was chanting "Lord of Light defend us" before the trial by combat). Melisandre told Beric and Thoros R'hllor needed Gendry, as confirmed by Beric when he told Arya "We serve the Lord of Light, the Lord of Light needs him". They followed their God's orders, and still earned a bit of money by doing so.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 09 May 2013 - 09:50 AM.
474	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-09	But Gendry as a blacksmith is still valuable in the long-term. The Brotherhood are about to ransom Arya (who would be worth more gold than Gendry), so surely they should be thinking about his long-term benefit? - I would imagine that getting an immediate price is worth so much more to BWB than the long term value of a hostage/blacksmith because of how crazy Westeros is at that time. They know a million things can happen before they can ransom Arya. And then there's the problem of Stannis having extra gold to throw around... If he has gold, why not hire sellswords? Cannot argue with this
475	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-09	In the show, the BwB are firm believers in the Lord of Light (if you recall, Beric told the Hound "I've been reborn in the light of the one true God", and everyone was chanting "Lord of Light defend us" before the trial by combat). Melisandre told Beric and Thoros R'hllor needed Gendry, as confirmed by Beric when he told Arya "We serve the Lord of Light, the Lord of Light needs him". They followed their God's orders, and still earned a bit of money by doing it.NOOOOO WAY! This is certainly one interpretation but I think we are supposed to think that it is 99% for material reasons and then maybe 1% religious. These figures are bullshit of course but that is how I thought of it.
476	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	NOOOOO WAY! This is certainly one interpretation but I think we are supposed to think that it is 99% for material reasons and then maybe 1% religious. These figures are bullshit of course but that is how I thought of it.I disagree. The show has clearly established that the BwB is much more religion-bound than in the books. Beric even told Melisandre "He (R'hllor) sent you to us for a reason". And the only explanation he gave Arya was "We serve the Lord of Light, the Lord of Light needs him".I think the show needed to depict the BwB as a more feverishly religious group because, as many pointed out, its book counterpart would have NEVER sold an innocent "commoner". The only reason for them to do it needed to be something extraordinary, even stronger than their morals: the show has opted for religion.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 09 May 2013 - 10:01 AM.
477	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-09	I disagree. The show has clearly established that the BwB is much more religion-bound than in the books. Beric even told Melisandre "He (R'hllor) sent you to us for a reason". And the only explanation he gave Arya was "We serve the Lord of Light, the Lord of Light needs him".I will have to watch it again to see how it all went down but on first watching it felt like it was mainly about the gold.
478	poggo	2013-05-09	I think it makes sense.
It isnt about the gold.
Its most of all because the "lord of light" demands it. (And if he brings you back to life 6 times, its hard to be a no-beleiver)
If someone would have just come there and were like: "Here some gold. Now give me Gendry.", then the anwer would have been: "F*** off." or worse.
But in that situation, the gold was more to sweeten the deal.
And even then, they didnt really like it.
(Its more like Arya thinks its just about the gold)
					
					
							Edited by poggo, 09 May 2013 - 10:03 AM.
479	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	I will have to watch it again to see how it all went down but on first watching it felt like it was mainly about the gold.I'm sorry, I edited my message, thought you may be interested in the second part:I think the show needed to depict the BwB as a more feverishly religious group because, as many pointed out, its book counterpart would have NEVER sold an innocent "commoner". The only reason for them to do it needed to be something extraordinary, even stronger than their morals: the show has opted for religion.
480	shiola	2013-05-09	In the show, the BwB are firm believers in the Lord of Light (if you recall, Beric told the Hound "I've been reborn in the light of the one true God", and everyone was chanting "Lord of Light defend us" before the trial by combat). Melisandre told Beric and Thoros R'hllor needed Gendry, as confirmed by Beric when he told Arya "We serve the Lord of Light, the Lord of Light needs him". They followed their God's orders, and still earned a bit of money by doing so.That was my thought too.  The scene between Thoros, Mel, and Beric set it up pretty well.
481	Sopranos With Swords	2013-05-09	I agree with most, I'd still rate it high compared a lot of TV, but within the series, it scores low. For me:
High points
- Arya, Maisie Williams continues to amaze
- Jamie/Brienne/Bolton - I love Jamie back to his old arrogant self with a bit of this new attitude, trying to save Brienne even if subtly.
- Theon/Boy, it must be a difficult scene to do but the acting is great.
- The Freys were well cast, and though I'm not sold on what they're doing with that story I actually loved Tobias Menzies in this scene.
- Tywin & Olena, the dialogue and actors made this scene amazing to watch, but I'm not keen on seeing the Queen of Thorns apparently outmanoeuvred in that fashion, even by Tywin.
Possible low points
- I think Ros started as a relatively unimportant narrative plot device in season one, so after building her into something more it just seemed a bit cheap killing her off before she had truly accomplished very much.
- Ygritte & Jon, I actually liked the suspense of the climb, but the smooching went over the line into cheesy for me. 
- Sansa finding out - and them not showing us the awkward three-way dialogue?? Missed opportunity I think.
- The BWB selling Gendry out, I agree they could have done that differently, and its a shame really but I also don't think its quite as bad as people are suggesting.
All in all, I can live with the low points, and I'm sure it will pay off in the next few episodes.
482	A Redeemed Hound	2013-05-09	I do not htink the BwB sold out Gendry.  He was ransomed for gold.  Same reason they are going to ransom Arya.  For gold.  They need gold to live and buy weapons and goods.  Simple enough.  Could it have been done better?  Sure but remember we just have 10 little episodes to cram all of this in.  And not a single episode yet has been a full hour.  More like 45-50 mins. tops after the "previously on GOT", the opening theme, etc.
483	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-09	I do not htink the BwB sold out Gendry.  He was ransomed for gold.  Same reason they are going to ransom Arya.  For gold.  They need gold to live and buy weapons and goods.  Simple enough.  Could it have been done better?  Sure but remember we just have 10 little episodes to cram all of this in.  And not a single episode yet has been a full hour.  More like 45-50 mins. tops after the "previously on GOT", the opening theme, etc.Selling out by definition is doing something uncharacteristic for money.But anyways, they gave up Gendry for God, plus there was some money in it. I thought they made that pretty clear.
484	Ser Shaft of Hightower	2013-05-09	this one feels different from prior episodes, due to a lot of odd deviations and additions this week, but also some wonderful scenesAbove all, there's way too much Littlefinger this season.Obviously, he's being played so 'moany' that he sounds like he's ill.but...
	Spoiler The bigger problem is that he needs to loom in the background until nearer the end of book3 - when his degree of involvement becomes a much more effective narrative weapon - particularly in the Eyrie scene(s).As he is played in the show this season, you can almost hear him going "Mu-hahaha-ha-HAA!' every other line. It's rather corny and campy, and a real head-scratcher - as the actor was great in prior seasons.
I enjoyed The Wall scenes, and the scene of Roose, Jaime and Brienne. Maise Williams continues to kill it, although the motives of the BwB sort of suck now(agree w/ y'all),
	Spoiler  and really wondering how Gendry is going to get back to save Brienne from Rorge
did not enjoy the Ramsay/Theon like i'd hoped. They're dwelling on it too long, and this Ramsay is not very scary. Twisted yes, a rapid fire archer, yes, but he looks rather small and almost pampered/emo. He should be more of a blood-drinking goth brute with delusions of grandeur, but whatever. Casting can't be ideal.Did not enjoy 3 minutes of Sansa with Loras but only 3 seconds of her crying/realizing she has to marry Tyrion instead, while watching a ship go...where? Apparently Littlefinger is going to the Eyrie without her, while he's talking to Varys in the throneroom!... huh??GREAT cinematography on the whole, if tepid. Nice balance and contrast from scene to scene. Acting and art dept. score fairly high, if not spectacular. Yunkai looks 'nice' from afar...The quality of the writing, editing and direction, however, was a mixed bag.all in all, a 6.5 so round up to a 7
					
					
							Edited by Ser Shaft of Hightower, 09 May 2013 - 06:29 PM.
485	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-10	So many story lines butchered this episode. Robb heading towards the North so he can head west??? BWB selling Gendry? All capped off by over the top cheese-a-thon at the top of the wall. There were some very good moments as well but one of the weakest episodes.
486	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	So many story lines butchered this episode. Robb heading towards the North so he can head west??? BWB selling Gendry? All capped off by over the top cheese-a-thon at the top of the wall. There were some very good moments as well but one of the weakest episodes.When did Robb head north?
487	King of the Road	2013-05-10	So many story lines butchered this episode. Robb heading towards the North so he can head west??? BWB selling Gendry? All capped off by over the top cheese-a-thon at the top of the wall. There were some very good moments as well but one of the weakest episodes.He's going North so he can get the men to go West. It's not too complicated. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> In the books, he was heading North to get the men so he could go North, in the show, North to go West.
488	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	He's going North so he can get the men to go West. It's not too complicated. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> In the books, he was heading North to get the men so he could go North, in the show, North to go West.Excuse me, but I don't recall Robb moving from Riverrun, in this episode. The only scene he was in was the one with the Freys, who rode from the Twins to Riverrun to discuss Walder's terms. Am I missing something?
489	King of the Road	2013-05-10	Excuse me, but I don't recall Robb moving from Riverrun, in this episode. The only scene he was in was the one with the Freys, who rode from the Twins to Riverrun to discuss Walder's terms. Am I missing something?Oh no he hasn't moved North yet, but he probably will. I assume he will begin his march in the next few episodes. It's hardly a ground-breaking change that alters the entire plotline.
490	Jamie's left hand	2013-05-10	Ramsey was good but the worst of the season for me
491	ma_liky	2013-05-10	It was..okay.  Nothing spectacular.  I gave it a 7 which is the same as the premiere, and tied for the lowest I've given all season.I agree. Somehow ending was rushed.
492	Turinsbane	2013-05-10	This episode just felt like filler. The three proceeding episodes were amazing (they had their flaws, true but were still great) and then this...
I was just kind of surprised that D&D wrote this one. There were some great scenes, which many have already pointed out, but they failed to come together to make a great episode.
Also, not a huge fan of the whole Climb motif. My reasoning behind this is it took two great things from the book, Littlefinger and climbing the Wall and just, for a lack of a better word, Hollywooded them up. I mean, it's as if they thought just by having one forced tension/action sequence it rounds off the episode, when all it does is make is more contrived. Did anyone really think Jon Snow would fall off the Wall?
And Baelish, the  most interesting character in the books, has been reduced to a caricature. He is overtly a bad guy, which while in truth he pretty much is, what made him so cool in the books is he never holds up sign saying "I'm Evil", but I guess the show need to apeal to as many people as possible.
A solid 7, because of the select few good scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Turinsbane, 10 May 2013 - 01:45 PM.
493	vectner	2013-05-10	I'm going to miss Ros and her tits.Pretty much this
494	Carey Snow	2013-05-10	I gave it a 7, not alot going on, they took up too much time with Theon, and a hundred thenns climbed the wall with Jon and Tormund, how are they going to attack Castle Black with 4 men?Maybe there is another wave coming up?
495	Carey Snow	2013-05-10	I really liked this episode. Of course, I really liked Jon and Ygritte's story in as SoS.  Gave it a 9.
496	crazibouncer	2013-05-11	This was my least favorite episode this season.
497	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-11	I thought it was an excellent episode with tons of nice foreshadowing.
498	Serr Parker	2013-05-11	Just wondering is the same guy that done the screen time last season doing it this time around?
499	Count Balerion	2013-05-11	Liked it, but not up to the last two epsiodes.
Did not care for BWB selling Gendry.
Olenna vs. Tywin: good, but not as good as I expected.
High points: Ramsay's true colors, Roose, Tyrion/Cersei, maybe Edmure marriage thingy. Other stuff pretty decent.
I wonder why they bothered w/ Roz if they were just going to kill her off? I thought they must be saving her up for something.
Gave it an 8.
500	I love Cersei	2013-05-12	Some good, some bad this episode. Overall more good than bad, much because of the emotional ending. Chemistry between the Jon and Ygritte actors has improved. Imo they couldn't have found a more fitting actor for Ygritte. 
Sam's scene was well done as well.
Liked the "faceless foreshadowing" between Melisandre and Arya. And I liked "replacing" Edric by Gendry - just because I like it that the show has some suprises in store for me as a book reader that makes me wonder how all is going to be resolved in the future.
Theon's was the only awful scene. Not the actor's fault, just bad writing. I much more prefer to see nude tits in every show than overlong torture scenes in every show. Do it off screen.
501	Deleted	2013-05-12	It was much better than this thread, stupid spoilers.
502	Rashtibram	2013-05-12	8/10. Very solid, with a very dramatic denouement which was not altogether expected. What I loved was the way all those conversations were one shade more subtle, each one going a bit deeper into the game of thrones: starting with jon talking to ygritte, then arya with mel, beric, thoros etc., then roose with jaime and brienne, then tywin and olenna, and then tyrion and cersei, and finally the true masters, varys and LF. True, there wasn't a lot of action, but it was a good build up episode which did well in setting up future events. Ironically what I liked least about the episode was the actual climbing. tv is consistently unrealistic about two things: one is cold, and the other is how much weight rope can hold (seriously, that rope should have broken long ago). the final shot was a bit cheesy, though very beautiful, and ramsay + theon was just disgusting and creepy, but those were really the only downsides. everyone is complaining about how much they're changing from the books, but i haven't noticed that at all (aside from the obvious mel/gendry change). much more faithful than season 2 in my opinion, i loved how robb's conversation with the freys was taken almost word for word from the book.
503	WinterWarrior	2013-05-12	I was out of the country the past week and just had the opportunity to watch the episode on HBO Go. I am surprised there is so much negativity in the thread. I thought it was excellent and gave it a 9. I thought the Theon scenes were the worst, I do not like watching torture.
I like the way Gendry is now becoming a critical part of the plot. And the whole Melissandre/Arya confrontation. Not sure where they are going with Loras being the only Tyrell male and all.
LF is certainly more evil then he appears in the books. As much as I disliked the Roz character that was just gruesome. Too bad we need to wait till next season to get rid of Joff.
Loved the Wall scenes....and the Riverrun scenes.....thought it was a great episode.
504	gwenyth	2013-05-12	It was OK, gave it a 5.   I can't give any higher to episodes that seem to me to have utterly wasted and stupid scenes - like the Sansa/Loras ludicrousness.  I think there was at least one other scene that struck me as a waste of time, but either I'm conflating with another episode or it was so forgettable I've - forgotten it. 
Besides the at-least-bordering-on engaging in stereotyping characterization - which others here have noted - the Sansa/Loras scene was just stupid.   Sansa is NOT my favorite character - far from it - but she had developed some depth last season, or at least reflected having learned something from her experiences.  In that scene she is again a starry-eyed simpleton.  It doesn't help that I find the actor cast as Loras totally unconvincing in the role.
Also, every time we have an extended scene with the QoT I am reminded how much more perfect I think Helen Mirren would be for the role. 
The actor playing Lord Tywin is always a pleasure to watch and the scene re-introducing the graceless, dour and unattractive Frey's was good.
505	ebevan91	2013-05-12	I gave it a 7.
My lowest rating of the season.
506	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-05-14	Was good, as always, but not exactly my favourite of the series.
I think the Boy is playing his role brilliantly (but don't want to see as much of it).
QoT with Tywin is something that would almost always happen, two of the best actors in the series which is awesomely cast.
7
507	star shine7	2013-08-27	I actually really enjoyed this episode and gave it a 9. I loved Jon and Ygrittes scene before they climbed the wall and then the wall scenes were amazing, I really enjoyed Olenna and Tywins scene and the shock of the episode for me was what they did to Ros!
508	Lord of Lannisport	2013-11-28	I thought this episode was very good. It may not have had many stand out scenes, but I thought the episode was pulled together well, by returning to the wall throughout the episode.
509	YuvalTheVal	2014-04-19	Probably the most under-rated episode of the show ever. Extremely well done in every aspect- Littlefinger's speech, The wall climbing, Jamie and Brienne's dinner, Tywin vs. Olenna. Amazing writing and execution in this one, maybe my favorite episode.
510	Ran	2013-05-05	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
511	jobmartell	2013-05-05	Pumped as usual at this point on sundays!!!!!
512	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Yunkai!!!! They showed Yunkai in the intro!!
513	WinterKing	2013-05-05	Sam, with a dragonglass knife...
514	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Bout time that showed up.
515	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Omg Bran the voice of reason. So sweet.
516	ebevan91	2013-05-05	Yunkai!!!! They showed Yunkai in the intro!!It was there last episode too.
517	Tysha Tully	2013-05-05	Ygritte never suspected his loyalty in the books right?
518	serricamus	2013-05-05	Nice to see Tormund har a bit
519	WinterKing	2013-05-05	They turned Thoros into a zealot?
520	sansatyrell	2013-05-05	Ygritte never suspected his loyalty in the books right?yeah i think this is just ~romance for the tv audience
521	WinterKing	2013-05-05	Melisandre=Ghost of High Hearth
522	D150	2013-05-05	"We will meet again". Well that's some insight into the Arya FM storyline.
523	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	I do not like her taking him that does not happen the books, I always thought he was going to have a more important role same as the Bastard Davos tried to save which is not in the show.
524	ebevan91	2013-05-05	"We will meet again". Well that's some insight into the Arya FM storyline.I wonder if it has anything to do with the
	Spoiler girl in grey on a dying horse
 thing.
525	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	I'm liking this Ramsay.
526	ebevan91	2013-05-05	This is so damn twisted lol.
527	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	This is taking up too much of the storyline, this Theon stuff does not need to take place so soon.
528	sansatyrell	2013-05-05	this is taking up WAY too much time
529	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Melisandre=Ghost of High HearthYes.
530	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	this is taking up WAY too much time agreed 100%
531	MsLibby	2013-05-05	At some point the torture porn has to stop.
532	WinterKing	2013-05-05	RW all the way!
533	ebevan91	2013-05-05	The more I watch Roose Bolton the more I like him.
534	Shazare Flowers	2013-05-05	I feel so sad looking at Robb, thinking he just won the war by winning Edmure over, and then que sad music to make me feel even worse. Oh Robb, just don't go!
535	D150	2013-05-05	love the flayed man chilling in the background behind Jaime, after viewers have been guessing about Ramsay's identity.
536	WinterKing	2013-05-05	Love QoT!
537	Crazeejezza	2013-05-05	Har, sword swallower.
538	Jolene Brown	2013-05-05	I wish they were going to try to retake Winterfell, that had so much more emotional resonance for me than some campaign against Casterly Rock.  It just made more sense.  At some level, they had to know the war was lost, and they were really going for an attainable and meaningful goal.  I don't see why it would have been any more difficult to set that up than to explain why they are going to fight the Lannisters now at their homebase at the absolute height of their power when their forces are not divided in any way.
539	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Tywin with a bit of an epic save there, he was dangerously close to losing that conversation.
540	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Oh, this is delightfully awkward.
541	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Way to much deviation from the book for me good show but not really even the same story any more.
542	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	No Willis in the TV show I guess to many characters missing to have the story make sense.
543	D150	2013-05-05	After a series of QoT just trouncing smart men, I would have been extremely furious if Tywin had lost too.
544	Tysha Tully	2013-05-05	Aargh! Just to have Jon lose her again?
545	MsLibby	2013-05-05	Way to much deviation from the book for me good show but not really even the same story any more.But we knew that was coming. Martin said so himself. He also said that next season will be even more deviations from the book. He seems fine with it.
546	Azzazel	2013-05-05	Did we get "Send Robb Stark my regards"?
547	Ran	2013-05-05	That George is fine with it (we should qualify that by noting that we mean fine in a broad sense; at the level of individual details, there are things he isn't necessarily in agreement with on the show) doesn't really mean anyone else has to be. It's a personal thing, isn't it?
548	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	He can be fine with it, I am not,  but I guess Movies do it too books all the time. I was not aware that it was going to be so much difference I do not read many interviews of martin.
  I still like it the show.
549	thegoat506	2013-05-05	French Sleeves on Sansa's wedding dress? I wasn't aware France was a part of the Ice and Fire universe.
550	Tysha Tully	2013-05-05	This cant be happening...shae...tyrion...sansa...
551	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	French Sleeves on Sansa's wedding dress? I wasn't aware France was a part of the Ice and Fire universe.I wasn't aware England was, and yet, the accents...
552	MsLibby	2013-05-05	It's two different ways of storytelling and what works for one doesn't necessarily work for the other.
I'm ok with there being a difference.
553	Ran	2013-05-05	Fringed sleeves, not French, I'd guess.
554	WinterKing	2013-05-05	Ros I'd dead.May BR be praised!
					
					
							Edited by WinterKing, 05 May 2013 - 08:53 PM.
555	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	I read through book 5 do you really know  cant think of what happened to the basted Stone at the castle the one Melisandre really wanted.
556	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	OH *****!
557	ebevan91	2013-05-05	Ouch. Sansa gets unbetrothed then rebetrothed, and her ride out of KL leaves. What a crappy day for her.
558	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Glad they killed of Ross
559	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-05	I'm guessing there are going to be a lot of happy people here since Ros is no more.
560	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	So, I really hope you Ros haters are happy right now. Really. Hope.
561	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	I still don't understand what they are doing with Loras and Cersei.  Are we to believe Olenna accepted the betrothal to Cersei?
As for Shae and Sansa -- I definitely think they're setting up Shae being jealous of Sansa and that being why she turns against Tyrion later on.
562	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	Poor Ros.
563	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	Ros is dead. 11/10 episode. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
564	Tysha Tully	2013-05-05	Did jof kill ros for pleasure or politics?
565	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	So, I really hope you Ros haters are happy right now. Really. Hope.I never liked Ros, but I certainly hope no one is *happy* about how she met her end. I just hope it serves some larger plot purpose and isn't just "this is what happens to people who overreach"
566	Arlborn	2013-05-05	I cried.
I haven't cried in any other scene of all the previous 25 episodes and yet Ros dies, a  very silly and unnecessary character, and I cry. God.
That was vicious, that was shocking, that was horrifying, that made me hate Joffrey in a way the books never did, in a way I never hated him before. That was powerful TV, TV at its best, that was Game of Thrones, not A Song of Ice and Fire, no, that was Game of Thrones, the TV show, at it's best. F...
					
					
							Edited by Arlborn, 05 May 2013 - 09:04 PM.
567	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	I read through book 5 do you really know  cant think of what happened to the basted Stone at the castle the one Melisandre really wanted.Are you thinking of Edric Storm? Davos smuggled him away.
568	ebevan91	2013-05-05	I'm guessing there are going to be a lot of happy people here since Ros is no more.They'll still probably bitch because "SHE DIDN'T DIE IN THE BOOKS".
569	Trebla	2013-05-05	Ros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
570	MsLibby	2013-05-05	They'll still probably bitch because "SHE DIDN'T DIE IN THE BOOKS".It's for posts like this that I miss having the like feature!!
571	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	They'll still probably bitch because "SHE DIDN'T DIE IN THE BOOKS".Oh, I wish we had the Like feature still.
572	Crazeejezza	2013-05-05	Didn't George say he had considered making Ros a character in the books?
					
					
							Edited by Crazeejezza, 05 May 2013 - 09:04 PM.
573	Ran	2013-05-05	She thought she was safe, spying on Littlefinger...
... until she took an arrow to the knee (and other, more vital parts).
I'm serious. There's an arrow in her knee. I can't imagine it's coincidence.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 05 May 2013 - 09:02 PM.
574	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	I still don't understand what they are doing with Loras and Cersei.  Are we to believe Olenna accepted the betrothal to Cersei?As for Shae and Sansa -- I definitely think they're setting up Shae being jealous of Sansa and that being why she turns against Tyrion later on.Yes to Shae and Sansa.I took Olenna's quill breaking as acceptance of the proposal.  My question is why doesn't Tywin propose himself to Olenna /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
575	kairparavel	2013-05-05	So for all the scene chewing Ros did in the first two seasons, this is her demise. Joffrey is imbalanced, yes. But this? And while I'm glad to be done with her this was so over the top and an unnecessary way to close out the arc of a character I loathed.Though I enjoyed LF's little speech about the climb overtop the montage of things.
576	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Are you thinking of Edric Storm? Davos smuggled him away. Yes I am, so what I dont get is why the show as her getting Gendry since she never got Edric
577	Cyphmos	2013-05-05	Way to much deviation from the book for me good show but not really even the same story any more.If you want the exact same story in the show then you don't understand how adaptations work. There are too many characters for the budget to allow all of them. It isn't possible. The show is doing an amazing job of streamlining and working within it's resources.You could always wuit watching though. If you don't want any changes just read the book again.
578	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	Ok, can someone please explain to me why Sansa was crying at the sight of Littlefinger's ship sailing away?
Also.....
ARE YOU HAPPY NOW ROS HATERS?  Poor Ros, she was there to help meet HBO's nudity quota, then discarded to let us know that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic and evil....
Because we didn't know that already...
579	Er Rn	2013-05-05	Yeah, the some of the Ros scenes annoyed me to no end, but she really didn't deserve that. She had actually started to grow on me this season.
580	-Ghost-	2013-05-05	What do you think Mel meant by well meet again, or whatever she said to Arya before she left?
581	Dru	2013-05-05	Glad Ros is gone but danm, she didn't deserve to go out like that. I really hate that little shit Joffrey.
582	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	She thought she was safe, spying on Littlefinger...... until she took an arrow to the knee (and other, more vital parts).I'm serious. There's an arrow in her knee. I can't imagine it's coincidence...and this one too.The power of GoT and Skyrim combined.  Bring on the memes!
583	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	Did jof kill ros for pleasure or politics?Come on....we're talking about Joffrey here!
584	Flayed Starkman	2013-05-05	Phwoar... Way to save the episode.
Way too much Theon, but that Littlefinger vs Varys conversation was great. The Ros reveal was horrifying, and that las shot atop the wall was just beautiful. 
a 9/10 from me.
585	houseHB	2013-05-05	Ros is dead have not been this happy since Ralph was killed on the sopranos. Having Jaime Lannister saying to Robb Stark I send my regards would be too spoilery for non-book readers.
586	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	I never liked Ros, but I certainly hope no one is *happy* about how she met her end.I just hope it serves some larger plot purpose and isn't just "this is what happens to people who overreach" I bet it doesn't. I mean, we had people complaining that "a whore shouldn't know how to read, where's the realism"? This is realism, I'd guess. The whore is impaled with extreme prejudice after she has served her purpose. So, again, I really hope the Ros haters are happy. At the very least, the endless whining will stop.
587	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Ros dying fits littlefinger  scheme.   I am guessing kettleback sneaks her out now.
588	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Ok, can someone please explain to me why Sansa was crying at the sight of Littlefinger's ship sailing away?She stayed because she wanted to marry Loras.  She found out that she had to marry Tyrion, so she wanted to leave with Littlefinger, but alas...
589	jeffklm	2013-05-05	OH MY GOD ROS! Who saw THAT coming??
590	Trebla	2013-05-05	Man, I'm going all Otaku Williams "DAMN THE BLONDE MAN! THEY KILLED MY GIRL, ROS!!!" /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
591	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	I'm not generally pleased with how they are dealing with Ygritte and Jon so far in the show and this episode proves that they're just going to simple with them, when their relationship is one of the things that eventually triggers Jon's own maturity. So far, I just feel them "horny". Isn't Jon one of the main characters, that they're wasting time on way other stuff instead of them?
Loved Oleeyna and Tywin conversation, though. Tywin saying his stomach was fine got me laughing.
592	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	I took Olenna's quill breaking as acceptance of the proposal.  My question is why doesn't Tywin propose himself to Olenna /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was waiting for Olenna to rub it in Tywin's face.."It would be an honor...to have Loras in the Kingsguard."  So, then what *will* break the betrothal?
593	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	Is it weird that I could watch a whole episode of Ramsay/Theon?! The casting for house Bolton is superb imo.
594	ViennaGirl	2013-05-05	I kind of hated this episode! Ros? Gah! We need something uplifting, like a Purple Wedding, quick.
595	ladyinblack	2013-05-05	Melisandre=Ghost of High Hearthyou think?
596	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-05-05	I do not like her taking him that does not happen the books, I always thought he was going to have a more important role same as the Bastard Davos tried to save which is not in the show.Yeah, Edric Storm is non existent in the show. But, I don't recall how Gendry's identity was revealed to Stannis and Mellisandre (who I deeply dislike). Oh wait....maybe Gendry will be imprisoned with Davos and then Stannis's daughter will free them both and Davos will save Gendry. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
597	Tom son of Tom	2013-05-05	Ok, can someone please explain to me why Sansa was crying at the sight of Littlefinger's ship sailing away?She was just told that she wasn't marrying the handsome Loras Tyrell, and instead marrying Tyrion. And her only way (Littlefinger) out of Kingslanding had just sailed away.
598	MsLibby	2013-05-05	The Ramsay bit is forcing me to skip parts of the episodes. I just can't watch that much torture for that length of time.
599	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	She stayed because she wanted to marry Loras.  She found out that she had to marry Tyrion, so she wanted to leave with Littlefinger, but alas...Thank you, good ser.
600	kairparavel	2013-05-05	I thought LF was suggesting he had given Ros to Qyburn for experiments, actually.
601	Crazeejezza	2013-05-05	Ros is dead have not been this happy since Ralph was killed on the sopranos. Having Jaime Lannister saying to Robb Stark I send my regards would be too spoilery for non-book readers.We may still get that next episode, as Jaime is leaving.
602	flinn	2013-05-05	The Ygritte loyalty, it is just them, speech would have had MUCH more impact if it were done after the kiss on top of the wall. After the two of them were cut loose to die and made it up together would have made more sense to me.
					
					
							Edited by flinn, 05 May 2013 - 09:09 PM.
603	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	So for all the scene chewing Ros did in the first two seasons, this is her demise. Joffrey is imbalanced, yes. But this? And while I'm glad to be done with her this was so over the top and an unnecessary way to close out the arc of a character I loathed.Though I enjoyed LF's little speech about the climb overtop the montage of things.I think that was on purpose. Are you familiar with the concept of "Take That, Audience"?
604	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Is it weird that I could watch a whole episode of Ramsay/Theon?! The casting for house Bolton is superb imo.You could just rent Hostel and imagine they're wearing medieval-era clothing.
605	Turinqui-Calima	2013-05-05	So Theon spent half his life in the North and he doesn't know the banner and ways of the Boltons? Way too much time spent on that scene too.
I though it was a horrible episode in general. The Sam scene was cute though.
606	AManofManyFaces	2013-05-05	I was waiting for Olenna to rub it in Tywin's face.."It would be an honor...to have Loras in the Kingsguard."  So, then what *will* break the betrothal?I think after Tywin is gone, Cersei or Joffrey will put him on the KG
607	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	If you want the exact same story in the show then you don't understand how adaptations work. There are too many characters for the budget to allow all of them. It isn't possible. The show is doing an amazing job of streamlining and working within it's resources.You could always wuit watching though. If you don't want any changes just read the book again. Did not say I wanted the exact but I think a character like Willis who never appeared in the books (in person) could have been used in for the show,
608	axels15	2013-05-05	I still don't understand what they are doing with Loras and Cersei.  Are we to believe Olenna accepted the betrothal to Cersei?As for Shae and Sansa -- I definitely think they're setting up Shae being jealous of Sansa and that being why she turns against Tyrion later on.I think you're completely right on Shae. Good call.As for Loras, while I'm sure Olenna did probably agree there, I'd imagine Loras will flat out refuse, and become Kingsguard
609	Javi Marcos	2013-05-05	Horrible chapter. At least Ros' stuff was surprising, I thought she would be killed by LF but after the PW serving Dontos role.
610	mafalda	2013-05-05	YAY:
No more Ros
Melisandre scenes
Tywin and Olenna
^Sword swallower lololol
The climbing scenes were really well done
ROOSE BOLTON
NAY:
JOFFREY being the one to kill Ros. We all know that Joff doesn't do the killing himself.
Varys continuously being busted
Sam. Normally love him but this ep he was just meh
Jon and Ygritte's sappy ending to this ep.
No Dany (I know she can't be in every ep, but still!)
Ok, when LF told Varys he passed Ros onto a friend who was glad to make use of her at first I thought she was gonna play fake Arya and I was so p'd off! Then I immediately thought No he gave her to Qyburn, yay! I mad no secret of my dislike for Ros, but it was fucked up that they had King fucking Joffrey kill her. The worst written character on the planet doesn't deserve death at the hands of Joffrey.
It was almost as bad as Cedric Diggory being killed by fucking Wormtail. *lights candle for Ros*
But great episode!
611	Jojosh	2013-05-05	I guess Ros' death is supposed to illustrate how high a woman of her stock can rise doing the things she does before she's killed. Very brutal and very realistic 
So we really aren't having edric in the show huh?
612	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Also how is this going to happen now, this is one of my favorite cliff haggerswhat is going to happen to BrienneWhile questing to find Sansa Stark, Brienne of Tarth encounters Gendry at the inn, and is shocked by his striking resemblance to Renly Baratheon. At the inn, Brienne duels with Rorge and slays him, only to be savaged by Biter. Gendry saves Brienne's life by driving a spear through Biter's neck.[7]
613	Scott Hunter	2013-05-05	My first thought was Qyburn for Ros as well, but showing her with Joffrey was so much more shocking and effective!
My only complaint was that Arya came across as a bit whiny, and I don't recall her ever meeting Melisandre, but that's the only scene I wasn't on the edge of my seat for tonight...awesome episode.
614	Doctor Steve Brule	2013-05-05	that whole idea for a resolved  sansa/littlefinger plot thread (Ros for Dontos) is destroyed. Ah, whatever, Ros is dead. Huzzah, but not huzzah, cause that was pretty messed up. 
seriously, though, we should have brackets for how they're going to adapt the books from here on out. 
a quiet, slow build of an episode(reminded me tonally of Two Towers or something). No beginning, no end, just a couple good scenes, a bit much torture, and a mean old closing monologue.
615	Fez	2013-05-05	Seem like we just get one of our first spoilers for books 6/7 with Mel's line to Arya that they'll meet again, right?I was waiting for Olenna to rub it in Tywin's face.."It would be an honor...to have Loras in the Kingsguard."  So, then what *will* break the betrothal?Presumably at some point after Tywin's dead and Cersei is running the show, she'll appoint him to the KG; possibly as a "take that" to the Tyrells after the Tyrells propose marrying Margery to Tommen.
616	Cyphmos	2013-05-05	Did not say I wanted the exact but I think a character like Willis who never appeared in the books (in person) could have been used in for the show,His not existing changes nothing in the grand scheme of themes.All the payoffs will remain the same, the way that these payoffs are reached may be changed. That's fine with mezThis is still one of the most faithful adaptations of all time. All the complaints I hear sound really baseless.
617	espec22	2013-05-05	i don't know why everybody is upset  about the change with Loras and Cersei, after all such wedding will never happen, after the events of Jefrey's wedding, Tyrion's trial, and his escape, Cersei will be free of the engagement.
618	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Did we get "Send Robb Stark my regards"?Next episode I suppose, as he's leaving Harrenhal
619	Doctor Steve Brule	2013-05-05	also, liking the obvious Arya prophecy foreshadowing(which increases the validity of the Red priestly power in their world).
620	LyannaStargaryen	2013-05-05	I thought LF was suggesting he had given Ros to Qyburn for experiments, actually.I thought this too, at first.  And then when we saw Joffrey with his bow, I cringed in advance.  Wasn't a huge fan of Ros, but it was still a really horrible, gruesome way for her to meet her end.
621	CKPS63	2013-05-05	Hey -- a prophecy from Melisandre!  Arya will kill someone with brown eyes, someone with blue eyes and someone with green eyes.  Any guesses?  
I liked the reframing of Jon/Ygritte as two "lovers against the world."  Closing montage and final shot quite effective.  
Less effective -- too much Theon with too few answers.  Jaime, Brienne and Bolton get short shrift (no mention of "sapphires.")  Could have skipped Bran and Sam/Gilly for as much as they did with the,.
BTW, I think Sansa was crying because Tyrion gave her the true scoop regarding her marriage, and she was watching her only other option (LF) sail out of sight.
622	MsLibby	2013-05-05	It does work on one level. Joff has been a bit easy on the nerves this season and the audience needed a reminder of why he needs to die.
623	Ser Creighton	2013-05-05	Oh, I wish we had the Like feature still.I am bitching cause I didn't get to savor her death more, off screen? That was cruel, it took all the flavor out of it.
624	Trebla	2013-05-05	This episode set up a few things. 1. The reveal of Joffrey giving the Mandon Moore order sets precedent to him ordering a hit. So we'll have that in mind when the Bran reveal happens. 2. LF giving Ros to his "friend" also sets up the Purple Wedding joust, with LF whispering into Joff's ear to embarrass Tyrion.
625	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	His not existing changes nothing in the grand scheme of themes.All the payoffs will remain the same, the way that these payoffs are reached may be changed. That's fine with mezThis is still one of the most faithful adaptations of all time.All the complaints I hear sound really baseless.  I get what your saying but the Gendry saving Brienne part how is that going to happen now that is a pretty big pay off
626	Ser Creighton	2013-05-05	Tyrion telling Sansa, oh I know a certain mod that was probably pulling out her hair.
627	MsLibby	2013-05-05	Gendry saved Brienne?? I need to go back and re-read that.
628	LyannaStargaryen	2013-05-05	The Varys/LF part was great.  The LF monologue was genuinely chilling.
I still don't really understand how Mel & co got from Dragonstone to the forest hideout of the BwB without getting caught somewhere by some party of soldiers/raiders.  Seemed unlikely.  I suppose Mel saw the king's blood of Gendry in her fires.
Although I do think Shireen could potentially be used in some capacity as well, depending on what happens to Gendry.  I do hope they don't kill him off... I quite like the actor and would hope to see him reappear to save Brienne and such later.
Climbing bits were solid.  Also liked the Tyrion/Tywin/Cersei parts.
Barristan and Jorah... Weird scene to throw in this episode.  And how is Dany ever to learn about Jorah's betrayal?
629	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	To me, the biggest scoop from this episode was that Mel knows that she will see Arya again.
630	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	What I found amusing was that the Lannister scenes (Tywin and Olenna, Jaime and Brienne, Tyrion and Cersei) were actually the most comedic in the episode.  Very dark and an awesome set-up for the rest of the season.
And poor Edmure /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
631	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	that whole idea for a resolved  sansa/littlefinger plot thread (Ros for Dontos) is destroyed.I have to admit, I thought this was exactly where things were going too...
632	congokong	2013-05-05	I can barely recognize the show anymore. Jon climbs the wall and Jaime/Brienne eat with Roose. Ignoring deviating dialogue, these are the only things I recall that actually happened in ASOS.
Showing Theon get tortured week after week is fucked up. Contract or no, they should have just paid him and skipped this.
633	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	I wonder, does Melisandre's "we'll meet again..." foreshadow/spoil where things are going in the books.
ETA: i see others have said this too..
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 May 2013 - 09:20 PM.
634	Cyphmos	2013-05-05	I get what your saying but the Gendry saving Brienne part how is that going to happen now that is a pretty big pay offOh you mean an event that won't happen for two seasons? Yeah I have no idea how they can work that out with "only" 20 episodes to get there.
635	dtones520	2013-05-05	i don't know why everybody is upset  about the change with Loras and Cersei, after all such wedding will never happen, after the events of Jefrey's wedding, Tyrion's trial, and his escape, Cersei will be free of the engagement.Not to mention that QoT told Tywin to go F himself when he gave her his ultimatum. He had the quill in his hand to write up the marriage agreement for Lora's and Cersei. Which means Tywin is going to ask him to join the KG.
636	axels15	2013-05-05	I can barely recognize the show anymore. Jon climbs the wall and Jaime/Brienne eat with Roose. Ignoring deviating dialogue, these are the only things I recall that actually happened in ASOS.Showing Theon get tortured week after week is fucked up. Contract or no, they should have just paid him and skipped this.Lol I misread.I enjoy the other scenes. Also, you missed the one with Robb, which I think was fairly faithful
					
					
							Edited by axels15, 05 May 2013 - 09:20 PM.
637	LyannaStargaryen	2013-05-05	This episode set up a few things. 1. The reveal of Joffrey giving the Mandon Moore order sets precedent to him ordering a hit. So we'll have that in mind when the Bran reveal happens. 2. LF giving Ros to his "friend" also sets up the Purple Wedding joust, with LF whispering into Joff's ear to embarrass Tyrion.That makes a lot of sense.  And we know LF is playing both sides, helping the Tyrells plan and execute the PW by playing Joffrey, but frustrating their plans initially since Sansa married to Loras doesn't suit his aims.LF was spectacular and chilling this episode.  The monologue was so compelling, but almost hard to listen to, disturbed by the music and images of dead Ros.
638	axels15	2013-05-05	Not to mention that QoT told Tywin to go F himself when he gave her his ultimatum. He had the quill in his hand to write up the marriage agreement for Lora's and Cersei. Which means Tywin is going to ask him to join the KG.He was actually saying he had the pen in hand to write the order for the Kingsguard. So I'm pretty sure she agreed to the marriage. Regardless, I doubt it will happen.
639	dtones520	2013-05-05	I get what your saying but the Gendry saving Brienne part how is that going to happen now that is a pretty big pay offI have a feeling that Mel doesn't kill Gendry, as I think there was a clip of them both naked in a room together or something. I have a feeling he bangs her and makes a shadow baby to kill Balon and his blood through the leeches for Robb and Joff and she will let him go.
640	LyannaStargaryen	2013-05-05	I have to admit, I thought this was exactly where things were going too...Shae could still fill that role, depending upon how things play out.  But I think it stills leaves LF clear to be part of the PW plot: he thrives on chaos.  And picking up Shae, whom he knows is Tyrion's whore, to deliver Tyrion's wife to him the night of the PW isn't totally far fetched.
641	JonDunn	2013-05-05	With the Arya/Mel standoff:They're really setting up the importance of religion, and it gives us clues to what we'll see in the actual book series moving on too.  Arya is completely opposed to this religion of light, because she is with the god of Death, darkness, and the Great Other.mark my words.
642	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Oh you mean an event that won't happen for two seasons? Yeah I have no idea how they can work that out with "only" 20 episodes to get there. But it looks like he is out of the brotherhood unless they are just stealing the gold and are going to rescue him. might be more since book 3 is two season, is it not?
643	Jojosh	2013-05-05	I wonder, does Melisandre's "we'll meet again..." foreshadow/spoil where things are going in the books.ETA: i see others have said this too..not really foreshadowing much since they never meet in the books but if they do meet it'll be a first probably just a red herring after all GRRM didn't write this episode
644	JonDunn	2013-05-05	I just can't believe there are people worried that Gendry is going to die.
lol.
645	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	LF was spectacular and chilling this episode.  The monologue was so compelling, but almost hard to listen to, disturbed by the music and images of dead Ros.It was a singular piece of moral nihilism. The worst part about it is that I can bet quite a lot of viewers agreed with him.Episode should have ended there, tough. Cheesy kiss atop the Wall ruined everything forever.
646	dtones520	2013-05-05	Shae could still fill that role, depending upon how things play out.  But I think it stills leaves LF clear to be part of the PW plot: he thrives on chaos.  And picking up Shae, whom he knows is Tyrion's whore, to deliver Tyrion's wife to him the night of the PW isn't totally far fetched.Tyrion still needs to kill Shae though. And she needs to testify against him in the trial. So, her being killed by LF doesn't work. Maybe they bring Dontos back?
647	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Shae could still fill that role, depending upon how things play out.  But I think it stills leaves LF clear to be part of the PW plot: he thrives on chaos.  And picking up Shae, whom he knows is Tyrion's whore, to deliver Tyrion's wife to him the night of the PW isn't totally far fetched.I think Kettleback is going to fill that role he works for Littlefinger.
648	Tom son of Tom	2013-05-05	Barristan and Jorah... Weird scene to throw in this episode.  And how is Dany ever to learn about Jorah's betrayal?I would like to know what scene you are referring to...
649	Mr.Black	2013-05-05	I just want ramsey to make theon REEK already
650	Pearlthegirl	2013-05-05	It's for posts like this that I miss having the like feature!!Oh, I wish we had the Like feature still.LIKE!
651	DebL66	2013-05-05	Arya will kill a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person...which to me suggests a Lannister.
652	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	I just can't believe there are people worried that Gendry is going to die.lol.As in he wont die or who cares if he dies.  I think he is main character in the up coming books.  But could be way off
653	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	Loved that they included a bit of the Ghost of High Heart stuff for Arya, even though it wasn't exactly the same (possibly my favourite quote from the books).
I also thought LF had sent Ros to Qyburn for a second. Then when Varys started talking about chaos, i knew the LF speech from the promo was coming & wasn't sure how they'd work it in (loved it in the promo). I think it worked well over the Joff/Ros & Sansa scenes. Good stuff!
654	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-05	I'm glad they are finally making LF the villain that he's supposed to be.  Up to this point LF in the show has been a little bit of a buffoon. But I always considered him the ultimate villain in the books and they are finally making him that.
655	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	Is it weird that I could watch a whole episode of Ramsay/Theon?! The casting for house Bolton is superb imo. not at all. I was so pleased with that scene you have no idea. LOL My boyfriend paused it and asked me. "Is he really at karhold?" "Keep watching" Was a nice break of 4th wall. EVERYONE wanted to know who he was, where he was, why he was doing this shit. And wegot 2 answers. Not karstark (betrayal last episode), and "LOL, no reason! I like to do this!"Guessing games are so much fun! I REALY REALLY loved that its follwed by Roose. OMG the boltons are WIN.
656	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	Arya will kill a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person...which to me suggests a Lannister.what colour are the dragon's eyes?? joking obviously but THAT would be badass!
657	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	I just can't believe there are people worried that Gendry is going to die.lol.Why couldn't he.  He doesn't do much significant in the books after this.Although, I don't think he *will* but i also don't think it's outside the realm of possibility.
658	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-05	Arya will kill a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person...which to me suggests a Lannister.I took that as Arya will be a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person. You know, a person with many faces.
659	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-05-05	Why couldn't he.  He doesn't do much significant in the books after this.Although, I don't think he *will* but i also don't think it's outside the realm of possibility. He saves Brienne and gets captured by meets with Un Cat in the end of bookd and then he is oging to tell Un cat in book 6 that Arya is not dead,
660	ladyinblack	2013-05-05	Melisandre with Beric & thoros ----had me yelling noooooooo- and taking Gendry? whos are those riders that teleport with her?
Once again, Robb has no war council only Talisa    horrible
661	Arlborn	2013-05-05	Barristan and Jorah... Weird scene to throw in this episode.  And how is Dany ever to learn about Jorah's betrayal?Wait, what? Am I misreading this? Are you saying there was a scene with them in this episode?? I didn't see anything of the sort, did I miss something??Also, I see quite a few people having strong opinions against this episode and somehow it seems to me like most of them are from the "don't change anything from the books or you're the biggest sinners ever" camp. I'm very curious to see their reactions to next season, which is supposed to have even bigger deviations and changes from the book.Shame for you though, I love the books and I love the show, including this episode, which for me was the second strongest of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Arlborn, 05 May 2013 - 09:35 PM.
662	Newstar	2013-05-05	I'm kind of surprised Tyrion told Sansa himself. Did he and Cersei flip for it or something?
663	boojam	2013-05-05	This is taking up too much of the storyline, this Theon stuff does not need to take place so soon.Let's say they show very little of the Theon stuff the rest of this season, how much can they show in season 4?Don't like the idea of pulling stuff from ADwD so soon up into S4.If they do.
664	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	I took that as Arya will be a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person. You know, a person with many faces.I initially took it that she would kill the above listed. But you are right in the way she worded it....could easily be foreshadowing of her FM training.
665	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-05	So Tywin has been in KL for 7 episodes and he has not once mentioned that Arya is not in KL.  
What's up with that?
666	mafalda	2013-05-05	I'm kind of surprised Tyrion told Sansa himself. Did he and Cersei flip for it or something?Me too! I HATE that shae was around and refused to leave the room. The scene with Sansa crying at the end was heartbreaking /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
667	BlueDragon	2013-05-05	With the Arya/Mel standoff:They're really setting up the importance of religion, and it gives us clues to what we'll see in the actual book series moving on too.  Arya is completely opposed to this religion of light, because she is with the god of Death, darkness, and the Great Other.mark my words.Arya is opposed to the red god because he let the Hound go.  Arya's moral standing in the most puzzling of all the characters in the book given her storyline is stalled across the sea.She is clearly going to kill a number of people; however, given that so many are being taken out before she can get back to Westeros, it is genuinely puzzling who she is likely to kill. I have a feeling that Mel doesn't kill Gendry, as I think there was a clip of them both naked in a room together or something. I have a feeling he bangs her and makes a shadow baby to kill Balon and his blood through the leeches for Robb and Joff and she will let him go.I just can't believe there are people worried that Gendry is going to die.lol.Gendry is going to be a major character in the novels yet to be delivered.
668	boojam	2013-05-05	I took that as Arya will be a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person. You know, a person with many faces.I took that as Arya will be a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person. You know, a person with many faces.She talking about individual people, well, that's like novel 6 stuff, book-wise that would be a long long way off.
669	AryasNeedle	2013-05-05	I was also upset at the Melisandre meeting Arya and taking Gendry part.  I feel like it either changes the story completely from  the books or it gives away clues about what is going to happen on later in the books. The show should in no way spoil things that are going to happen in book 6 and 7. It gets me thinking that since they know things we don't, they can play with the characters to get them to the endpoints they choose so they're foreshadowing for events that we haven't had any foreshadowing clues in the book yet.
Having Melisandre take Gendry - Now Gendry will not have that experience with the BWB and the morals of them. Since he's taking Edric's part does that mean his book character arc is not important to the overall story anymore at all? (I also immediately jumped to thinking about the scene where he saved Brienne).
I didn't mind the part with Melisandre giving Arya's future to her, but now Arya's going to have her in mind to meet again for revenge. Do they know something we don't? That Melisandre and Arya are going to meet in the books later?  I really feel like they're either going in a completely different direction from the books or spoiling the actual books because of what they know. I'd almost rather them just make stuff up and have a different ending than give me clues to what will be happening in the books.
670	BaronBeefhart	2013-05-05	Holy shit, that was a good episode!
I'm usually just a lurker but had to post tonight. I was out earlier having drinks for my friends wedding anniversary, and returned home just in time to see tonight's episode live. My Uncle was also here with me, we usually watch the episode on Monday night, but as I was watching it he stayed up too. I've read all of the books and like every one else, am completely obsessed, my Uncle however, has only ever watched the show. I'll have to re-watch the episode sober for clarity, but I was completely drawn in tonight. When Jon, Ygritte et al, were climbing the wall and it started to crack. My heart was in my throat and my mind was racing with the thought that they were going to kill Ygritte there and then. When she made it I just turned to my Uncle and said "That was tense!".
Loving the stuff with Ramsay and Theon. I've been very coy when my Uncle has asked me who this bloke torturing Theon is, but I nearly slipped up tonight with my  comments of "ahhh, you lying bastard!" and other such things. A thought did occur to me tonight regarding Theon. It may have been discussed before but does anyone else see Theon/Reek's story as a subtle nod to Smeagol/Gollum?
Brienne and Jaime killed it again. Nikolaj Costa-Waldau really is Jaime Lannister. And I think I'm in love with Brienne. The guy playing Roose Bolton is awesome, who cares if he doesn't whisper and take leech baths? Cannot wait for next week, I just hope a certain version of a certain song is nowhere near that episode.
Diana Rigg continues to be amazing as the Queen of Thorns. When I read the books last year I was an advocate for Dame Maggie the frog to play the role, and was even disappointed when Diana Rigg was announced (my Uncle vouched for her). But she really is great. Also, were they implying that Tywin can't get it up in that scene? Maybe that's why he hates whores, they know his secret....
It was a strange ending and I'm not totally sure how I felt about it. Heartbreaking and confusing to see Sansa crying like that. I missed her scene with Shae due to a call of nature, but did was she crying because she has to marry Tyrion? Because it looked like Littlefinger's ship leaving the docks.
ETA: Forgot to finish that thought. Weird ending with them reaching the summit of The Wall. I think that was a little "fuck you" to book readers from D+D, going from the line that Ramsay said to Theon about happy endings.
					
					
							Edited by BaronBeefhart, 05 May 2013 - 09:48 PM.
671	Newstar	2013-05-05	I HATE that shae was around and refused to leave the room.On the other hand, she got to watch Tyrion tell someone else he would be marrying her. Ha!It is interesting that Shae didn't want to leave the room. I could see it if it were someone like Littlefinger, but Tyrion? Seems to be setting up Shae's jealousy down the road.Something about Peter Dinklage's acting in the scene with Shae and Sansa gave me the impression that Tyrion was thinking that he would find this really funny if it were happening to someone else.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 09:47 PM.
672	Cyphmos	2013-05-05	Wait, what? Am I misreading this? Are you saying there was a scene with them in this episode?? I didn't see anything of the sort, did I miss something??Also, I see quite a few people having strong opinions against this episode and somehow it seems to me like most of them are from the "don't change anything from the books or you're the biggest sinners ever" camp. I'm very curious to see their reactions to next season, which is supposed to have even bigger deviations and changes from the book.Shame for you though, I love the books and I love the show, including this episode, which for me was the second strongest of the season.Quoted for truthTo quote grrm"Art is not a democracy"
673	Winterfell's Crypt	2013-05-05	Ser Dontos to appear again, perhaps?
674	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	He saves Brienne and gets captured by meets with Un Cat in the end of bookd and then he is oging to tell Un cat in book 6 that Arya is not dead,That last part is pure speculation, as for the rest..as I said "nothing significant."
675	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	Wait, what? Am I misreading this? Are you saying there was a scene with them in this episode?? I didn't see anything of the sort, did I miss something??Also, I see quite a few people having strong opinions against this episode and somehow it seems to me like most of them are from the "don't change anything from the books or you're the biggest sinners ever" camp. I'm very curious to see their reactions to next season, which is supposed to have even bigger deviations and changes from the book.Shame for you though, I love the books and I love the show, including this episode, which for me was the second strongest of the season.No...I don't recall a Selmy/Jorah scene either....there was one at the end of E5. I absolutely agree with you.  Small screen has to meet the constraints of time and budget.  The show isn't going to waste time on small intricacies when they have to highlight the main plot points.  What does it matter whether the Tyrells plan to marry Sansa to Loras or Willas?  She's marrying Tyrion anyway.
676	Tyrion Lannister	2013-05-05	There was no way this episode was going to compete with last week's, which was among my favorite in the entire series, but I still liked it.  The stuff in King's Landing was good, as was the Jaime/Brienne/Roose bit (though I would have liked to have seen more there.)   
I've seen a lot of people complaining about the whitewashing of Tyrion, but it seems to me like no one has been whitewashed to the degree that Cersei has.  Most of her worst acts (having Robert's bastards killed, trying to have Tyrion killed during the Blackwater) just get passed off to Joff instead.  Unless she was just lying to Tyrion, but it certainly didn't seem that way to me.
I actively dislike TV show-Robb, and sympathize with Edmure far more than I did in the books.  If I had felt this way about Robb in the books, the Red Wedding wouldn't have had nearly the impact it did on me.
677	Peasant with No Story Arc	2013-05-05	After a series of QoT just trouncing smart men, I would have been extremely furious if Tywin had lost too.I don't like the idea that we're supposed to think he's just checkmated her when the threat he made was the kind you'd expect from Cersei, not Tywin. Accepting that Willas and Garlan don't exist on the show, Highgarden follows daughter before an uncle succession and a King/Hand can conscript the heir to the Reach into the Kingsguard without his consent (yes, Jaime joined when he was an heir but he wasn't forced. It was his choice), what is Tywin doing? Threatening to, in effect, take the Reach away from an ally with a vastly larger army.It's never spelled out in the show so maybe in GoT the difference in military strength at that time isn't as significant as it is in ASOIAF. They have to at least be equals on the show, right? What if the Tyrells refuse? What if they break off the alliance? What if they join Robb or Stannis or declare that Joffrey is illegitimate and Stannis is a kinslayer and might makes right so everyone bend the knee for King Mace by right of conquest? The only reason he'd want a Loras/Cersei marriage is to strengthen the alliance. Threatening the Queen of Thorns isn't going to do that. I know between this and the Joffrey/Ros scene they're trying to put the Lannisters and Tyrells in conflict again to start setting up Joffrey's murder but this was a poor way to do it.
678	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-05-05	I hope people who haven't read the books aren't reading this thread, because I'm not putting things in spoiler tags.  The topic says "book spoilers".
I actually loved the Jon and Ygritte parts - thought the climb was amazing, obviously, but watching Ygritte's face as she sees the icy wilderness from that height for the first time in her life, then Jon bringing her to the other side of the wall to see the green south of the seven kingdoms - the place where he is from, was so powerful.  The sun comes out, and my heart is breaking knowing what is to come - his betrayal and her death.  Oh my poor heart...  The kiss seemed sincere.  I feel like those two actors have terrific chemistry.  Had I never read the books, I would have wanted Jon to run away with Ygritte and live happily ever after.  Then again, this aint Lord of the Rings.
Too much Theon, I agree with everyone else.  They could have skipped a few episodes for this.
The Osha/Meera part seemed sort of useless except as a segue to the wall climb.
Loved the showdown between Olenna and Tywin.  However, I feel the multiple marriage pacts are confusing.  I would have liked it better had Sansa gone to her wedding none the wiser, as it was in the books.  She's wearing a new gown, then bam - guess what..  its your wedding!  And you are marrying the imp!  I'd like to know how in the heck Loras is going to become a Kingsguard now.  I thought for sure this would be it..  
As far as Mel and the "We will meet again" bit - I think she might just be referring to the "girl on a gray horse" thing..  sets viewers up for it only to let them down when we find out its Alys Karstark.  Then again, there are so many deviations, who knows what the heck will happen by then.  
Also, we can't be certain the eye colors forshadow anything.. Arya kills a few people between now and then.  The show hasn't followed eye color rules up to now, so how can we be certain that Daerion won't have green eyes, or the ship insurance guy?
So, who is going to save Gendry?
					
					
							Edited by Moon-Pale Maiden, 05 May 2013 - 09:52 PM.
679	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	I actively dislike TV show-Robb, and sympathize with Edmure far more than I did in the books.  If I had felt this way about Robb in the books, the Red Wedding wouldn't have had nearly the impact it did on me.I agree. I was expecting him to shout something like "we're screwed because of you and you want me to fix it?".
680	Newstar	2013-05-05	Bryan Cogman stated in an interview or on Winteriscoming.net that Loras and Margaery are the only Tyrell kids for now (meaning they can add other Tyrell sons in later if need be), but this episode seemed to rule it out, by Tywin stating that if Loras were Kingsguarded, then succession would fall to Joffrey and Margaery's children. It seemed to rule out any other Tyrell children.I agree. I was expecting him to shout something like "we're screwed because of you and you want me to fix it?".Hahaha, when Robb was all, "We're winning every battle, but we're losing this war" I wanted someone to scream at him "And whose fault is that, asshole?!"
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 09:50 PM.
681	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	It was a strange ending and I'm not totally sure how I felt about it. Heartbreaking and confusing to see Sansa crying like that. I missed her scene with Shae due to a call of nature, but did was she crying because she has to marry Tyrion? Because it looked like Littlefinger's ship leaving the docks.Yes, Tyrion went to see her & tell her about their wedding, and then she is shown crying whilst watching LF's ship leave (which she obviously now wishes she was on, seeing as she's marrying Tyrion instead of Loras).
682	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-05-05	I'm guessing that Mel takes Gendry back to Dragonstone, and then the Edric Storm plot takes over, where she proposes burning him (or making a shadow baby?) and Davos frees him. Then he goes back to the BwB, but I'm kind of wondering why he would do that (in the show-verse) since they sold him. Maybe he'll go off on his own. Also curious that he's probably going to find out he's Robert's bastard, when in the books he still doesn't know.
I find the Theon stuff difficult to watch, but interesting. I don't object to it being on the show already. It's happening at the this point in the books, but off-screen. By the time we see Theon again, he's fully Reek.
I want more Bran and the Reeds.
The way Ros dies was fucked up. I was actually starting to like her a bit, and thought for sure she was going to fill the Dontos role.  She did not deserve that kind of death. No need to sledgehammer the fact that Joffrey is psycho.
Was it really Joff who ordered Tyrion's death in the books? I thought it was Cersei.
Poor Sansa.
I wish I was feeling the Jon Snow plot more. I have to remember in the books, I was still meh on him at this point, so I guess it's only fitting I be meh on him in the show.
683	Dain Storm	2013-05-05	Bryan Cogman stated in an interview or on Winteriscoming.net that Loras and Margaery are the only Tyrell kids for now (meaning they can add other Tyrell sons in later if need be), but this episode seemed to rule it out, by Tywin stating that if Loras were Kingsguarded, then succession would fall to Joffrey and Margaery's children. It seemed to rule out any other Tyrell children.Last episode it was said that he's the heir to High Garden, so there no chance for Garlan to appear or for Willas to be mentioned sadly.
					
					
							Edited by Dain Stark, 05 May 2013 - 09:55 PM.
684	dtones520	2013-05-05	There was no way this episode was going to compete with last week's, which was among my favorite in the entire series, but I still liked it.  The stuff in King's Landing was good, as was the Jaime/Brienne/Roose bit (though I would have liked to have seen more there.)   I've seen a lot of people complaining about the whitewashing of Tyrion, but it seems to me like no one has been whitewashed to the degree that Cersei has.  Most of her worst acts (having Robert's bastards killed, trying to have Tyrion killed during the Blackwater) just get passed off to Joff instead.  Unless she was just lying to Tyrion, but it certainly didn't seem that way to me.I actively dislike TV show-Robb, and sympathize with Edmure far more than I did in the books.  If I had felt this way about Robb in the books, the Red Wedding wouldn't have had nearly the impact it did on me.Shocking, as you rarely see Robb in the book so you can paint any pretty picture of him that you want. Th reality is that book Robb broke his marriage vows after being comforted by Jeyne because he just found out his little brothers died. So, he was so grief stricken that he got a boner and screwed Jeyne Westerling. Then said oh shit, I screwed her....welp I guess I have to marry her or I'll feel like I dishonored her, even though she willingly slept with Robb. Yes, I can really sympathize with that over marrying someone I found attractive, got to know and fell in love with any day of the week.
685	boojam	2013-05-05	That George is fine with it (we should qualify that by noting that we mean fine in a broad sense; at the level of individual details, there are things he isn't necessarily in agreement with on the show) doesn't really mean anyone else has to be. It's a personal thing, isn't it?Does make one wonder about that recent meeting with George in Santa Fe.This time Dan and Dave brought Bryan along.I figured season 4 would be blocked out by now ... The cut and paste with Gendry I was expecting... It's  a long novel with a lot happening and trying to combine characters and include slices from the kitchen sink are showing a strain. Like Season 2 this episode , seems, to show me Dave and Dan are not taking enough think through time with an episode. Anxious to get to episode 9?As usual the good acting and production values make up for some ragged narrative plotting.
686	BaronBeefhart	2013-05-05	Yes, Tyrion went to see her & tell her about their wedding, and then she is shown crying whilst watching LF's ship leave (which she obviously now wishes she was on, seeing as she's marrying Tyrion instead of Loras).Cheers, I thought that's what it was.
687	Cyphmos	2013-05-05	I'm guessing that Mel takes Gendry back to Dragonstone, and then the Edric Storm plot takes over, where she proposes burning him (or making a shadow baby?) and Davos frees him. Then he goes back to the BwB, but I'm kind of wondering why he would do that (in the show-verse) since they sold him. Maybe he'll go off on his own. Also curious that he's probably going to find out he's Robert's bastard, when in the books he still doesn't know.I find the Theon stuff difficult to watch, but interesting. I don't object to it being on the show already. It's happening at the this point in the books, but off-screen. By the time we see Theon again, he's fully Reek.I want more Bran and the Reeds.The way Ros dies was fucked up. I was actually starting to like her a bit, and thought for sure she was going to fill the Dontos role.  She did not deserve that kind of death. No need to sledgehammer the fact that Joffrey is psycho.Was it really Joff who ordered Tyrion's death in the books? I thought it was Cersei.Poor Sansa.I wish I was feeling the Jon Snow plot more. I have to remember in the books, I was still meh on him at this point, so I guess it's only fitting I be meh on him in the show.He won't be with the brotherhood under dondarion. He will be with Arya'd mom so it would make sense for him to be there.
688	MsLibby	2013-05-05	Does make one wonder about that recent meeting with George in Santa Fe.This time Dan and Dave brought Bryan along.I figured season 4 would be blocked out by now ...The cut and paste with Gendry I was expecting...It's  a long novel with a lot happening and trying to combine characters and include slices from the kitchen sink are showing a strain. Like Season 2 this episode , seems, to show me Dave and Dan are not taking enough think through time with an episode. Anxious to get to episode 9?As usual the good acting and production values make up for some ragged narrative plotting.One of the htings Bryan said that I found fascinating is that knowing what George is planning means they can take characters on side adventures as long as they bring them back at the right time and in the right place as they are required.
689	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-05-05	I'm wondering about the whitewashing of Cersei too. Laying everything at Joffrey's door will certainly make the TV audience hate him more (as if we need any more reason after tonight) but what about when we really need to hate Cersei? Humanizing her is taking place too soon, IMO. 
One thing about the Mandon Moore order being put down to Joffrey- I've always been convinced that LF was behind that. Now with Ros, we have a proved connection between LF and Joff.
Also, am I the only one who has complete confidence that Davos will save Gendry?
690	wolverine	2013-05-05	Bryan Cogman stated in an interview or on Winteriscoming.net that Loras and Margaery are the only Tyrell kids for now (meaning they can add other Tyrell sons in later if need be), but this episode seemed to rule it out, by Tywin stating that if Loras were Kingsguarded, then succession would fall to Joffrey and Margaery's children. It seemed to rule out any other Tyrell children.Hahaha, when Robb was all, "We're winning every battle, but we're losing this war" I wanted someone to scream at him "And whose fault is that, asshole?!"Edmure?  Catelyn?
691	Rabel Dusk	2013-05-05	I enjoyed most of the scenes in this episode.  Hated the Theon torture interlude, had to turn my face away.  As others have said, there is a contract with Alfie Allen and they need to give him scenes.  I wish this could have been put off until Season 5.  Unlike some here, I hated watching it.  Next viewing I'll fast forward through it.
Even though it deviated from the book, I enjoyed the intensity of the Melisandre/forest brotherhood scene.  It wouldn't surprise me if, instead of Edric Storm, Davos frees Gendry.
Maisie is such a good actress.
I bet that Sam's obsidian knife will come in handy.
692	wolverine	2013-05-05	I'm wondering about the whitewashing of Cersei too. Laying everything at Joffrey's door will certainly make the TV audience hate him more (as if we need any more reason after tonight) but what about when we really need to hate Cersei? Humanizing her is taking place too soon, IMO.One thing about the Mandon Moore order being put down to Joffrey- I've always been convinced that LF was behind that. Now with Ros, we have a proved connection between LF and Joff.Also, am I the only one who has complete confidence that Davos will save Gendry?I still think that Tyrion's whitewashing is much more severe and I will be extremely surprised if he kills Shae.
693	Lannes	2013-05-05	I took that as Arya will be a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person. You know, a person with many faces.Same here- foreshadowing her being a Faceless Man.
694	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	Too much Theon, I agree with everyone else.  They could have skipped a few episodes for this.I actually disagree with this. Ramsay is supposed to be pretty much the most despicable person in the show, so i think we need plenty of scenes showing just how messed up he is. Also, those 2 are among the best actors on the show imo, so i'm really enjoying these scenes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
695	dtones520	2013-05-05	Bryan Cogman stated in an interview or on Winteriscoming.net that Loras and Margaery are the only Tyrell kids for now (meaning they can add other Tyrell sons in later if need be), but this episode seemed to rule it out, by Tywin stating that if Loras were Kingsguarded, then succession would fall to Joffrey and Margaery's children. It seemed to rule out any other Tyrell children.Hahaha, when Robb was all, "We're winning every battle, but we're losing this war" I wanted someone to scream at him "And whose fault is that, asshole?!"Again, this is no different than what book Robb did. His decision to marry Jeyne Westerling, a member of an insignificant house sworn to the Lannisters, did nothing to help the war effort. They gave the North 300 fighting men or thereabouts. So, how does that make show Robb different than book Robb in the end.
696	wolverine	2013-05-05	Same here- foreshadowing her being a Faceless Man.Duh!  I was thinking she saw all the people she was going to kill in her eyes, but that makes way more sense.
697	dtones520	2013-05-05	I actually disagree with this. Ramsay is supposed to be pretty much the most despicable person in the show, so i think we need plenty of scenes showing just how messed up he is. Also, those 2 are among the best actors on the show imo, so i'm really enjoying these scenes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Agreed. I love their scenes.
698	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Again, this is no different than what book Robb did. His decision to marry Jeyne Westerling, a member of an insignificant house sworn to the Lannisters, did nothing to help the war effort. They gave the North 300 fighting men or thereabouts. So, how does that make show Robb different than book Robb in the end.Mostly the difference is that show Robb is less obscured by the PoV.Honestly, show Robb and book Robb aren't that different, it's just more obvious how much he screws up when he does it on television.
699	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-05-05	I still think that Tyrion's whitewashing is much more severe and I will be extremely surprised if he kills Shae.Agree with that. Someone will I'm sure, but not this Tyrion.
700	Zman1863	2013-05-05	It wasn't a great episode, especially compared to the last two. But they need to do a lot of set up for the later half of the season and they did a decent enough job. 
The Theon scene was too long. They've spent enough time establishing that he's being tortured by people unknown and their identity can be efficiently revealed after the RW occurs. Now they are really just taking time away from other story lines.  
The way they've gone with Gendry makes me a bit nervous as far as how it ends up. The "We will meet again" thing with Arya and Melisandre was interesting.
701	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Just a random book reader question this episode brought up: is Valar Morghulis a widely common phrase in the free cities? Or one specifically used by the Faceless Men?  It was strange to hear Melisandre and Thoros saying it.  But I could be incorrectly attributing it just to the Faceless Men. I know Dany hears it too, but I didn't think it was a common greeting..
702	Jolene Brown	2013-05-05	They may have made Joffrey responsible for the Tyrion assassination attempt in lieu of bringing back the Bran assassination storyline, which is WAY longer ago in show time at this point.
703	AryasNeedle	2013-05-05	Godric..I'm pretty sure it's a faceless man thing. I don't remember ever reading someone saying it in Westeros that wasn't Jaqen.
704	CincyBastard	2013-05-05	Sometimes people on here make me want to bash my head against the wall lol
The Theon/Ramsay arc needs to be shown to the tv viewers. If Theon disappears for a season or two and then shows up as Reek, the audience really isn't going to feel that emotionally attached to him. People who watch tv, for the most part, have small attention spans. By showing what exactly is happening to him, the audience will actually feel pity because they are witnessing his transformation into a broken man. This was easily my favorite moment in tonights episode.
I will also never understand why people are so sad that Ros died. All I read on here these past months is how people HATED her and couldn't wait to see her go away. And now that she has, all the posts I see are 'No, I am so sad she died!' Sometimes I think people just like to complain.
Also, not every character from the book can be in the show. Why some people can't get that through their heads is beyond me. Gendry/Edric storyline really isn' that different. Gendry could easily make it back in time to save Brienne if they go the route of Davos saving him and putting him on a ship. 
To the people freaking out about Cersei/Loras wedding, it isn't going to happen! Yes, the writers are putting the idea into the viewers heads that they will be married, but we as book readers know different! 
YES, the tv show will be different. If you haven't realized that by now, you haven't really been paying attention! There will be minor details changed that you won't like. Changes have to be made. Just sit back and relax and enjoy the show for what it is....an adaptation!
Overall, I really liked the episode. The only part that ruined it for me was the cheesy ending with Jon/Ygritte.
Sorry for the rant. I just feel like all some people want to do is bitch and moan about every little minor detail. JUST BE HAPPY! I swear you will feel much better lol Sorry for any bad grammer. I typed this pretty fast and I am really tired.
705	wolverine	2013-05-05	Just a random book reader question this episode brought up: is Valar Morghulis a widely common phrase in the free cities? Or one specifically used by the Faceless Men?  It was strange to hear Melisandre and Thoros saying it.  But I could be incorrectly attributing it just to the Faceless Men. I know Dany hears it too, but I didn't think it was a common greeting..Pretty sure it is at least somewhat common as is valar dohaeris.
706	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	I'm wondering about the whitewashing of Cersei too. Laying everything at Joffrey's door will certainly make the TV audience hate him more (as if we need any more reason after tonight) but what about when we really need to hate Cersei? Humanizing her is taking place too soon, IMO.One thing about the Mandon Moore order being put down to Joffrey- I've always been convinced that LF was behind that. Now with Ros, we have a proved connection between LF and Joff.Also, am I the only one who has complete confidence that Davos will save Gendry? I believe he will too! And somehow... it gives the Gendrya fangirl in me flight due to the fact in the book Edric goes across the narrow sea and Arya will be there not too long afterwards... I really need to stop reading fanfic...\editI actually disagree with this. Ramsay is supposed to be pretty much the most despicable person in the show, so i think we need plenty of scenes showing just how messed up he is. Also, those 2 are among the best actors on the show imo, so i'm really enjoying these scenes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> wish i had the like feature! D: I loved the scenes too. I look forward to those scenes now. Im such a sadist.
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 05 May 2013 - 10:09 PM.
707	boojam	2013-05-05	Bryan Cogman stated in an interview or on Winteriscoming.net that Loras and Margaery are the only Tyrell kids for now (meaning they can add other Tyrell sons in later if need be), but this episode seemed to rule it out, by Tywin stating that  if Loras were Kingsguarded, then succession would fall to Joffrey and Margaery's children. It seemed to rule out any other Don't remember that from the book.Well alliances like that , in medieval, were broken so many times one looses count.
708	wolverine	2013-05-05	Godric..I'm pretty sure it's a faceless man thing. I don't remember ever reading someone saying it in Westeros that wasn't Jaqen.Free Cities saying, not Westeros.
709	GeneralChen	2013-05-05	Good plot thickening episode.  I knew this one wasn't going to be very exciting.  Does anyone else want to barf when Loras is talking about Sansa's dress?  No, really, every guy in the realm likes to talk about dresses, lol.  Even though the parts with Theon are unnecessary, loved the Bastard flailing him. So gross.
710	Tyrion Lannister	2013-05-05	I still think that Tyrion's whitewashing is much more severe and I will be extremely surprised if he kills Shae.I will be too.  I'm thinking that instead of Tywin taking Shae into his bed, he'll have her killed, which will give Tyrion another reason to shoot him.
711	greensleeves	2013-05-05	I still think that Tyrion's whitewashing is much more severe and I will be extremely surprised if he kills Shae.Yes.In the books the difference between Tyrion's choices and Sansa's are made clear.  Tyrion is persuaded into the marriage.  They don't even bother to tell Sansa ahead of time, and when the big day comes she is told she'll be beaten and dragged before the altar if she's uncooperative.In the show they've made it look like they have the same level of choice.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 05 May 2013 - 10:13 PM.
712	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	Also, am I the only one who has complete confidence that Davos will save Gendry?I think it's pretty clear this will happen too.
713	AryasNeedle	2013-05-05	Free Cities saying, not Westeros.Well, yes. It's Valryrian.
714	Lord Twat-Beard	2013-05-05	That amazing moment when the music played in Jaqen H'ghar's scenes was the same as the music played after Melisandre told Arya "We will meet again." Hope some one else picked up on this, I got chills.
715	Tyrion Lannister	2013-05-05	I think it's pretty clear this will happen too.Yeah, agreed.  I'm not worried for Gendry; I think he'll be fine.
716	mafalda	2013-05-05	I'm sure it's been said before, but I really wanted Cillian Murphy to play Ramsay.And yes, Davos will totally save Gendry! Not sure where Gendry will go after this though.. would he even WANT to go back to the Brotherhood after they sold him for a sacrifice?
717	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Yes.In the books the difference between Tyrion's choices and Sansa's are made clear.Tyrion is persuaded into the marriage.  They don't even bother to tell Sansa ahead of time, and when the big day comes she is told she'll be beaten and dragged before the altar if she's uncooperative.In the show they've made it look like they have the same level of choice.I'm sorry but I don't think anyone believes Sansa has a choice.  Her thoughts are never taken into account, the only difference we see is that she isn't lead to the altar ignorant of what is happening.  We see Olenna planning for Loras, but there is no one to speak for Sansa.  She can't speak for herself and no one would stand up to speak for her.  I do not believe the show leaves open the idea that she could refuse the marriage if she so wished.  That's why she was staring after Littlefinger's ship in tears, *that* was her only chance out of the marriage.
718	boojam	2013-05-05	I'm guessing that Mel takes Gendry back to Dragonstone, and then the Edric Storm plot takes over, where she proposes burning him (or making a shadow baby?) and Davos frees him. Then he goes back to the BwB, but I'm kind of wondering why he would do that (in the show-verse) since they sold him. Maybe he'll go off on his own.  I am thinking they will follow the Davos narrative , as in the book, instead of going to Lys, Gendry will go to Braavos.But Arya and Gendry won't run into each other in Braavos for a long time.
719	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	I'm sure it's been said before, but I really wanted Cillian Murphy to play Ramsay.And yes, Davos will totally save Gendry! Not sure where Gendry will go after this though.. would he even WANT to go back to the Brotherhood after they sold him for a sacrifice? But Iwan is doing such a good job! Sides.. Cillian murphy way too old!
720	LyannaStargaryen	2013-05-05	Wait, what? Am I misreading this? Are you saying there was a scene with them in this episode?? I didn't see anything of the sort, did I miss something??Also, I see quite a few people having strong opinions against this episode and somehow it seems to me like most of them are from the "don't change anything from the books or you're the biggest sinners ever" camp. I'm very curious to see their reactions to next season, which is supposed to have even bigger deviations and changes from the book.Shame for you though, I love the books and I love the show, including this episode, which for me was the second strongest of the season.Sorry I think I got a bit confused and somehow fused the Jorah bit from episode 5 into this one, since I watched the back to back.  Apologies for confusing people!  That'll teach me to rewatch the previous outside before the new one...
721	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Side note, not sure anyone's brought this up...
Was the parallel between Arya's archery practice and the rather specific targets she used on the body, and the scene at the end with Joff and Ros, deliberate?
Because if so... frickin' creepy, D&D.
722	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Side note, not sure anyone's brought this up...Was the parallel between Arya's archery practice and the rather specific targets she used on the body, and the scene at the end with Joff and Ros, deliberate?Because if so... frickin' creepy, D&D.I think it certainly was.  Also the idea that Arya uses a real bow while Joffrey uses a crossbow...
723	boojam	2013-05-05	Explicitly said they were speaking high Valyrian, now for people from the free cities, that is a nice touch.
Have to see what David Peterson has to say about it.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 May 2013 - 10:23 PM.
724	greensleeves	2013-05-05	I'm sorry but I don't think anyone believes Sansa has a choice.  Her thoughts are never taken into account, the only difference we see is that she isn't lead to the altar ignorant of what is happening.  We see Olenna planning for Loras, but there is no one to speak for Sansa.  She can't speak for herself and no one would stand up to speak for her.  I do not believe the show leaves open the idea that she could refuse the marriage if she so wished.  That's why she was staring after Littlefinger's ship in tears, *that* was her only chance out of the marriage.Right... I'm not arguing that Sansa had a choice, but that the show is portraying Tyrion and Sansa's level of choice as the same.In the show we have both Tyrion and Sansa just being told they'll be married (presumably we didn't get to see Sansa's scene... Do we think Tyrion threatened her?), and then they are both unhappy about it.And yet their positions are different because Tyrion *does* have a choice.  He is not a prisoner.  This is clear in the books, and is made even clearer when contrasted with Sansa's treatment on the matter.
725	boojam	2013-05-05	Yes.In the books the difference between Tyrion's choices and Sansa's are made clear.  Tyrion is persuaded into the marriage.  They don't even bother to tell Sansa ahead of time, and when the big day comes she is told she'll be beaten and dragged before the altar if she's uncooperative.In the show they've made it look like they have the same level of choice.Yeah don't know why they changed that. Could of found some other way to work in some more dialog time for Peter than that.One trump for George there.
726	rmholt	2013-05-05	Oh my lord I have to watch Blackwater again to wash out the awful.
The Climb:  What was that James Bond/Eiger Sanction thing with Jon and Orell? Not clear why they have to invent an enemy for Jon in his battallion.  I think they could have had the experienced climbers go first as in the book - not Jon and Ygritte being in the first team without ruining the story or taking longer. It was cheap and gimmicky.
Any more scenes putting LF and Varys together should be immediately cut because i have had enough.  Some other device to keep us partially informed is called for. Their badinage isnt real informative or clever.
For those who wanted Ros gone, I blame you for that scene.
Smartassery was not the right tone for the Tyrion-Shae-Sansa scene.
The scene of Sam and Gilly was sweet and not completely ruined by Sam pulling that giant obsidian dagger out of his a** 
Mel and Thoros together and Gendry whisked away - well I hope they havent gone too far out on a limb here.  It could work.  We shall see.
Seizures, really? Osha and Meera sniping? Really awfu and wastes of time.  Jojen's big prediction landed like a dead fish after all the drama.
Reek and Theon shone.  
The Frey-Robb-Tully scene was also fine.  They even found some weasely faces.
I dont know if I can stand to rewatch this to give a better assessment.
727	Oakenfist	2013-05-05	Right... I'm not arguing that Sansa had a choice, but that the show is portraying Tyrion and Sansa's level of choice as the same.In the show we have both Tyrion and Sansa just being told they'll be married (presumably we didn't get to see Sansa's scene... Do we think Tyrion threatened her?), and then they are both unhappy about it.And yet their positions are different because Tyrion *does* have a choice.  He is not a prisoner.  This is clear in the books, and is made even clearer when contrasted with Sansa's treatment on the matter.Tyrion has the choice to flee KL or stay and do his duty as Tywin's son. Not really much of a choice.
728	rmholt	2013-05-05	Yunkai!!!! They showed Yunkai in the intro!!Last week too
729	Florent Vixen	2013-05-05	I don't believe for a second Tyrion is going to kill
Shay on the show. He's a hero on the show. Tywin
will either have her killed or she'll be shipped off to
parts unknown.
Davos will likely save Gendry as he saved/ instead of saving
Edric Storm in the books. But I can't imagine why Gendry
would want to go back to the Brotherhood. 
Mel was working her creepy "charm" this episode.
But it was weird having her have scenes with
Thoras and Arya.
730	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	OK...on rewatch....
Mel looks into Arya's eyes and says 'I see darkness there.  And looking back at me, brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes.  Eyes that you'll shut forever.  We will meet again'
731	Warden of the North121	2013-05-05	Sometimes people on here make me want to bash my head against the wall lolThe Theon/Ramsay arc needs to be shown to the tv viewers. If Theon disappears for a season or two and then shows up as Reek, the audience really isn't going to feel that emotionally attached to him. People who watch tv, for the most part, have small attention spans. By showing what exactly is happening to him, the audience will actually feel pity because they are witnessing his transformation into a broken man. This was easily my favorite moment in tonights episode.I will also never understand why people are so sad that Ros died. All I read on here these past months is how people HATED her and couldn't wait to see her go away. And now that she has, all the posts I see are 'No, I am so sad she died!' Sometimes I think people just like to complain.Also, not every character from the book can be in the show. Why some people can't get that through their heads is beyond me. Gendry/Edric storyline really isn' that different. Gendry could easily make it back in time to save Brienne if they go the route of Davos saving him and putting him on a ship.To the people freaking out about Cersei/Loras wedding, it isn't going to happen! Yes, the writers are putting the idea into the viewers heads that they will be married, but we as book readers know different!YES, the tv show will be different. If you haven't realized that by now, you haven't really been paying attention! There will be minor details changed that you won't like. Changes have to be made. Just sit back and relax and enjoy the show for what it is....an adaptation!Overall, I really liked the episode. The only part that ruined it for me was the cheesy ending with Jon/Ygritte.Sorry for the rant. I just feel like all some people want to do is bitch and moan about every little minor detail. JUST BE HAPPY! I swear you will feel much better lol Sorry for any bad grammer. I typed this pretty fast and I am really tired.Sometimes people on here make me want to bash my head against the wall lolThe Theon/Ramsay arc needs to be shown to the tv viewers. If Theon disappears for a season or two and then shows up as Reek, the audience really isn't going to feel that emotionally attached to him. People who watch tv, for the most part, have small attention spans. By showing what exactly is happening to him, the audience will actually feel pity because they are witnessing his transformation into a broken man. This was easily my favorite moment in tonights episode.I will also never understand why people are so sad that Ros died. All I read on here these past months is how people HATED her and couldn't wait to see her go away. And now that she has, all the posts I see are 'No, I am so sad she died!' Sometimes I think people just like to complain.Also, not every character from the book can be in the show. Why some people can't get that through their heads is beyond me. Gendry/Edric storyline really isn' that different. Gendry could easily make it back in time to save Brienne if they go the route of Davos saving him and putting him on a ship.To the people freaking out about Cersei/Loras wedding, it isn't going to happen! Yes, the writers are putting the idea into the viewers heads that they will be married, but we as book readers know different!YES, the tv show will be different. If you haven't realized that by now, you haven't really been paying attention! There will be minor details changed that you won't like. Changes have to be made. Just sit back and relax and enjoy the show for what it is....an adaptation!Overall, I really liked the episode. The only part that ruined it for me was the cheesy ending with Jon/Ygritte.Sorry for the rant. I just feel like all some people want to do is bitch and moan about every little minor detail. JUST BE HAPPY! I swear you will feel much better lol Sorry for any bad grammer. I typed this pretty fast and I am really tired.I couldn't agree more with this comment. Well said sir.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 05 May 2013 - 10:28 PM.
732	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-05-05	Duh!  I was thinking she saw all the people she was going to kill in her eyes, but that makes way more sense.Right after Mel describes the eyes she sees in the darkness, she says Arya will shut those eyes forever. Sounds to me like she's saying Arya will kill the owners of those eyes.
733	Kasrith	2013-05-05	Gilly "you've got too much wood in there"
Atta boy Sam
734	Oakenfist	2013-05-05	For the seemingly vast majority of people who think Tyrion won't kill Shae anymore.
Well done D&D, you've successfully fooled the book readers.
735	greensleeves	2013-05-05	Tyrion has the choice to flee KL or stay and do his duty as Tywin's son. Not really much of a choice.Tywin and Kevan go to the trouble of persuading Tyrion (it's a relatively lengthy conversation)... they wouldn't have done that if Tyrion couldn't say 'no'.  Also, Tyrion himself offers to let Sansa wed Lancel... meaning, again, that he can get out of it.  He was pressured and persuaded into that marriage.  Sansa was forced.
736	Zman1863	2013-05-05	Right... I'm not arguing that Sansa had a choice, but that the show is portraying Tyrion and Sansa's level of choice as the same.In the show we have both Tyrion and Sansa just being told they'll be married (presumably we didn't get to see Sansa's scene... Do we think Tyrion threatened her?), and then they are both unhappy about it.And yet their positions are different because Tyrion *does* have a choice.  He is not a prisoner.  This is clear in the books, and is made even clearer when contrasted with Sansa's treatment on the matter.He has a choice to marry her or let her be married to another relation. The benefits of the marriage clearly weigh in favor of him accepting it. But none of those benefits exist without a consummation which he decides against that. I agree that the show tends to whitewash Tryion, but the reality is that he ends up being the good guy in this part of the story.
737	Newstar	2013-05-05	Smartassery was not the right tone for the Tyrion-Shae-Sansa scene.I didn't find the scene had a smartass tone. I actually kind of liked the decision to cut away, since I think the average viewer would have a pretty decent idea of how the scene would play out: Sansa would be freaking out and trying not to cry, Shae would be furious but trying to keep a lid on it, and Tyrion would be awkward, chagrined and grim. We didn't need to see the scene to understand Sansa's devastation: the wordless shot of Sansa in tears watching her only shot at escaping King's Landing sail into the sunset was all that was needed.To be fair, though, while I personally appreciated the approach the writers took, I saw a lot of comments after the episode wondering what exactly was awkward. They didn't seem to understand that Tyrion was breaking the news of his engagement to Sansa.He has a choice to marry her or let her be married to another relation.In the books, yes, but not in the show. In the show, there is no alternative floated at any point. The TV writing indicates that Tyrion is the only husband Tywin will accept for Sansa, and that he has as little choice as Cersei does in marrying Loras. Tyrion asks if there's any way out of the arrangement and Cersei's suggestion is having both Sansa and Loras killed. She's joking (I hope?), but the implication is that both Lannister siblings believe that death is the only way out of their engagements.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 10:41 PM.
738	sarah.jenice	2013-05-05	Does anyone else who didn't like Ros feel responsible for killing her because I sure do?
I've disliked her and agreed with all of the complaints about her taking up screen time, but she didn't deserve to go out like that. I guess Joff really couldn't catch the bunnies so he had to tie up a whore to practice with his crossbow.
I can't understand what they are doing to Tormund. He's one of my favorite characters in the book, but I guess since the entire raiding party sans Tormund, Orell, Jon and Ygritte fell off the Wall and died, Tormund will be able to escape during the battle so he can have his later plot with Jon.
I'm really loving all of the scenes with Jamie and Brienne. They steal the show for me. 
I didn't like Edmure at first, but he was hilarious in this episode wanting to pick his own Frey and the Blackfish is awesome. I've warned my husband about the Red Wedding but didn't tell him whose wedding it was and now he completely figured it out with Edmure's pending nuptials. 
I wanted to kick someone when Mel kidnapped Gendry. That just felt completely wrong, and I hope Gendry doesn't have any purpose to serve with the BWB in the books because how could they possibly explain him going back now. I was just waiting for Arya to tell him she would come for him or something, but she didn't. He did abandon her and all, but I was hoping she'd fight for him a little more. I never hated Mel in the books but the show really, really makes me hate her. If only Arya could have just stabbed her there...
739	Florent Vixen	2013-05-05	Also when I see Joffrey with a crossbow on the
show I think of Jaime's line in the books about
the crossbow being a cowards weapon.
I didn't like the character of Ros. She was just there
to provide obligatory HBO nudity. But I think how they
killed her off was cheap, cynical and sensationalistic.
Joffrey is a psychopath. Big news!
740	DreamSongs	2013-05-05	Gilly "you've got too much wood in there"Atta boy Sam/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
741	Prince DragonFly	2013-05-05	It seems to me that Davos will smuggle Gendry across the Narrow Sea and that will play into Arya's reasoning to take flight to Essos. TV viewers might not be ok with her leaving the scene and not exacting revenge right away unless she goes looking for Gendry.
742	The Storm King	2013-05-05	Ros finally dead about time 
i liked LF+chaos thing
i thought jon and ygritte would be atleast a little pissed at orell since he cut of the rope but no -.-
i like Olenna i wish she would have won against tywin it wouldve made her awesomer
sansa has a shitty day whats new
oh they replaced edric storm with gendry 
certainly not one of the best episodes of the season
743	alwayswinter	2013-05-05	Sometimes people on here make me want to bash my head against the wall lolThe Theon/Ramsay arc needs to be shown to the tv viewers. If Theon disappears for a season or two and then shows up as Reek, the audience really isn't going to feel that emotionally attached to him. People who watch tv, for the most part, have small attention spans. By showing what exactly is happening to him, the audience will actually feel pity because they are witnessing his transformation into a broken man. This was easily my favorite moment in tonights episode.I will also never understand why people are so sad that Ros died. All I read on here these past months is how people HATED her and couldn't wait to see her go away. And now that she has, all the posts I see are 'No, I am so sad she died!' Sometimes I think people just like to complain.Also, not every character from the book can be in the show. Why some people can't get that through their heads is beyond me. Gendry/Edric storyline really isn' that different. Gendry could easily make it back in time to save Brienne if they go the route of Davos saving him and putting him on a ship.To the people freaking out about Cersei/Loras wedding, it isn't going to happen! Yes, the writers are putting the idea into the viewers heads that they will be married, but we as book readers know different!YES, the tv show will be different. If you haven't realized that by now, you haven't really been paying attention! There will be minor details changed that you won't like. Changes have to be made. Just sit back and relax and enjoy the show for what it is....an adaptation!Overall, I really liked the episode. The only part that ruined it for me was the cheesy ending with Jon/Ygritte.Sorry for the rant. I just feel like all some people want to do is bitch and moan about every little minor detail. JUST BE HAPPY! I swear you will feel much better lol Sorry for any bad grammer. I typed this pretty fast and I am really tired. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
744	rmholt	2013-05-05	Seem like we just get one of our first spoilers for books 6/7 with Mel's line to Arya that they'll meet again, right?THe only book spoilers from the TV show are that Osha will be getting more action than GRRM originally planned.
745	Minsc	2013-05-05	He has a choice to marry her or let her be married to another relation. The benefits of the marriage clearly weigh in favor of him accepting it. But none of those benefits exist without a consummation which he decides against that. I agree that the show tends to whitewash Tryion, but the reality is that he ends up being the good guy in this part of the story.He ends up being a decent human being, agreeing to not have sex with an unwilling frightened abused young girl doesn't make one a good guy only not a monster.
746	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	For the seemingly vast majority of people who think Tyrion won't kill Shae anymore.Well done D&D, you've successfully fooled the book readers.Getting that impression too.FWIW, I think a lot of book readers here forget that Tyrion's storyline does kind of undergo a gradual descent - in the books, he really is on the lighter side of the anti-hero scale fairly early on.  He gets a bit darker post-Blackwater, and I think we've already started to see a bit of that this season.
747	rmholt	2013-05-05	I'm really loving all of the scenes with Jamie and Brienne. They steal the show for me.I didn't like Edmure at first, but he was hilarious in this episode wanting to pick his own Frey and the Blackfish is awesome. I've warned my husband about the Red Wedding but didn't tell him whose wedding it was and now he completely figured it out with Edmure's pending nuptials...Who ever is playing Edmure is doing great - I have completely replaced my book brain Edmure with him.I liked them making Brienne beautiful.  A deviation from the books that worked.
748	Bastard of Boston	2013-05-05	Really liked the episode, overall -- not better than the previous two, but lots of cool moments.
Though we never see it in the books, I loved Thoros and Mel interacting. There's such a mystique surrounding the Red God, and the books always keep Red priests fairly isolated. It was very intriguing to see two authorities of the Red God conversing. Mel always seems to be in positions of power when see her in the books. With Thoros, I loved seeing someone talk down to her. It's as if he knows what she's about and he isn't impressed. And also, her awe at seeing how he brought Beric back so many times. Really enjoyed that.
I just really enjoy Thoros in general. Whenever I feel as if the show has done something really great with a character I never really felt one way or the other for, it motivates me to do re-reads. I'd love to read Thoros with the show's interpretation in mind.
Sansa/Loras and Olenna/Tywin were comedic gold in this episode. What is brocade, anyway? From now on, it's going to be code word when referring to someone as gay.
Poor Bran. His arc has absolutely nothing happening, but the alternative is something akin to what we got with Dany last season. So, I'll take these uneventful peeks at his trek over a potential disaster of an invented arc.
It's been said before, but I loved how cinematic the entire Wall climb was. And the end of the episode? Cheesy as it was, it even felt like the end to a movie, with the grandiose view of the world beyond the Wall and the kiss. Given how things are going to go from here on out, I don't mind the show giving viewers a little bit of a happy ending to one of these episodes -- not anything anyone should get used to.
I fucking love how Ramsay is essentially Gollum. Casting gold. As much as people hate the looks into Theon's narrative this season, I don't mind it. Alfie gives a great fucking performance. He's really going to take us into all of the lows which Theon experiences. And, I just fucking love seeing Ramsay be Ramsay. I don't know if I should be admitting this, but I was giddy watching him tonight. I truly get off watching these characters brought to life on my screen. I didn't enjoy the torture, but I enjoyed the birth of Ramsay fucking Bolton. Hide your kids, hide your wife, Westeros.
749	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-05	Gilly "you've got too much wood in there"Atta boy SamSorry, but I had to steal this line and post it on EW's weekly recap.It is a really funny line.
750	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	I haven't seen it mentioned that Littlefinger's speech seems to finally be some concrete evidence about what Littlefinger's motivations are (well, as concrete as the show can be for the books).  Most people have assumed that LF just wants chaos to raise himself, but others have wanted there to be something more, some other underlying motivation like with Varys, but I think this episode summed up nicely that it's all about the climb.
751	Druze	2013-05-05	I was waiting for Olenna to rub it in Tywin's face.."It would be an honor...to have Loras in the Kingsguard."  So, then what *will* break the betrothal?I think we're gonna have a secret pledge between the Lannisters and Tyrells to deal with one wedding  at a time and once the first KL wedding is over, well we know Cersei won't be as constrained as she is now /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
752	Ampris	2013-05-05	My list of observations for tonight's episode:
1) I really wish they would hurry up Sam the Slayer, if it's coming, because I don't know how many more incompetent scenes with him I can take.
2) I have a huge crush on Meera Reed. And the sexual tension between her and Osha is awesome.
3) I need to refresh on Jojen Reed because I don't recall him having seizures during the visions. But maybe I am misremembering.
4) Ygritte saying Jon Snow is scared of naked girls made me laugh. But then Ygritte telling Jon she knows he was still loyal to the NW but now he has to be loyal to her =( <U+0080><U+009C>Don<U+0080><U+0099>t ever betray me<U+0080><U+009D> That made me really sad.
5) Anyone else notice they spelled Rhllor wrong in the subtitles (Rhollor); what do you make of Valar morghulis and valar dohaeris? I noticed before they made him the same as the God of Many Faces with Jaqen's scenes but it seems they are continuing with that. As for Melisandre talking about eyes Arya will shut forever <U+0080><U+0093> FM foreshadowing is my vote. She said Arya will close them.
6) Guess people were right about Ramsay hunting the Stark boys and that being the reason that Bran and Rickon have to split up. Good call.
7) The Blackfish continues to entertain. "The laws of my fists are about to compel your teeth!"
8) Poor Robb, saying he is lost if they don't ally with Frey and do it now. You are lost anyway =(
9) Lady Olenna is comic relief yet again.
"Old <U+0080><U+0093> I<U+0080><U+0099>m something of an expert on the subject!"
"A sword swallower through and through!"
10) I wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t liking the change in the wall scene before the cracking ice but when that came it just pissed me off. It<U+0080><U+0099>s touching that he saved her but it completely changes their relationship. The fucking up of the dynamic between Jon Snow - Ygritte is the one thing that has been bugging me the most about this season.
11) lol Loras remembering to add <U+0080><U+009C>and the bride of course<U+0080><U+009D> But he is sympathetic to Sansa and that made me sad, talking about how terrible King's Landing is.
12) Ugh Joffrey ordering the KG to murder Tyrion? They keep giving all of Cersei's machinations to Joffrey. I could forgive a few things they gave to him but not this one.
13) My first thought with the scene between LF and Varys was that Ros haters will be happy. Omg I wrote that even before I saw what happened to her. That<U+0080><U+0099>s too horrible even for Joffrey. I hope Margaery doesn't participate in the future, all that foreshadowing with the crossbow was there.
14) That end scene on the wall was beautiful <3
753	Minsc	2013-05-05	FWIW, I think a lot of book readers here forget that Tyrion's storyline does kind of undergo a gradual descent - in the books, he really is on the lighter side of the anti-hero scale fairly early on.  He gets a bit darker post-Blackwater, and I think we've already started to see a bit of that this season.What has Tyrion done so far this season that is even little bit dark?  As all I have seen is him being abused and mistreated by everybody while they continue to make him a good guy.
754	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-05-05	I have a feeling that Mel doesn't kill Gendry, as I think there was a clip of them both naked in a room together or something. I have a feeling he bangs her and makes a shadow baby to kill Balon and his blood through the leeches for Robb and Joff and she will let him go.Oh yes, that makes sense dtones... since she DID tell Stannis he will be King but he is not strong enough right now to bear a son. Maybe Gendry will serve as a sex slave since he seems to be taking the place of Edric Storm in the show series.  I hope the show does not kill off Gendry I still have hopes for him and Arya to find each other down the line. I don't think she will remain faceless her whole life. I think she will live a long time and one day return to Winterfell. (I know...I'm an idealist)
755	Druze	2013-05-05	Is it weird that I could watch a whole episode of Ramsay/Theon?! The casting for house Bolton is superb imo.Not weird at all.  I think it's awesome we get Reek/Theon Ramsay action that we only read about in past-tense in ADWD.  Lots of stuff that was only hinted at in ADWD which is a screenwriters wet dream in regards to Theon.  Reek reek, rhymes with I'd like some more of these twisted scenes every week /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
756	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	I'm not sure why everyone is hating on Sam being shit at making a fire. Of all the characters I'd want to build a fire for me, Sam is definitely among the last.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 May 2013 - 10:50 PM.
757	sarah.jenice	2013-05-05	Oh yes, that makes sense dtones... since she DID tell Stannis he will be King but he is not strong enough right now to bear a son. Maybe Gendry will serve as a sex slave since he seems to be taking the place of Edric Storm in the show series.  I hope the show does not kill off Gendry I still have hopes for him and Arya to find each other down the line. I don't think she will remain faceless her whole life. I think she will live a long time and one day return to Winterfell. (I know...I'm an idealist)I really, really don't want to see Gendry and Mel. If I saw them naked in a preview, I must have completely repressed it.
758	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-05-05	My list of observations for tonight's episode:1) I really wish they would hurry up Sam the Slayer, if it's coming, because I don't know how many more incompetent scenes with him I can take.2) I have a huge crush on Meera Reed. And the sexual tension between her and Osha is awesome.3) I need to refresh on Jojen Reed because I don't recall him having seizures during the visions. But maybe I am misremembering.4) Ygritte saying Jon Snow is scared of naked girls made me laugh. But then Ygritte telling Jon she knows he was still loyal to the NW but now he has to be loyal to her =( <U+0080><U+009C>Don<U+0080><U+0099>t ever betray me<U+0080><U+009D> That made me really sad.5) Anyone else notice they spelled Rhllor wrong in the subtitles (Rhollor); what do you make of Valar morghulis and valar dohaeris? I noticed before they made him the same as the God of Many Faces with Jaqen's scenes but it seems they are continuing with that. As for Melisandre talking about eyes Arya will shut forever <U+0080><U+0093> FM foreshadowing is my vote. She said Arya will close them.6) Guess people were right about Ramsay hunting the Stark boys and that being the reason that Bran and Rickon have to split up. Good call.7) The Blackfish continues to entertain. "The laws of my fists are about to compel your teeth!"8) Poor Robb, saying he is lost if they don't ally with Frey and do it now. You are lost anyway =(9) Lady Olenna is comic relief yet again."Old <U+0080><U+0093> I<U+0080><U+0099>m something of an expert on the subject!""A sword swallower through and through!"10) I wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t liking the change in the wall scene before the cracking ice but when that came it just pissed me off. It<U+0080><U+0099>s touching that he saved her but it completely changes their relationship. The fucking up of the dynamic between Jon Snow - Ygritte is the one thing that has been bugging me the most about this season.11) lol Loras remembering to add <U+0080><U+009C>and the bride of course<U+0080><U+009D> But he is sympathetic to Sansa and that made me sad, talking about how terrible King's Landing is.12) Ugh Joffrey ordering the KG to murder Tyrion? They keep giving all of Cersei's machinations to Joffrey. I could forgive a few things they gave to him but not this one.13) My first thought with the scene between LF and Varys was that Ros haters will be happy. Omg I wrote that even before I saw what happened to her. That<U+0080><U+0099>s too horrible even for Joffrey. I hope Margaery doesn't participate in the future, all that foreshadowing with the crossbow was there.14) That end scene on the wall was beautiful <3Thanks for that!!  I enjoyed, laughed, cried (with you) and agreed!! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
759	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-05-05	Sorry, but I had to steal this line and post it on EW's weekly recap.It is a really funny line.Followed up with "What does it do?" (about the dagger) which I also found very funny for some reason. I actually loved that scene and the way the camera work built tension. Felt like something was about to jump out from behind a tree the whole time.
760	Ser Creighton	2013-05-05	Arya will kill a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person...which to me suggests a Lannister.Ahh the legendary 3 eyed Lannister known throughout the realm as Blinky, Blinky Lannister Tyrions evil little brother.
761	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	What has Tyrion done so far this season that is even little bit dark?  As all I have seen is him being abused and mistreated by everybody while they continue to make him a good guy.I feel like he's been a lot more serious and a lot less glib than he was in past seasons.  And he's become much, much more angry at his father than he's shown in, for example, the couple of season 1 scenes we've seen with him.  I'm not saying he's doing reprehensible things, just that every episode it seems like he's seething more and more.
762	rmholt	2013-05-05	Is it weird that I could watch a whole episode of Ramsay/Theon?! The casting for house Bolton is superb imo.We'll be weird together.  His teeth look too good for instance. My little finger was squirming in empathy.I thought LF was suggesting he had given Ros to Qyburn for experiments, actually.Qyburn is at Harrenhal still and he is Cersei's critter until proven otherwise.Ditto who ever is complaining about the "give my regards to Robb Stark/Tywin Lannister" - this happens on their departure which hasnt happened yet.  So it could still be said.Also I am terrible at Multquote but I take Cersei with a grain of salt when she lets Tyrion believe Joffrey was behind Mandon Moore's attempt at murdering Tyrion.  They are just getting too friendly and I wonder if she is lulling Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 05 May 2013 - 11:00 PM.
763	rmholt	2013-05-05	Ahh the legendary 3 eyed Lannister known throughout the realm as Blinky, Blinky Lannister Tyrions evil little brother.3 eyed lion?  Really the eye color fetish ...
764	mafalda	2013-05-05	But Iwan is doing such a good job! Sides.. Cillian murphy way too old!He's doing ok. I'm in the minority here, everyone seems to love him being the bastard, but reading the books, I kept picturing Cillian. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Does anyone else who didn't like Ros feel responsible for killing her because I sure do?I've disliked her and agreed with all of the complaints about her taking up screen time, but she didn't deserve to go out like that. I guess Joff really couldn't catch the bunnies so he had to tie up a whore to practice with his crossbow.I can't understand what they are doing to Tormund. He's one of my favorite characters in the book, but I guess since the entire raiding party sans Tormund, Orell, Jon and Ygritte fell off the Wall and died, Tormund will be able to escape during the battle so he can have his later plot with Jon.I'm really loving all of the scenes with Jamie and Brienne. They steal the show for me.I didn't like Edmure at first, but he was hilarious in this episode wanting to pick his own Frey and the Blackfish is awesome. I've warned my husband about the Red Wedding but didn't tell him whose wedding it was and now he completely figured it out with Edmure's pending nuptials.I wanted to kick someone when Mel kidnapped Gendry. That just felt completely wrong, and I hope Gendry doesn't have any purpose to serve with the BWB in the books because how could they possibly explain him going back now. I was just waiting for Arya to tell him she would come for him or something, but she didn't. He did abandon her and all, but I was hoping she'd fight for him a little more. I never hated Mel in the books but the show really, really makes me hate her. If only Arya could have just stabbed her there...I had a total "Yay she's dead... damn" moment. It sucks that they had Joffrey kill her. I feel like how Elle felt in Kill Bill 2 when she thought Beatrix was killed by Budd. But not as much respect as she had for Beatrix, ya know, but moreso that she was killed by such vermin.Anyway, regardless of my dislike for Ros, the actress is a talented and beautiful girl and hopefully she will find work elsewhere. Just not Game of Thrones.
765	Rockroi	2013-05-05	I have a few comments to share on what I thought was a very well done episode:What I liked:Tywin I: I thought this was a perfect episode where Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s power and hubris was brought in perfect contrast to Olenna<U+0080><U+0099>s grace and wit.  Tywin was as great as he has ever been.  I thought that both characters were equal to the other (unlike the prior discussions between Olenna and Tyrion/Varys etc wherein each of them turned into a stuttering fool) .  Olenna may be working an angle, but if so, why wait?  If she wanted Loras married to Cersei all along, why fight against it?  I think Tywin scored a big win, but I cannot imagine Olenna going quietly on this.  Regardless, Tywin at the meeting and then having Tyrion and Cersei struggling to simply cope with their new reality was tremendous.  In so many ways, while Chaos may be the rope, the one holding the strings is still THAT guy. The Scale: I felt the difficulty in this episode and in the huge, monolith that was erected: be it Tywin, be it giving up the God, whether it be the Wall itself.  I thought that using the <U+0080><U+009C>Climb<U+0080><U+009D> up the Wall as an allegory of the entire episode worked very well.  And the actual climb tied into the actual love story of Ygritte and Jon was very well done (though definitely not subtle; I thought that last shot was grand and huge and ham-fisted).  I really thought that the episode showed us in all aspects just how hard everything really is. Nice Touch: I liked how Yigritte made fun of Jon Snow by quoting <U+0080> Jon Snow.  I have said- many many many times that Jon Snow can kill dead things, go beyond the Wall etc and he<U+0080><U+0099>s fine, but show the kid one tit and he pees himself.  Made no sense in the book.  So, it was refreshing to hear Ygritte share my own ridicule. Not so nice touch: I think that in hindsight there is no way anyone could ever climb that Wall.  Like ever. Nicest Touch: Tormon Ginatsbane is rapidly becoming one of my favorite characters.  Tough, decent, determined and strangely kind.  He is the most complete of the third-level characters. The (Little) Rope: I will say that while I am relatively unimpressed with the <U+0080><U+009C>Obvious<U+0080><U+009D> scenes wherein characters who are talking should not be actually talking, I thought that the LF-Varys back-and-forth was great.  Varys, strangely, represents optimism, hope and fulfillment; LF represents a bleak dystopia wherein all there is are rope and ash.  And he is the one watching others climb.  That dichotomy was a very well-needed bookmark for this episode and this series.   Poor Roz.The Treaty: I liked almost every aspect of the Stark-Frey peace process, and I REALLY liked how Robb basically turned to Edmure and said <U+0080><U+009C>You are paying for my monumental screw-up.<U+0080><U+009D>  Even the part where the Blackfish makes his threat, it<U+0080><U+0099>s the rational side of this family that supersedes the emotional.  For once (heh).  I really enjoyed that scene. What I am Not Sure On:Chasing Gendry: While the removal of the Westerling brood morphed a major plot arc, there has been no greater departure from books to show than having Mel wander into the Brotherhood camp (so the entire Lannisters cannot find them but this woman and 4 guys found them after, what 3 days?) and immediately takes Gendry.  The implication is vast, but let me state a few things:1. I am not a book purist.2. Exchanging Gendry for Edric Storm was a wise move and greatly improved the economy of characters; it greatly streamlines plot, actors, time and pace.  It<U+0080><U+0099>s a wise move.3. I think the footprint of the <U+0080><U+009C>Lord of Light<U+0080><U+009D> was well done and kept in-line with the show.  I especially enjoyed the interplay between Mel, the true believer, and Thoros, the fraud who became a believer.  That worked<U+0080>.<U+0080>But<U+0080>.It becomes hard to swallow the <U+0080><U+009C>Brotherhood Without Banners<U+0080><U+009D> as a democracy of rogues and scalawags who are there <U+0080><U+009C>for the people<U+0080><U+009D> and then turn around and say <U+0080><U+009C>Oh, yeah, cool, take him- no biggie.<U+0080><U+009D>  Leave aside the reality that BLACKSMITHS ARE VALUABLE!  But everyone is cool with this?  Thoros, Bedric, etc?  Everyone is fine, right?  And they have no internal debate about this?  WTF??   I am not sure I buy this nor am I sure that I buy that these men would do that.  This turn in the story ONLY makes sense<U+0080><U+0080> if you are writing the episode and know that Stannis needs a Baratheon child.  Ugh<U+0080>The End of Roz: As I stated recently, I ultimately think that I liked Roz and I enjoyed that she was fun.  So<U+0080> how does she end?  To show us again how stupid and cruel Joff is?  I thought we knew that already?  I think there was no reason to kill Roz, but maybe it worked because, well, the whole REASON Roz was there in the first place was because the writers wanted a catch-all to follow the story.  Well, once she was no longer needed<U+0080>The Bickering: There is an element of the show that I enjoy and that is that merely because you and I are on the same side does not mean we get along.  We saw that with the Karstarks and Starks, the Lannisters and Tyrells.  Now we see it with the fragments of the Starks.  First we see it with the Reeds and Osha and their squabbles; then we see it with Tyrion and Shae as he has to tell her that he will marry Sansa.  But here is my problem<U+0080>really<U+0080> who cares?  I don<U+0080><U+0099>t give a flying fuck if Osha loves Meera opr hates her; I don<U+0080><U+0099>t care if Shae is cool with the idea of Tyrion marrying Sansa or if she is heart-broken.  I don<U+0080><U+0099>t care.  I find that micor-management of the show and the relationships to be boring.  I want more out of the story by delving into those things we care about and not expanding into the minutia of what we don<U+0080><U+0099>t care about. Note: I also have a deep seated fear that the reason Shae is the way she is is SPECIFICALLY so she can be <U+0080><U+009C>broken hearted<U+0080><U+009D> about Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s marriage, and THAT is what compels her actions at the end of SoS.  That would just suck.  Out loud, suck. What I did not like:There was no scene that I really disliked. With all that said this episode felt fine, but it also had gaping, empty parts that I did not enjoy as much,.  But that<U+0080><U+0099>s fine.  While I wonder why I had to watch Sam and Gilly in the woods and why I had to watch the stuff I said above, I get a lot of this and can appreciate the readjustment of the pace. But I hope it returns to the quality of the last three episodes soon.
766	Ampris	2013-05-05	I thought LF was suggesting he had given Ros to Qyburn for experiments, actually.Me too! Till I realized I think Qyburn is still in Harrenhal right now. Not KL yet
767	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	Moment of foreshadowing between Arya and Mel?  Does this point to something happening in the winds of winter and beyond?  My mind cannot stop thinking about the possibilities...
768	Kasrith	2013-05-05	Sorry, but I had to steal this line and post it on EW's weekly recap.It is a really funny line.They don't call him Sam the Slayer for nothing
769	Newstar	2013-05-05	Something that occurred to me:
Sansa is chatting away with Shae about her marriage to Loras (the superior dressmakers in Highgarden, the possibility of inviting her family to the wedding), so Shae knows about the Loras/Sansa engagement. Did she tell Tyrion about it? Tyrion didn't seem terribly surprised when Tywin mentioned the news of the Loras/Sansa engagement in 3x05. Could it be because he already knew? I find it hard to believe Tyrion would sit on that information. Or did Shae choose to keep that information to herself because she didn't trust Tyrion with it?
Another interesting point is that Shae clearly knows Loras is gay (the wry "I'm sure he does" in response to Sansa prattling about Loras' love of brocade) but did not choose to clue Sansa in. Was it because she figured Sansa would be happier away from King's Landing even if she knew Loras was gay? Could she not bear to ruin Sansa's happiness? If Shae's as protective of Sansa as she claims, surely she wouldn't want to send her off into a marriage she knew would be loveless, and yet it seemed as if she was willing to allow Sansa to labour under her illusions about Loras without telling her the truth, which is what a friend would do. Very curious.
We might never get clarification on these points--whether Shae deliberately sat on the Loras/Sansa engagement and why she chose to withhold her knowledge of Loras' orientation from Sansa--but they do pose interesting questions.
We also got a reminder in this episode of Shae warning Sansa not to trust her in 2x06, and Sansa stating innocently in this episode that she trusted her anyway. That seems like a big warning sign that Sansa and Shae's BFFdom has an expiry date.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 11:15 PM.
770	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	Ding dong Ros is dead!!!!!
771	Jasta11	2013-05-05	Good episode. Not as great as the last two, but that was expected, they can't just hammer the audience with payoffs all the time.The Climb looked great albeit you could tell the CGI sometimes. The ending was kinda cheesy, but I guess it's the sort of thing people who went though such a harrowing experience would do. The ''glad-to-be-alive-with-you'' kiss, so to speak.Tywin and Olenna was great. Charles Dance nails the role oh so much, and more japes from QoT is always welcome (sword swallower had me roaring with laugher).Theon and Ramsay. Just... Jeez. I wasn't certain Ramsay's actor could pull it off at first. Well, objection completely withdrawn, this guy is an amazing actor. Best scene of this episode.I loved Thoros and Meli's interactions. Then again, I guess I could enjoy a Meli-anything interation, her actress is so damn hot, pun very much intended. Gendry's trading was a bit abrupt, I expected him to resist more. Or for Arya to do more than just protest. Interesting prophecy too.Littlefinger finally reveals himself as the evil, creepy fuck he is. That scene nearly gave me chills, only thing I didn't like was Varys looking slightly clueless. I didn't hate Ros, but I see why they decided to kill her, she had made her time. Plus gotta remind everyone of Joffrey. Can't let the people forget my namesake kills people for shit and giggles.What was up with Bran and co.'s scene? This didn't seem to have much of a purpose. Albeit it really looks like Rickon is also in for the long haul this time around.Roose's actor nails his part completely. Exactly how I imagine the Lord of the Dreadfort to be, he only lacks the leeches. The scene was a bit too short IMO.Poor Sansa. Enough said.Unlike other people, I very much think Tyrion will kill this Shae. It was very obvious something was fishy in the books, she just didn't care about Tyrion and it showed. Them being more subtle will make her betrayal more of a shock, both to Tyrion and the audience. I'm 100% positive she will still get the golden chain treatment. D&D have even us book readers fooled, so props to them.Next week is GRRM's episode. Cannot wait for it.EDIT: Oh, and the Frey-Stark council was nice too. Poor Edmure, getting backed into a corner and shat on by his uncle because of Robb's own monumental stupidity. I would have liked him to point out that it's the King's own damn fault they are losing the war, no one else's.
					
					
							Edited by Jasta11, 05 May 2013 - 11:21 PM.
772	Druze	2013-05-05	that whole idea for a resolved  sansa/littlefinger plot thread (Ros for Dontos) is destroyed. Ah, whatever, Ros is dead. Huzzah, but not huzzah, cause that was pretty messed up. seriously, though, we should have brackets for how they're going to adapt the books from here on out. a quiet, slow build of an episode(reminded me tonally of Two Towers or something). No beginning, no end, just a couple good scenes, a bit much torture, and a mean old closing monologue.This is just a theory and perhaps a poor one.  But could we have a situation where Shae helps Sansa escape after PW.  Presumably this would be her following Ros's last words to her to look out for Sansa and Shae figuring LF is now her last option and she takes Dontos place?   It would allow the writers to recreate a book scene without new characters and leave Tyrion and Tywin to have more dialogue in their final scene right?
773	Faint	2013-05-05	I spent way too much time thinking about the implications of the Arya, Melisandre, and Thoros scenes for The Winds of Winter and beyond. If Melisandre ever ends up reviving Jon Snow, the scenes in this episode will serve as the explanation for television viewers in regard to where she got the idea. In fact, perhaps Gendry taking the Edric Storm role was only the secondary purpose for having Melisandre visit the Brotherhood Without Banners.
774	mcbigski	2013-05-05	I can barely recognize the show anymore. Jon climbs the wall and Jaime/Brienne eat with Roose. Ignoring deviating dialogue, these are the only things I recall that actually happened in ASOS.That, and Sam singing.  But this is almost certainly the episode with the fewest direct call backs to the books.LF was spectacular and chilling this episode.  The monologue was so compelling, but almost hard to listen to, disturbed by the music and images of dead Ros.I don't know, I don't really buy Aiden Gillen as Littlefinger.  Maybe because I expect him to sound like Tommy Carcetti.  Oddly enough, tonight I kept thinking that Alexis Denisoff would have been a better choice.  Ironic since the latter is actually from the Baltimore area, but I found his accent as Wesley let grating than Littlefingers'.
775	HouseHarrison	2013-05-05	Did jof kill ros for pleasure or politics?Pleasure, he has no idea what's going on,In season 1, Littlefinger warns Ros that if she becomes a "bad investment" he'll give her over to a "new client" hinted to be some kind of deranged serial killer. I guess that client was Joffrey.
776	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	Mel and Arya will meet again?  Not the grey horse right? That wouldn't make sense. So it has to be later in the TWOW or beyond?
777	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	I don't know, I don't really buy Aiden Gillen as Littlefinger.  Maybe because I expect him to sound like Tommy Carcetti.  Oddly enough, tonight I kept thinking that Alexis Denisoff would have been a better choice.  Ironic since the latter is actually from the Baltimore area, but I found his accent as Wesley let grating than Littlefingers'.And here I am having a horrible time trying to imagine Wesley as Littlefinger.  Must be the kind of thing I'd actually have to see to "get."
778	HoundDog	2013-05-05	Was anyone else on edge for the Sam scene?  I had a feeling Slayer wasnt going to happen for another couple episodes but seeing them alone in the forest was unnerving.
779	themockingbird	2013-05-05	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Ok, can someone please explain to me why Sansa was crying at the sight of Littlefinger's ship sailing away?The Ship wasn't sailing away, as we know Little Finger will bring Sansa with her. She was out looking at the ship because Littlefinger gave her a chance to come with him in the previous episode, and Sansa declined. She was crying looking at the ship because it was her last hope out of Kingslanding that is now gone as she's betrothed to Tyrion.
780	Steve Stark	2013-05-05	I already said this in the other thread...but I can't wait for unRos to come back just so the hate can continue in these forums.
781	Alysanne360	2013-05-05	I have to admit, while I can understand why they jettisoned the Edric plot in favor of making Gendry the sacrificial lamb, it STILL bummed me out--imagine Thoros and Berric behaving that way in the books! Puh-leaze. Now I guess Arya will stand in for Davos in rescuing him...I also really don't understand why they insisted of making an example of poor Ros....I mean, we already know Littlefinger is slimy, devious and coldhearted, so why stuff a very likeable* character full of quarrels to prove a point that was NEVER IN THE BOOKS? Altogether, a very frustrating episode!*At least, I liked her. I like whores, and she was smart and ambitious--all she wanted was a better life, like every other commoner in the story.
					
					
							Edited by Alysanne360, 05 May 2013 - 11:55 PM.
782	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	If you look closely, Brienne has a herp on her lip
783	Alysanne360	2013-05-05	On the plus side--Jon now has an excellent reason to kill Orell, Sam and Gilly's scene was brilliant--menacing and heartwarming at the same time--and the interplay between Jamie, Brienne and Bolton was spot-on. And Theon and Ramsay? Brilliantly twisted. I like how we realy see both Jamie and Theon, these characters who start out arrogant and detestable, change drastically into sympathetic and all too human--though of course, poor Theon is gpoing to have it much worse than the Kingslayer.
784	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-05	If you look closely, Brienne has a herp on her lipI think that its a scar but I could be wrong.
785	Talbot	2013-05-05	I wish we could've gotten a scene at night North of the Wall with the wildlings. I understand how hard it would be to film in Iceland at night (seriously that cold), but it would've been awesome to get a sense of dread and urgency to their mission to reach the Wall. They could maybe had written a new scene where Jon/Mance/Tormund talk about the Others in his command tent at night. It could be tense, I guarantee you viewers would think the camp was about to be attacked. 
I don't know, I would've liked it.
786	Meddler	2013-05-05	Had a thought for how we might potentially get Arya's Crossroads Inn scene into the series after this episode, thinking about the whole setup with Mel hinting she'll kill three people (the three sets of different colored eyes). In the books, we know that that Arya kills three people between this point and the end of ADwD: The Tickler, Dareon (who also go a name drop in this episode), and the moneylender. However, the Tickler's already dead, and the other character who gets killed at the Crossroads Inn (by the Hound) is Polliver, who is yet to appear in the show.
However, we don't really have any role for the Mountain during the Red Wedding for the show (in fact, has he even appeared yet this season? I don't believe he has). In the books, he's feigning a pursuit of Roose Bolton, and supposedly catches him by surprise as he's crossing the Ruby Ford. This turns out to be a ploy to remove some Stark Loyalists from play prior to the RW and spare some Bolton supporters from having to attend the massacre though. When the Mountain arrives at the Ford, the only men yet to cross are a small rear guard of Manderly Knights along with some Lockes, Norreys, and Burleys, who are Stark-loyal mountain clansmen. Roose then leaves behind Ryswell, Cerwyn, Hornwood, and Barrowtown men to guard the far side of the ford, supposedly to prevent the Mountain from crossing, but really because these are factions that would later support him when he's granted the North.
None of this is going to happen in the show. That leaves the Mountain free to potentially show up at the RW, perhaps in a confrontation with Sandor and Arya. Maybe Arya will see one of the Mountain's Men kill someone (or something, Grey Wind anyone?). After some family drama between the Cleganes, the chaos will allow the Hound to escape with Arya, but Arya's got a new Mountain Man added to her hit list (Polliver perhaps?), someone they can then run into at the Crossroads Inn in season 4.....
					
					
							Edited by Meddler, 05 May 2013 - 11:58 PM.
787	Storm of Words	2013-05-05	What a disappointment.
The season was becoming so strong.
And now this. useless scenes in the beginning then the deviations. the cheesy ending.
Of course some good scenes...but I can't enjoy them at the moment.
Well maybe I have to rewatch. Maybe I'm missing some hours of sleep.
(And i found the last episodes were good - the last one even great - I'm not the highlord of nitpicking)
788	LordDolorousEdd	2013-05-06	I wish that after every ep GRRM released a statement saying what he thought about each change and weather they were sanctioned by him.
the future meeting between mel and arya could just be before she leaves for bravos. eg. mel puts her on the ship
789	Minsc	2013-05-06	The Ship wasn't sailing away, as we know Little Finger will bring Sansa with her. She was out looking at the ship because Littlefinger gave her a chance to come with him in the previous episode, and Sansa declined. She was crying looking at the ship because it was her last hope out of Kingslanding that is now gone as she's betrothed to Tyrion.LF still has to marry Lysa, and he can always come back to pick her up.
790	jeffklm	2013-05-06	Hey -- a prophecy from Melisandre!  Arya will kill someone with brown eyes, someone with blue eyes and someone with green eyes.  Any guesses?  What I get from that is not that Arya will kill these people, is that she will become these people i.e. foreshadowing her becoming a Faceless (Wo)Man
791	rmholt	2013-05-06	I wish that after every ep GRRM released a statement saying what he thought about each change and weather they were sanctioned by him.NOt necessary. He has already said he has released creative control after establishing the people putting the series together were trustworthy. He isnt going to critique them or second guess them. His contribution is mainly advising them about events and characters who need to be kept or who can be discarded given future events in the books.
792	a shadow	2013-05-06	Is there an explanation as to why Littlefinger spoke about "Aegon's enemies" to Varys? Did I misshear or is it this big?
793	greensleeves	2013-05-06	Is there an explanation as to why Littlefinger spoke about "Aegon's enemies" to Varys? Did I misshear or is it this big?He was talking about Aegon the Conqueror, who made the throne.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 06 May 2013 - 12:51 AM.
794	a shadow	2013-05-06	He was talking about Aegon the Conqueror, who made the throne.  Why is that big?One more thing that went over my head then /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  I just did not fallow it, it would seem. "Lies we agreed to tell" threw me. I thought about later books.
795	pleonasm	2013-05-06	My least favorite episode of this season.The Good1. Despite a couple of not very good effects shots, the scaling of the wall was a pretty effective action sequence.2. Cersei and Tyrion. I am fine with this this more restrained, almost defeated, Cersei. I am hopeful the deaths of Joffrey and subsequently Tywin will send her over the edge to a more crazed Cersie. The fall will only be more severe, so I am fine with it.3. The Joffrey and Ros scene. I was never a fan of Ros, but that was a disturbing moment.The Bad1. Vary's and Littlefinger - I am exhausted with all this out in the open game playing. I know its more challenging to try and showcase the planning and motivations of the behind the scenes players, but the idea that these two are continually just going to joust out in the open, is so silly. They look amateurish.2. Oleanna and Tywin - Please see above. They are players, they should be playing the game. A far more interesting scene would have been the two of them avoiding the elephants in the room (Cersei's incest and Loras's sexuality) without explicitly mentioning either.3. Mel, Gendry, Arya and the Brotherhood - Yes, I understand the desire to give some of your actors something to do and reduce the number of roles in the series, but this failed on a couple of different levels. How on earth did Mel know where Gendry was? If she had a vision regarding Arya - where was the follow-up questions for this high born girl? You just walk away? It was just clunky and didn't make any sense at all.The UglyTheon - I have hated these scenes since Day 1 of Season 3. And for good reason... nothing is happening. Its just simple mind fuckery and torture porn. There was a reason George didn't include a bunch of Theon POV's chapters in Storm of Swords, it wasn't necessary. What's so frustrating, beyond the fact that its eating up so much screen time, is that one or two well written scenes would have been more than sufficient (Please see the opening scene of Zero Dark Thirty or Joffrey and Ros this week!)
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 06 May 2013 - 01:02 AM.
796	Fuse Prime	2013-05-06	As far as being a standalone episode, yeah I'd say it was average for the series (That's still saying a lot!)  However, I think the payoff will be simply amazing.  I was just laughing at my unsullied friends, in my head of course, WHO HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IS GOING TO HIT THEM in three weeks.  Also, I think the Jon/Ygritte dynamic is getting stronger on screen.  When Ygritte eventually dies in Jon's arms at Castle Black...well, needless to say, that was another time I threw the book on the ground and paced around the room.  I cannot wait until next week.
797	sertravisredbeard	2013-05-06	I think this has been mentioned before but does anyone think that the non-book readers should have no illusions as to who has Theon?  Every shot they show of Theon on that torture rack looks exactly like Roose Bolton's banner.  Especially during tonight's dinner with Roose, Jaime, and Brienne displaying a flayed man directly behind them while they're eating.  It's getting pretty obvious.  I hope I'd be smart enough to notice that even if I hadn't read the books.
Paul Kaye's depiction of Thoros keeps getting better and better.  I liked the revealing of his history as to why he was in King's Landing and the type of priest he was before the war.  The merging of Melisandre and the Ghost of High Heart was an interesting way to include some of the things said about Arya in the books.
I was really hoping Jon would just throw Orell off the wall when they got to the top.  Those wall scenes were just awesome.  They made me think of how dead I'd be if I even attempted to climb a wall like that.
The repeated "LORAS IS A HOMO" reminders are getting pretty silly, although I did laugh at the "sword swallower" comment.
Those Freys are so weaselly it's great.  I like that they included the line about Walder Frey having bad experiences when it comes to lengthy engagements.  Ha.
Oh. And Ramsay blowing the horn to wake up Theon was a nice reminder of Theon vowing to kill the man who was blowing the horn outside of Winterfell.
I was actually kind of bummed to see Ros die.  She was a good way to get inside different characters heads.  I guess the writers are listening to wishes of some of the more vocal character-hater-fans.
					
					
							Edited by sertravisredbeard, 06 May 2013 - 01:05 AM.
798	Targaryen Tempest	2013-05-06	No! I love the books but Ros was still one of my favorites!
I don't like where they are going. Just make him a King's Guard already. He should have been at the end of season 2 but I get that they didn't want to so they could exclude an extra character (the older brother). But now that the purpose is served, just make him one already.
Have to say I liked the Jon scenes, really exciting. Book summarized them too quickly.
799	Nictarion	2013-05-06	Ros is dead. 11/10 episode. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
800	sertravisredbeard	2013-05-06	Also, I think they can explain why Gendry will go back to the BWB after Davos saves him, if he does end up back there.  Melisandre can just be like "I was going to pay them anyway, but after I told them who your dad was they agreed you should go home to your uncle."
If he escapes it will be pretty simple for them to tell him that.  They were just trying to reunite him with his real family.  It's not their fault they didn't know she was into burning people to hatch dragons made of rock.
801	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	I have to agree I am finding the Theon scenes completely tiresome and uninteresting at this point.
On my rewatches of season 3 I always FF through the Theon scenes.
What Ramsay does to break Theon is more compelling and horrifying if completely left to the audiences imagination. Watching it happen in real time is a big turn off.
802	Hrafnsmerki	2013-05-06	What a horrible episode, by far the worst of the season. A season I am not liking at all, by the way.
Also hi, it's my first post in the forums /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
803	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-06	Is it just me or has anyone else noticed that based on the sound of Bran's voice in seasons 1&2 compared to his voice now in season 3 it's safe to say Bran obviously hit puberty hard in between seasons 2&3?Hahaha but really......
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 06 May 2013 - 01:26 AM.
804	Targaryen Tempest	2013-05-06	Is it just me or has anyone else noticed that based on the sound of Bran's voice in seasons 1&2 compared to his voice now in season 3 it's safe to say Bran obviously hit puberty hard in between seasons 2&3?Hahaha but really......Yeah, but Dany is supposed to be 14 and she looks 20. I got the impression age wasn't a factor in the show. As long as he doesn't grow a long beard and get wrinkles he'll be fine no matter how long the show lasts.
805	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	they made the climb look worse than in the book.
806	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Did Loras say "French sleeves" while speaking with Sansa? Please tell me he did not!
807	Targaryen Tempest	2013-05-06	Did Loras say "French sleeves" while speaking with Sansa? Please tell me he did not!Fringed sleeves. But the moment I heard it I knew people would think French.
808	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Fringed sleeves. But the moment I heard it I knew people would think French.Phew, thank you. To be honest, I thought "nah, that can't be".
809	Peptalk	2013-05-06	I really liked this episode, but it wasn't as great as last week's. I always think this but... too little Jaime & Brienne! Although we will see a lot more of them next week.
I was shocked to see Ros go the way she did, but it was definitely about time the non-reader viewers were reminded just how bad Joffrey is. It was nicely done though, with Littlefinger's monologue voicing over the montage.
I liked Cersei's & Tyrion's little chat. I'm liking the few scenes between them that aren't venomous. They might have issues with one another, but sometimes they're just a sister and brother teaming up to find solutions to a common problem. They really only have each other to confide in about family matters, and it's nice to watch when they do.
So, Arya and Melisandre will meet again, and some foreshadowing about the Faceless Men! It could be interpreted as her killing men with those eye colours as well, but that's less interesting as that could be anyone. They're such common colours.
Loras was wonderfully awkward in his scene with Sansa. Clearly not comfortable at all, hehe.
Oh and, Theon. As uncomfortable I am with watching his scenes with Ramsay, I do think they are necessary for non-reader viewers. If they aren't shown what horrors he lives through during this time, they won't understand or sympathize with him later on. In the books we were able to understand Theon's journey through his thoughts, but that's not possible on screen. I couldn't actually watch, but was Ramsay flaying his finger at the end? I thought it looked like it. Another hint...
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 06 May 2013 - 01:49 AM.
810	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	Oh and, Theon. As uncomfortable I am with watching his scenes with Ramsay, I do think they are necessary for non-reader viewers. If they aren't shown what horrors he lives through during this time, they won't understand or sympathize with him later on. In the books we were able to understand Theon's journey through his thoughts, but that's not possible on screen. I couldn't actually watch, but was Ramsay flaying his finger at the end? I thought it looked like it. Another hint...This is completely wrong. They can show the broken shell of a man Theon becomes and let the audience's imagination get to work.  They don't need to show it. This cut to 5 minutes of Theon torture every episode is neither interesting or compelling.
811	Targaryen Tempest	2013-05-06	This is completely wrong. They can show the broken shell of a man Theon becomes and let the audience's imagination get to work.  They don't need to show it. This cut to 5 minutes of Theon torture every episode is neither interesting or compelling.Yeah, well maybe you could visit George and tell him to speed up the writing process. Otherwise I forsee a lot of scenes that were just hinted at in the books for quite some time.
812	Master Forel's Fro	2013-05-06	Ros is dead, bring out the arbor red. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
813	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	Yeah, well maybe you could visit George and tell him to speed up the writing process. Otherwise I forsee a lot of scenes that were just hinted at in the books for quite some time.Uh, there are plenty of scenes that are in the books they cut. How about an Edric Dayne scene, how about a scene about the KOTLT, how about more scenes with Jon among the wildlings?  They didn't show Theon's torture because they had nothing else to show, they chose it as more important than all the other scenes they cut.
814	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	I can't be the only one annoyed at the whitewashing of Cersei. In season 1 it was a nice touch, by now it's becoming very irksome.
815	No true knight	2013-05-06	They made the wall way too thin.  Jon and Ygritte looked over the lip on the North side, turned around, walked across a little path, and were at the Southern edge.  Aren't there supposed to be tunnels and passages through the ice?   700 hundred feet tall and 12 feet wide: you'd expect it to be swaying back and forth.  The wildlings could have just dug right through it.
The climb up the wall was thrilling though.  As an action sequence, it was more successful than you normally see in a television show.
816	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I kind of wish we didn't know about Sansa and Tyrion's wedding, like in the books, b/c it was such a shock. Or at least that Sansa didn't know about it. They could've juxtaposed it with the RW--- two surprises (although one obviously worse).
I'm curious to see how Tyrion and Shae will end u. I don't think TV Tyrion would kill her but that's because TV-Shae is so different from book-Shae already. Maybe she won't even testify against him. She is definitely being portrayed as more sympathetic (being Sansa's bff for example) and I kind of liked that the book-Shae was just a simpering whore after all. Plus the reveal with her & Tywin was soooo good and I think it may not happen in the show.
817	blackeyedlily	2013-05-06	French Sleeves on Sansa's wedding dress? I wasn't aware France was a part of the Ice and Fire universe.LOL! Truly, good catch. I hadn't noticed.
818	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	Yeah, but they are still leaving themselves the opening of Cersei actually being the one who sent the orders, the same as with the killing of the bastards. In both scenes Cersei just remains silent and Tyrion reads it as her saying Joffrey did it.  But in neither case does Cersei actually deny doing it.
Also can we stop with the "French sleeves"?  He said "Fringe sleeves".
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 06 May 2013 - 02:09 AM.
819	the hound of sansa	2013-05-06	I can't be the only one annoyed at the whitewashing of Cersei. In season 1 it was a nice touch, by now it's becoming very irksome.i couldn't agree more. is there any doubt in the books that Cersei wanted to have Tyrion killed? if not...and it's not just that. from season 2 they are having Tyrion and Cersei talk to each other like they like each other, like they can tell anything between them. they should show more how disgusting they found one another
820	Joey Beers	2013-05-06	Enjoyable episode. Thoros and the Brotherhood is always fun to watch. Tywin and QoT back and forth was great. Entertaining for the tv only audience, but man, sometimes I feel like this is a totally different story. I guess, in a sense, it is. Does anyone else get the feeling that the writers of the show are trying to write a different story to make a point or something? I get deviations for reasons such as time constraints, tv flow, ease of understanding, and stuff like that. It seems that sometimes, like in this episode, the tale is derailed just to make it "not the book".
821	rohit39	2013-05-06	what colour are the dragon's eyes?? joking obviously but THAT would be badass! Hahahahaha! Best prediction ever!
822	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-06	Yeah, but Dany is supposed to be 14 and she looks 20. I got the impression age wasn't a factor in the show. As long as he doesn't grow a long beard and get wrinkles he'll be fine no matter how long the show lasts.I wasn't complaining about the age whatsoever.  I was just stating that I found it kind of funny how obvious it is that the actor that plays Bran's voice deepened alot in between season 2&3 which is an obvious sign of growth in his stages of puberty.  I think the actor that plays Bran is perfect, I wasn't complaining about his age in the slightest.
823	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	You know what's the best part about Ros dying.
I'll never have to again see another "Ros as fake Arya" post on these boards.  The theory is beyond absurd and every time I saw another person back it I lost a little bit of confidence in humanity as a species. This will go a long ways to restore my faith in humanity. (Until I start seeing Talisa as fake Arya theories)
824	Davvy	2013-05-06	Right after Mel describes the eyes she sees in the darkness, she says Arya will shut those eyes forever. Sounds to me like she's saying Arya will kill the owners of those eyes.No I think this is a reference to Arya going "blind" during her training to become a FM.
825	rohit39	2013-05-06	I will be too.  I'm thinking that instead of Tywin taking Shae into his bed, he'll have her killed, which will give Tyrion another reason to shoot him. That would be a terrible adaptation from the books because Tyrion discovering Shae's betrayal, strangling her, followed by shooting a quarrel into Tywin's belly, are all extremely important as a character arc for Tyrion, as he leaves Westeros and goes to Essos. (But like the analysis on the Westeros.com episode guide says, Tyrion is being made to look like a really good guy on the show, which is not the case in the books)
826	Nictarion	2013-05-06	I can't be the only one annoyed at the whitewashing of Cersei. In season 1 it was a nice touch, by now it's becoming very irksome.I agree, Are they going to let Cersei do anything on her own, or is Joffrey and Tywin going to do everything? Cersei and Catelyn are the biggest changes fro the books for me.
827	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-06	I'm glad Ros died, for the simple fact that now I don't have to see nearly as many posts from ppl bashing her and complaining about how much they hate her.  I personally liked Ros's character, but at the same time I'm relieved they finally put her out of her misery because the absurd amount of hate the woman recieved was beginning to become extremely tiresome in the most annoying kind of way.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 06 May 2013 - 02:30 AM.
828	blackeyedlily	2013-05-06	Yeah, the some of the Ros scenes annoyed me to no end, but she really didn't deserve that. She had actually started to grow on me this season.I totally agree. I felt her role this season was serving forward movement for the plot and her death this way feels like it diminishes Varys' abilities.
829	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	I agree, Are they going to let Cersei do anything on her own, or is Joffrey and Tywin going to do everything? Cersei and Catelyn are the biggest changes fro the books for me.More like they just shat all over cats character from one of the strongest, smart POV characters to the lamp in the background when ever they show robb.
830	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-06	I agree, Are they going to let Cersei do anything on her own, or is Joffrey and Tywin going to do everything? Cersei and Catelyn are the biggest changes fro the books for me.I'm assuming they're gonna wait until the season that covers AFFC to really give Cersei her independece on the show, as that's when neither Joffrey nor Tywin will be around to restrict her.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 06 May 2013 - 02:36 AM.
831	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	LOL! Truly, good catch. I hadn't noticed.Yes, nice catch indeed, except it was FRINGED sleeves.
832	seraphbrimstone	2013-05-06	this is one of my favorite cliff haggerswhat is going to happen to BrienneWhile questing to find Sansa Stark, Brienne of Tarth encounters Gendry at the inn, and is shocked by his striking resemblance to Renly Baratheon. At the inn, Brienne duels with Rorge and slays him, only to be savaged by Biter. Gendry saves Brienne's life by driving a spear through Biter's neck.[7]I think they'll still find a way to do that... at least, I hope so. That scene is one of the only really exciting ones in books four and five and would have made an excellent climax to season 5. maybe davos will help gendry escape, and then he'll rejoin the brotherhood?
833	Nictarion	2013-05-06	More like they just shat all over cats character from one of the strongest, smart POV characters to the lamp in the background when ever they show robb. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
834	rohit39	2013-05-06	For some thoughts of my own.
1) Eliminating Ser Dontos from the show till now, and having LF act directly, and especially act right before he leaves for the Vale himself would definitely make everyone at KL suspicious wouldn't it? I mean imagine if Sansa had agreed to be whisked away with LF on his ship, it would be pretty obvious to Tywin (with the help of advice from Varys for sure) that LF is behind Sansa's disappearance. I think the show really messed up there. And also, now that LF has left to the Vale, who would be the person to arrange PW and Sansa'a escape? Introduction of a Kettleblack perhaps?
2) Enough of LF-Varys scenes. They've been desperately trying to capture the chemistry, intrigue, and awesomeness their conversations had in previous seasons, but failing quite miserably.
3) The Bran-Reed-Osha part of the story is getting to be the biggest disappointment of this season so far. The story does not seem to be moving anywhere. Seizures during green dreams? The Osha- Meera rivalry. All unwanted.
4) While i was against any Theon containing scene in this season, i have to admit that this episode's scene with Theon and the Bastard was quite brilliant. And in retrospect, maybe such scenes are required to lay the foundation to show exactly how twisted Ramsay Snow (Bolton, i'm sorry!) is. Because he does become important later.
5) While deviating from the books, the Tyrion-Cersei scene was still quite good IMHO. They share great on screen chemistry. And also that scene, along with the Ros scene kind of puts Joffrey back in the limelight. Because in this season, apart from the crossbow scene with Margaery, the typical Joffrey scenes have been missing. D&D would be well aware to make sure the viewers well and truly hate him, and keep him in the viewers recent memory by the time PW happens.
6) Melissandre and Gendry. While i did not like it because it was a more of detour than a deviation from the books, i can see why it is necessary. Better than introducing a new character like Edric Storm anyhow. But it does cheapen the values and goals of the BwB under Beric. 
7) I start watching each episode wondering if we will see Sam the Slayer in action, and on seeing the dragonglass dagger this episode, i couldn't help myself smiling!
8) Its been elaborated elsewhere, but the whitewashing of Tyrion doesn't go down well with me. Also i believe it would have carried more impact to the viewers if it happened like the books where Sansa was unaware of her pending nuptials with Tyrion until the day of the wedding. Makes it all the more brutal and exacts pity for Sansa from the viewers. Viewers currently just perceive Sansa as a naive, annoying little baby who refuses to grow up and start to think for herself. While she is that and more in a lot of ways, i'm worried that her character growth when she gets to Vale would not carry the same impact on the show.
To sum up, the episode was a bit disappointing for a lot of the changes. But the effect of these changes will only be seen in future episodes i suppose. So i hope they were done for a reason!
835	Druze	2013-05-06	Are we gonna get the Tywin stare of death at Joffrey and subsequent verbal smack down of his grace the mad king Joffrey?  That was poetry in the books.  Not sure if that was post or pre-RW
836	Brewmaster	2013-05-06	Why do people keep bringing up Mel's "we will meet again" as some kind of hint or spoiler for future books?
For fucks sake, people, we know that Mel's visions (or at least her interpretation of them) are not reliable. She certainly has access to some power, but she is far from being right all (or even most) of the time.
She very well may never meet Arya again
The other thing some people seem to be missing is that we do get these Theon/Ramsay scenes in the books. The show is being told chronologically, while the books were not. Most of the Theon/Reek chapters in ADWD were Theon reliving the torture that was taking place (chronologically) at this time. That doesn't work for a TV show. We don't have internal monologues, and 2 years from now they aren't going to spend all of Theon's screen time in his head. But in Theon's chapters he spent more time focusing on the terrible things that Ramsay did to him in the past, than he spent focusing on what was happening around him in real time.
These Theon scenes are basically "book scenes". Just book scenes from ADWD that were only told after the fact. And as such, they are absolutely neccessary to tell the story. 1 or 2 scenes doesn't cut it. It wouldn't make Ramsay the monster that he becomes. Ramsay (for most book readers) far and away has surpassed Joffrey as most hated villian of the series by the end of ADWD. And he gets to that point mostly by Theon's "flashbacks" on the torture was enduring at this time in the story. You have to show it...have to, if you want Ramsay to be the big bastard that he is in a couple years. You can't just show a broken Theon and have him cry "Ramsay did it to me"
.
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 06 May 2013 - 03:08 AM.
837	blackeyedlily	2013-05-06	The Ramsay bit is forcing me to skip parts of the episodes. I just can't watch that much torture for that length of time.I concur! I hope it won't continue to the degree that it is now. Though I do understand that the the show creators do want to establish Ramsey Snow's character and they have to give non-book readers a way to understand how Theon becomes Reek. Yet I hope they can limit it now that they have established what's happening. I guess they still have to clarify where Theon is and who the captor is.
838	Peptalk	2013-05-06	This is completely wrong. They can show the broken shell of a man Theon becomes and let the audience's imagination get to work.  They don't need to show it. This cut to 5 minutes of Theon torture every episode is neither interesting or compelling. It doesn't take up a lot of time in every episode. It takes up some time in some episodes.
839	Sun	2013-05-06	Arya will kill a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person...which to me suggests a Lannister.Both Nickolaj and Lena have blue eyes, not green. I think it references the people she will be killing in the not so far future - people we know she killed in the books - starting with Polliver.I really wish they had allowed Mel to say the blood of the wolf, smell of death line to Arya. 
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 02:58 AM.
840	adeadhand	2013-05-06	Am I the only one who immediately thought "Stannis" when Mel mentions she'll see Arya again?
It does fit perfectly into Martins' symmetry.
Stannis acquires power through the assassinations of Renly, Penrose, Balon, Robb and Joff. It makes sense he will also die by assassination. 
Or is that too literal an interpretation?
I did enjoy the episode. I don't see anything gratuitous about the Ramsey scene. It's quite relevant that he manipulates Theon into begging to have his finger taken off. They're establishing the dynamic between the two.
It was also nice to see Tormund being somewhat Tormund. 
Oh, and Paul Kaye is killing it as Thoros.
					
					
							Edited by adeadhand, 06 May 2013 - 03:21 AM.
841	red snow	2013-05-06	And here I was thinking they'd never top the "Red Wedding" in terms of shocking deaths. Clearly the show has characters the book has been deprived of /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I'm enjoying the Theon scenes but that's because I'm possibly strange in that I enjoy any scenes that aren't directly from the books.Otherwise it just feels like going through the motions.
842	Sun	2013-05-06	Am I the only one who immediately thought "Stannis" when Mel mentions she'll see Arya again?It does fit perfectly into Martins' adherence to the "live by the sword die by the sword" motto.Stannis acquires power through the assassinations of Renly, Penrose, Balon, Robb and Joff. It makes sense he will also die by assassination.I'm guessing just in time for the Others to invade and Jon and Dany to come to the rescue.I took it as a hint from the show that Arya will indeed make it to the wall in TWOW. I'm likely wrong though lol
843	Honey Badger	2013-05-06	Loved it, as usual.  Ros finally dying brought a smile to my face, although I'll miss the actor's stunning body.  I wish she had a better role on the show, even though I'm sure the actress was grateful for her involvement.Theon torture was cringe worthy and I even squinted and turned my face a few times.  I think they need to efficiently show how fucked up Bolton is, so I understand D&D being so graphic.She very well may never meet Arya againOh, they'll meet again.  With Arya slipping a stiletto into Mel's neck.  Oh yes.I'm enjoying the Theon scenes but that's because I'm possibly strange in that I enjoy any scenes that aren't directly from the books.Otherwise it just feels like going through the motions.Same here.  For those whining about deviations from the book, try watching the new Berserk OVAs.  Beautiful movies, but incredibly boring because I'm already so familiar with the manga and first anime series.  GoT throws a few curveballs, and I like the surprises.  Also, although it will never match the impossibly gorgeous billion dollar sets I have in my mind, I like seeing HBO/D&D's interpretation of the show.  Their wall, their characters and designs, their music, etc.
					
					
							Edited by Honey Badger, 06 May 2013 - 03:05 AM.
844	jeffklm	2013-05-06	In the show Ramsay knows that Bran and Rickon are alive. Do you think this will play into the story somehow? Perhaps he will send a hunting scout to look for them, and that's when Bran's party decides they should split and have Bran/Jojen/Meera/Hodor and Osha/Rickon go their separate ways. Speaking of which I hope we get to see Osha/Rickon's journey to Skagos in the show.
Ros's death was horrifying. I'm glad that as book readers we can still be shocked. And it reinforces Joffrey's sadistic persona. He was presented as more of a love-sick and awestruck puppy in the first half of the season so it was a welcome change (or reversion) of character. In seasons 1 and 2 we had constant reminders of this in the form of Ned's beheading, baby slaughter, whore torturing, Sansa's beating & stripping, and Flea Bottom riot.
I for one am satisfied that they are showing the Theon/Ramsay scenes chronologically rather than in flashbacks. And like other people have pointed out, the scenes help establish Ramsay's character and Theon's ultimate demise. I've seen a lot of complaints about not showing things that happen in flashback in this forum, but isn't this way much better? The show doesn't have the luxury of internal monologues and spelled-out clockwork of characters' thoughts.
Speaking of flashbacks, I know it's a bit off topic, but I would love to see a spin-off/prequel that chronicles the events of Robert's Rebellion. There are enough materials that could easily cover 2 or 3 seasons worth of episodes. Maybe they can do it a la Spartacus, inserting it while GoT is on hiatus while waiting for A Dream of Spring?
					
					
							Edited by jeffklm, 06 May 2013 - 03:32 AM.
845	Sniraga	2013-05-06	I liked this episode.
Tywin and Olenna's scene was very good. Finally someone who can keep his wits intact while discussing with QoT and Tywin is just the right person for that.
In the books the Bran stuff was a little boring, but in the show I'm really liking his journey. The actors are all so very good - I'm especially enamored by the Reeds. And did Rickon actually speak? lol
The Mel/Gendry/BWB storyline seems exciting as well. I guess I'm getting old or something, but the deviated stuff is starting to seem almost more interesting than more book-faithful storylines.
I must be the only one who isn't sold on Jaime/Brienne scenes. In the books theirs was perhaps my favourite storyline, but I'm just not feeling it here. I like Gwendoline Christie though.
While I understand the need to keep Theon in the show, the torture scenes are unpleasant to say the least (yes, I'm a wuss) and seem disjointed. They could use the time more wisely.
The Wall climb was very well done. It seemed a lot more horrendous than in the books, I definitely couldn't have make it. The banter between Jon and Ygritte felt natural and I'm starting to like their developing relationship.
Goodbye, Ros. I never really liked you, but I didn't hate you either, and that was a very shocking and sad way to go.
					
					
							Edited by Sniraga, 06 May 2013 - 03:29 AM.
846	Demiant	2013-05-06	I'm not so bothered about TV Tyrion deviating a bit from book Tyrion, but I do find it interesting that they're trying to turn Cersei into a "nicer" person apparently. Maybe nicer isn't the best choice of words but certainly less of a villain, for the time being atleast. Shame because Cersei's tyranny is the only remotely interesting aspect of her character, though maybe that'll come into play from her grief after the RW?The Littlefinger scene at the end was all wrong though, just completely unlike the character to just reveal everything the way he did. And more so, the entire scene just made Varys look like an incompetent "spider" and Littlefinger like the master schemer, and whilst Littlefinger is an interesting character and a crafty puppet master, he has nothing on Varys. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Also, the QoT just seemed like a massive pushover in her scene with Tywin.I thought the last two episodes were great, but I feel a bit let down after "The Climb" and I hope GRRM picks things up with his episode next week.
847	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	3) The Bran-Reed-Osha part of the story is getting to be the biggest disappointment of this season so far. The story does not seem to be moving anywhere. Seizures during green dreams? The Osha- Meera rivalry. All unwanted.I agree, this story line has probably been the worst this season. But I disagree that it's been dissapointing, because Bran's POV in SoS is the worst in the book. Since when does Bran's story line move anywhere? At least there trying to develop Meera and Osha more.
848	SerMudz	2013-05-06	I will be too.  I'm thinking that instead of Tywin taking Shae into his bed, he'll have her killed, which will give Tyrion another reason to shoot him.They do this and I'm done with the show.
849	rohit39	2013-05-06	I agree, this story line has probably been the worst this season. But I disagree that it's been dissapointing, because Bran's POV in SoS is the worst in the book. Since when does Bran's story line move anywhere? At least there trying to develop Meera and Osha more.I quite liked Bran's POV in ASOS actually! Lot of good moments, like when they take shelter from the rain in the cave along with that man and his wife (who evidently knew who they were). Not to mention all those conversations between Jojen and Bran, which help Bran grow as a character.On another note, do Osha and Rickon go to Skagos at any point on the show? Or are they gonna put them all together till the Wall, because of how much the TV show Osha is liked by viewers?
850	TheDarkOne	2013-05-06	This episode was for the most part a dud.
Theon being tortured was great, and Joff had the best moment of the night, beyond that it just dragged on forever.
851	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	I really liked the episode; I was really curious how they were going to work Littlefinger's monologue in. Also, though it was more for the audience to notice, I loved how Sansa seeing his ship sailing away made it almost seem like he was punishing her for turning him down.
852	JorahTheExplorer	2013-05-06	(WOO FIRST POST!)
I know she wasn't in the scene, but could it have been Margery who killed Ros?
It may just be coincidence but in the Joffrey/Margery scene a few episodes ago Joffrey was pretty excited about the thought of watching Margery shoot someone.
I know it was only Joffrey shown in the room, but he could have been sitting there for a while.
Also, if anyone knew/found out about Margery's participation in this little 'experiment' they could use it as blackmail or evidence (If she was in some sort of... trial? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ).
Her involvement in the killing of an 'innocent' woman could have some seriously negative connotations about how the small folk view her.
Anyway, i'm probably reading into this to much, but i'm new to this site and seeing all the forums about the books makes me thinks I REALLY need to read more into EVERYTHING!
853	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-06	I really liked this episode, but it wasn't as great as last week's. I always think this but... too little Jaime & Brienne! Although we will see a lot more of them next week.I was shocked to see Ros go the way she did, but it was definitely about time the non-reader viewers were reminded just how bad Joffrey is. It was nicely done though, with Littlefinger's monologue voicing over the montage.I liked Cersei's & Tyrion's little chat. I'm liking the few scenes between them that aren't venomous. They might have issues with one another, but sometimes they're just a sister and brother teaming up to find solutions to a common problem. They really only have each other to confide in about family matters, and it's nice to watch when they do.So, Arya and Melisandre will meet again, and some foreshadowing about the Faceless Men! It could be interpreted as her killing men with those eye colours as well, but that's less interesting as that could be anyone. They're such common colours.Loras was wonderfully awkward in his scene with Sansa. Clearly not comfortable at all, hehe.Oh and, Theon. As uncomfortable I am with watching his scenes with Ramsay, I do think they are necessary for non-reader viewers. If they aren't shown what horrors he lives through during this time, they won't understand or sympathize with him later on. In the books we were able to understand Theon's journey through his thoughts, but that's not possible on screen. I couldn't actually watch, but was Ramsay flaying his finger at the end? I thought it looked like it. Another hint...I actually thought that Loras was starting to like Sansa as a person, and was trying to overcome the awkwardness of the situation (and he certainly was more aware of it than she was, since he was the gay man who had lost the love of his life and Sansa was clueless as to her supposed bridegroom's sexual orientation).  They actually seemed like two attractive young people who had not thought they would come together, were being brought to an arranged marriage, and were trying to get to know each other before the wedding.  I was soooo glad to see Ros dead.  I'd have preferred her to exit the series by embezzling a fortune from Littlefinger and running off to start her own brothel in Pentos, but at least she's gone.Tywin & Olenna's power luncheon was great.  So was the Cersei/Tyrion commiseration party.  Sam & Gilly & Baby were sweet.Great scene at Bolton's dinner table. Could we please, please, please skip the weekly Theon Torture Updates?  I'm going to have to stop snacking while watching the show if there's going to be more flaying and whatnot.  Ick.  I know what's going to happen to Theon, or at least much of it; but I really don't want to have to see it happen.I'm tired of the Varys/Littlefinger Cryptic Conversations.  I couldn't tell what the heck Littlefinger was portentiously babbling about, and didn't care.  I'm starting to get annoyed with the Blackfish.  Edmure might be a dufus, but he's a dufus who happens to be the BFish's  liege lord, so a teeny bit of respect would make more sense than Brynden's constant slap-you-upside-the-head threats.  And on TV, the Brotherhood Without Banners are as greedy and opportunistic as all the other bad guys; happy to sell an innocent down the river for gold.  Oh well.  I'm pretty sure that Gendry will survive, maybe he'll meet up with Arya later in Essos...(I'd be delighted if Arya kills Melisandre someday...)Enjoyed the Wildling Ascent of the Wall.  This episode was better than last week.  Of course, I can't really remember much about last week's episode.
854	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I loved that Tormund is beginning to lighten up!I also really liked Littlefinger's speech this episode, particularly this line:"Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies: a story we agree to tell each other over and over until we forget that it's a lie."Thought that was a pretty kickass quote
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 06 May 2013 - 04:28 AM.
855	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	And on TV, the Brotherhood Without Banners are as greedy and opportunistic as all the other bad guys; happy to sell an innocent down the river for gold.  Oh well.  I'm pretty sure that Gendry will survive, maybe he'll meet up with Arya later in Essos...(I'd be delighted if Arya kills Melisandre someday...)Is everybody here really forgetting that the BwB gave up Gendry because it is R'hollor's will? Thoros says "Our God is the one true God, and all men must serve him". R'hollor sent Mel to te BwB to take Gendry. R'hollor took back Beric six times. The BwB firmly believs in R'hollor, they have ACTUAL proof he exists and has power.Therefore: R'hollor asks for Gendry, the BwB give him up without questions. Is that so hard to understand?
856	Demiant	2013-05-06	Is everybody here really forgetting that the BwB gave up Gendry because it is R'hollor's will? Thoros says "Our God is the one true God, and all men must serve him". R'hollor sent Mel to te BwB to take Gendry. R'hollor took back Beric six times. The BwB firmly believs in R'hollor, they have ACTUAL proof he exists and has power.Therefore: R'hollor asks for Gendry, the BwB give him up without questions. Is that so hard to understand?Yes, because in the books the BwB are the protectors of the innocent (in their own ways), they don't serve any king or religion. Is there proof in the books that anyone in the BwB bar Thoros (and maybe Beric) supports R'Hollor? The various kings and lords have their wars with little regard as to what happens to the smallfolk, and so the BwB and the smallfolk help each other. I don't buy that in the books the BwB would have given up Gendry for a second, Certainly not so willingly, anyway.
857	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	I kept waiting for Sam the Slayer or something significant like that from the book to happen, but it never really did.
To be fair, I didn't have too high expectations for this episode and figured it would be a bit of a lull.  Looking forward to episode 7 and 9 as the highlights.
					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 06 May 2013 - 04:41 AM.
858	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I kept waiting for Sam the Slayer or something significant like that from the book to happen, but it never really did.To be fair, I didn't have too high expectations for this episode and figured it would be a bit of a lull.  Looking forward to episode 7 and 9 as the highlights.I assume we will get sam the slayer soon though, since they brought up the dragonglass again.
859	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Yes, because in the books the BwB are the protectors of the innocent (in their own ways), they don't serve any king or religion. Is there proof in the books that anyone in the BwB bar Thoros (and maybe Beric) supports R'Hollor? The various kings and lords have their wars with little regard as to what happens to the smallfolk, and so the BwB and the smallfolk help each other. I don't buy that in the books the BwB would have given up Gendry for a second, Certainly not so willingly, anyway.Yes, but this ain't the books, innit?
860	Demiant	2013-05-06	Yes, but this ain't the books, innit?And that's the entire point, it's a different BwB to the one we know, hence the decision to hand Gendry over being hard to understand?
861	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Weren't the BWB going to Ransom arya to robb in the books? I know the hound was.
862	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	I wasn't a fan of BwB handing over gendry for gold, but maybe this is for Arya's future plot benefit to show her loss of trust in humanity.
863	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	And that's the entire point, it's a different BwB to the one we know, hence the decision to hand Gendry over being hard to understand?Oh fine, this is the old "I can't separate the books from the show" thing. All right then.
864	Peptalk	2013-05-06	I'm looking forward to see Sam the Slayer in action. I hope it will be soon.
865	Demiant	2013-05-06	Weren't the BWB going to Ransom arya to robb in the books? I know the hound was.Yeah they were, and even in the show they were planning on it. That's understandable, they're handing her over to her family whilst making a profit to keep their fight up, whereas they could have easily made more profit by ransoming her to the Lannisters, but they're not horrible people.
866	Demiant	2013-05-06	Oh fine, this is the old "I can't separate the books from the show" thing. All right then.What? Stop spouting shit, you asked why it was hard to understand and I gave you the reason. Of course it's seperate, or more accurately it's the same story but taking different turns to get to where it's going. I like some of the changes the TV show did (Tywin/Arya in S2) but this one just seems silly to me. I don't understand the constant need to change the characters.
867	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Thoros says the same about continueing their fight when Arya talks to him in this episode. Hell Mel could have been very decietful when saying what her reason for wanting Gendry is.  iirc all she said was that The Lord of Light needs him, that can be pretty vague.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 06 May 2013 - 05:03 AM.
868	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I wasn't a fan of BwB handing over gendry for gold, but maybe this is for Arya's future plot benefit to show her loss of trust in humanity.This, and also to show the gradual decline of the BwB from noble freedom fighters to the hateful bandits they are when LS takes over.
869	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	What? Stop spouting shit, you asked why it was hard to understand and I gave you the reason. Of course it's seperate, or more accurately it's the same story but taking different turns to get to where it's going. I like some of the changes the TV show did (Tywin/Arya in S2) but this one just seems silly to me. I don't understand the constant need to change the characters.Yes lad, but the explanation you gave me falls into the realm of "I can't separate the book from the show". You've told me twice what the BwB did in the books. That does not matter at all: what the BwB does in the show is utterly believable, IF you do not base your views on the book.
870	Demiant	2013-05-06	I wasn't a fan of BwB handing over gendry for gold, but maybe this is for Arya's future plot benefit to show her loss of trust in humanity.True, but surely the decapitation of her father, hostage situation with her sister, and what she's about to see in regards to the RW is enough to make her lose faith in humanity? And btw, Maicie's interpretation of Arya is really spot-on, I can't wait to see her tackle the Faceless Men storyline.
871	Demiant	2013-05-06	Yes lad, but the explanation you gave me falls into the realm of "I can't separate the book from the show". You've told me twice what the BwB did in the books. That does not matter at all: what the BwB does in the show is utterly believable, IF you do not base your views on the book.How? Even if you don't take the books into consideration, there's no evidence from previous episodes that the BwB are very religious bar Thoros. I get why Edric Storm wasn't included in the show and why it'd be easier to use Gendry, I don't get why they'd change the beliefs and aspects of certain characters to serve that purpose.
872	Sir Mark of the East	2013-05-06	I wonder if it has anything to do with the
	Spoiler girl in grey on a dying horse
thing.Perhaps but 
	Spoiler  isn't that the Karstark girl?
--LOL at QoT and Tywin. QoT teasing Tywin if he never played with other boys....if you know what I mean. Hahaha!
					
					
							Edited by Lord Mark, 06 May 2013 - 05:22 AM.
873	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	How? Even if you don't take the books into consideration, there's no evidence from previous episodes that the BwB are very religious bar Thoros. I get why Edric Storm wasn't included in the show and why it'd be easier to use Gendry, I don't get why they'd change the beliefs and aspects of certain characters to serve that purpose.First, Thoros and Beric are firm believers, as the latter said "I have reborn in the light of the one true God" to Sandor. And, but that's inferring, I would say that the other members, when seeing a man resurrecting, may have reconsidered their religious views. But, even if not, that does not matter; In episode 5, Gendry says that Beric is the leader of the BwB, since he was chosen by his fellows. Mel spoke to Beric and Thoros to get Gendry, after Beric said "He has sent you here for a reason". Thus, Beric and Thoros, since they are loyal servants of R'hollor, accept to do their God's will. And Beric is the leader of the BwB, he can make that kind of decision.And, last but not least, "we serve the Lord of Light. The Lord of Light needs him". Here, at 0.50. http://www.youtube.c...?v=BR5RBM07YtU.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 06 May 2013 - 05:40 AM.
874	Dracarya	2013-05-06	I have to agree with pretty much everything in the 'Reviewing The Climb' article (?). A few main points:
Olenna could have taken the opportunity to mention Aerys naming Jaime to the Kingsguard as a kind of punishment for Tywin, when Tywin threatened to name Loras. It would have been a great opportunity to learn more about the history, like they did with Arya and Tywin at Harrenhal.
Theon.. I don't know, to be honest. I mean, it's done well by both actors and it's sufficiently horrifying, but I'm not convinced it's necessary. It is definitely getting annoying, waiting to see where they're going with it. Theon can't just be tortured for a few seasons, surely.
Melisandre speaking to Arya. Could she mean Arya's fate 
	Spoiler  as a Faceless Man? Different coloured eyes, ones she takes off? And I'm thinking the "we'll meet again" thing might have been about Alys Karstark, as mentioned upthread. It would explain why Melisandre mistakes her for Arya in ADwD. 
 A change I'm unsure about. It could work, if they do it right.
Oh and Jon and Ygritte on top of the Wall. How corny was that?!
Overall, while I don't think this episode was anywhere near as bad as any episode was in season 2 (bar Blackwater, which was awesome), I definitely think it was the worst episode so far. Looking forward to next week's episode.
					
					
							Edited by Dracarya, 06 May 2013 - 06:02 AM.
875	Demiant	2013-05-06	First, Thoros and Beric are firm believers, as the latter said "I have reborn in the light of the one true God" to Sandor. And, but that's inferring, I would say that the other members, when seeing a man resurrecting, may have reconsidered their religious views. But, even if not, that does not matter; In episode 5, Gendry says that Beric is the leader of the BwB, since he was chosen by his fellows. Mel spoke to Beric and Thoros to get Gendry, after Beric said "He has sent you here for a reason". Thus, Beric and Thoros, since they are loyal servants of R'hollor, accept to do their God's will. And Beric is the leader of the BwB, he can make that kind of decision.And, last but not least, "we serve the Lord of Light. The Lord of Light needs him". Here, at 0.50. http://www.youtube.c...?v=BR5RBM07YtU.Fair enough, the TV BwB is being run differently and so would probably do what they did, but it still comes as a shock to the people that have read the books. They're still changing characters around for little to no reason and while I still love the series, if it carries down this road I'm not sure how long I'll keep watching, how long it'll take for them to change yet another character or storyline for no benefit to the point where I can't be bothered anymore. Shame because some aspects of the show are spot on and a some of the changes are positive, but recently it's not been the case./endrant
					
					
							Edited by Demiant, 06 May 2013 - 06:09 AM.
876	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	How does Jojen know who Jon Snow is?
877	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	How does Jojen know who Jon Snow is?Because ygritte is always saying "you know nothing Jon snow". Probably heard her say it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
878	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	Liking the red priest reunion.  Red God defo the best god.
879	Conor	2013-05-06	Tyrion's talk with Cersei about how poison was such a better, more intelligent way to off someone was major foreshadowing. It will come back to bite him.
Ros's death pose was lovely in a brutal sadistic way.
880	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Liking the red priest reunion.  Red God defo the best god.Ahem. THE ONLY GOD
881	danm_999	2013-05-06	How? Even if you don't take the books into consideration, there's no evidence from previous episodes that the BwB are very religious bar Thoros.At the beginning of the last episode, Kissed by Fire, the entire assembled Brotherhood in the cave chanted Thoros prayer for that the "Lord of Light protect us" before Beric and Sandor's duel.
882	plurabel	2013-05-06	I'm late for the discussion so I'll just share that I'm kinda satisfied that I called it that they were going to fuse other sorcerer/seer types into melisandre. I remember way back when they were shooting arya and mel's scene and some pictures got out (or word got out) and everyone was confused as to how they'd ever meet. I think it was a simple, elegant move on their part. also, there's plenty of time for gendry to return to the other branch of the bwb and meet dear stoneheart.
883	plurabel	2013-05-06	How does Jojen know who Jon Snow is? not only does Jojen have greensight but he's also on a mission and was probably prepared, which encompasses getting to know about the starks' background both through his sight and through howland reed.
884	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	At the beginning of the last episode, Kissed by Fire, the entire assembled Brotherhood in the cave chanted Thoros prayer for that the "Lord of Light protect us" before Beric and Sandor's duel.Right!
885	Demiant	2013-05-06	At the beginning of the last episode, Kissed by Fire, the entire assembled Brotherhood in the cave chanted Thoros prayer for that the "Lord of Light protect us" before Beric and Sandor's duel.Yeah, I've accepted that the entire BwB seems to worship the Red God now... it's still a change for the worse from the books imo. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
886	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	Bran's chapters in ASOS are awesome, the problem is they haven't done a single scene from those chapters.
887	serricamus	2013-05-06	Sorry if this has already been asked, but are only four people going to make it over the wall now? How are they supposed to attack anybody with four people? Did anybody notice if the group was larger and there were people waiting on the ground for the rope ladder?
888	BlueDragon	2013-05-06	Just a random book reader question this episode brought up: is Valar Morghulis a widely common phrase in the free cities? Or one specifically used by the Faceless Men?  It was strange to hear Melisandre and Thoros saying it.  But I could be incorrectly attributing it just to the Faceless Men. I know Dany hears it too, but I didn't think it was a common greeting..It is well known throughout both Essos and Westeros.Good plot thickening episode.  I knew this one wasn't going to be very exciting.  Does anyone else want to barf when Loras is talking about Sansa's dress?  No, really, every guy in the realm likes to talk about dresses, lol.  Even though the parts with Theon are unnecessary, loved the Bastard flailing him. So gross.You may not realize it, but guys like fashion all over this world and that one. And those guys do not need to be gay.   It is no big deal either way.I have to admit, while I can understand why they jettisoned the Edric plot in favor of making Gendry the sacrificial lamb, it STILL bummed me out--imagine Thoros and Berric behaving that way in the books! Puh-leaze. Now I guess Arya will stand in for Davos in rescuing him...I also really don't understand why they insisted of making an example of poor Ros....I mean, we already know Littlefinger is slimy, devious and coldhearted, so why stuff a very likeable* character full of quarrels to prove a point that was NEVER IN THE BOOKS? Altogether, a very frustrating episode!*At least, I liked her. I like whores, and she was smart and ambitious--all she wanted was a better life, like every other commoner in the story.They made the wall way too thin.  Jon and Ygritte looked over the lip on the North side, turned around, walked across a little path, and were at the Southern edge.  Aren't there supposed to be tunnels and passages through the ice?   700 hundred feet tall and 12 feet wide: you'd expect it to be swaying back and forth.  The wildlings could have just dug right through it.The climb up the wall was thrilling though.  As an action sequence, it was more successful than you normally see in a television show.For the record, Ros hate on this board seems particularly sick.  I liked her in every way.  She was a wonderful addition to the books, serving to tie threads together and give us a window onto the deeper levels of Littlefinger's depravity.The wall would have to be thick at the bottom and taper to the top.  It is clearly described in the books as fairly narrow at the top.I'm glad Ros died, for the simple fact that now I don't have to see nearly as many posts from ppl bashing her and complaining about how much they hate her.  I personally liked Ros's character, but at the same time I'm relieved they finally put her out of her misery because the absurd amount of hate the woman recieved was beginning to become extremely tiresome in the most annoying kind of way.Well, there are lots of annoying posts here, Ros related ones being amongst the most disturbing.  Ros is trying to survive in a very difficult world, both for women and the poor.  I admired her all the way through.How does Jojen know who Jon Snow is?Jojen knows just about everything there is to know.  He even knows the last chapters of the story and Bran's pending role.
					
					
							Edited by BlueDragon, 06 May 2013 - 07:50 AM.
889	Jojosh	2013-05-06	I actually thought the Jon/Ygritte scene at the end was kinda cute. Maybe I'm a romantic but they didn't really have moments like that in the books.
890	Urine Greyjoy	2013-05-06	I always enjoy the little chats between Varys and Littlefinger. Probably the intellectual highpoints of the show.
891	mafalda	2013-05-06	I really liked the scene with Melisandre, Thoros, and Beric. I thought it was very insightful, and I love hearing Valyrian spoken. However, I HATED her interaction with Arya. HATED it. I wish DD would stop putting in bits and pieces of the future books. Let us read them on our own whenever they come out. It already sucks that the show might surpass the books.
I can only hope that this is one of Mel's incorrect prophecies. Maybe when they "meet again" it will really be the Karstark girl on the dying horse. And I'm not even going to bother guessing the eye thing. Especially since the actors all, or most of them, have different eye colors than their book characters.
A lot of people seemed to dislike this episode, but I didn't think it was that bad. I gave it a 7. I thought that the strongest scenes were with Roose, Jaime, and Brienne (lol at the dress!). I only wish it was longer. The Wall scenes were really good, minus the sappy final one, and Edmure wanting to pick his own Frey was hilarious. Those Frey guys were very odd looking!
I'm over Theon and Bran. They're both boring me, nothing is going on, and the whole "where is Theon/who is that guy?" thing has stretched out for far too long.
I'm curious to see how long they will stretch Jaime's journey to KL. Because he arrives AFTER the PW (because of that siiiick scene with Cersei) and I'm a believer that PW won't be til S4, so will the rest of S3 just be him journeying (and going back to get Bri of course)? There are still four eppys left.
892	Lord Bronn of Sunspear	2013-05-06	When it zoomed out from sam and gilly in the woods, i was thinking "ooooooooooo Coldhands!"
Brain fart, can someone remind me what signifigance the "give my regards to Robb" quote has?
893	Demiant	2013-05-06	I always enjoy the little chats between Varys and Littlefinger. Probably the intellectual highpoints of the show.Same, but I detest the fact that LF just reveals information to Varys so easily.
894	Demiant	2013-05-06	When it zoomed out from sam and gilly in the woods, i was thinking "ooooooooooo Coldhands!"Brain fart, can someone remind me what signifigance the "give my regards to Robb" quote has?IIRC, Jaimie says it to Roose as he leaves and then at the RW, the person that kills Robb says something along the lines of "Jaimie Lannister sends his regards"... am I missing anything else?
895	ckal	2013-05-06	I can't help but feel like HBO has dug themselves a hole in regards to Loras being the only Tyrell son. By not including at least one of Garlan or Willas, High Garden will be left without an heir once Loras becomes Kingsguard, which he will. Having even the slightest possibility that Highgarden will be left without a male heir seems non sensical for a family like the Tyrells who are seemingly extremely careful and thoroughly plan all of their decisions. They would undoubtedly have more sons instead of just the one.
Also, how is it going to work when in book 5 Loras is up at Dragonstone and Garlan is off in the Reach defending Highgarden from the Greyjoys?
896	ckal	2013-05-06	IIRC, Jaimie says it to Roose as he leaves and then at the RW, the person that kills Robb says something along the lines of "Jaimie Lannister sends his regards"... am I missing anything else?Correct. Since it is not specifically stated during the Red Wedding, what gives it away to the reader that it was Roose Bolton who dealt the killing blow to Robb was the description of his attire and that quote.
897	Demiant	2013-05-06	GRRT himself has stated that D&D could have aliens invade Westeros if they wanted to, so really if the show makes what I consider big changes to the story, I just don't consider it canon. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
898	ckal	2013-05-06	Other things about this episode:
Finally the terrible character of Ros is dead. I'm baffled by the people who are upset by this scene.
Littlefinger had some good dialogue.
The climb up the Wall was very exciting.
Starting to see glimpses of the Tormund from the books. Only just.
Sort of an odd choice for Ygritte to know that Jon has not turned from the Night's Watch.
Wonder how the whole Gendy/Melisandre storyline will play out. Will Gendry be saved by Davos then rejoin the BWB? Being saved seems like but rejoining the BWB seems doubtful.
Whatever happens, I wonder if DnD are foreshadowing things (or getting ahead of themselves) that will happen in the yet unreleased books. If Gendry dies in the show, is it likely he doesn't have any further part to play in the books? If Gendry lives but does not join the BWB, then is it that Gendry's time in the books with BWB is likely just temporary and not important until we find out what he does next? And if the latter is true, when we see what Gendry does next in the show, may it be a spoiler for his role in the upcoming books.?
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 06 May 2013 - 09:00 AM.
899	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Sansa crying at the end of the "ladder speech" was the most painful thing I've seen in GoT!
900	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I really liked the scene with Melisandre, Thoros, and Beric. I thought it was very insightful, and I love hearing Valyrian spoken. However, I HATED her interaction with Arya. HATED it. I wish DD would stop putting in bits and pieces of the future books. Let us read them on our own whenever they come out. It already sucks that the show might surpass the books.Wait, so the show is supposed to never foreshadow what happens in later books, because some people want to read the books first? This makes no sense as a criticism.Might? Please, the show is definitely going to come out before the books, unless George suddenly halves his usual writing time.
901	Cashewy	2013-05-06	The Climb: .  I think they could have had the experienced climbers go first as in the book - not Jon and Ygritte being in the first team without ruining the story or taking longer. It was cheap and gimmicky.The scene of Sam and Gilly was sweet and not completely ruined by Sam pulling that giant obsidian dagger out of his a** Another thing I'm wondering about not having the first team climb the wall, we should have met Val by now, right? At least in Mance's tent. Are they not going to do the baby switch, or not going to have Stannis offer the wildling princess to Jon? They seem to be doing everything they can to make the Wall storyline as BORING as they possibly can. I guess the Sam actor is doing a good job because I completely understand why everyone in the NW hates him.
902	Demiant	2013-05-06	Another thing I'm wondering about not having the first team climb the wall, we should have met Val by now, right? At least in Mance's tent. Are they not going to do the baby switch, or not going to have Stannis offer the wildling princess to Jon? They seem to be doing everything they can to make the Wall storyline as BORING as they possibly can.I guess the Sam actor is doing a good job because I completely understand why everyone in the NW hates him.They'll prob just introduce Val an episode or two before Sam & Gilly set sail.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
903	lostinasia	2013-05-06	A few different points:
The show is definitely playing up the religious fanaticism of the BwB, rather than the Robin Hood element. It's a change from the book, but one I'm interested in - remember when the BwB first appeared a few episodes ago, some remarked that they appeared too much the Merry Men cliche. At least the "one true god" element will take them away from that much-trodden terrain. So far as the BwB goes, I like the change; but I want the show to do a lot more to bring forward the suffering of the normal people of the Riverlands, and in that regard the change worries me.
I'm glad Jon Snow finally got to do something. OK, it was "just" swinging on the rope and saving his and Ygritte's lives, but that's one of the few times it's seemed like he's not just stared dully at someone, and then slowly realized "Oh, I guess I'd better do this." Plus the "Aren't you?" scared exchange was one of the first hints I've got that he may actually be a pleasant fellow to be around. Hey, the man can show a trace of a smile!
Poor Orell. Am I the only one who thinks that his cutting the rope would have been the right thing to do? Sure, cruel to those two, but better than all four dying.
Something that's been mentioned, but not quite highlighted enough: yes, Ros's death emphasizes Joff's sadism, and we already knew that, but much more importantly, it shows how dangerous and baleful Baelish (sorry) is. He's been a mustache-twirling twit for far too long, and now there's actually more menace backing him up. However, I wasn't a big fan of the final speech: "You sly dog! You got me monologuing!" I don't at all understand how Sansa or anyone else could possibly trust show-Littlefinger. He's too transparently a villain, and has been for a long time - but now with Ros's death, he's a villain that's dangerous rather than just full of himself.
I loved the scene between Loras and Sansa. Loras is trying, he's really trying, to do the right thing and be something of a gentleman, but he just doesn't have a clue. And Sansa doesn't have a clue in her own way. Two fairly decent but not particularly bright people trying to find their way in a horrible world.
I liked the attempt to juxtapose Littlefinger's nihilism with the gorgeous sunset falling upon Jon and Ygritte, the sweet young lovers (or are they?) (and have we EVER seen direct sunlight on Jon before?) - but the overall effect was just a bit too ham-fisted.
I don't know why people care about the show "spoiling" elements in future book. First of all, prophecies are so vague they can be retconned to mean anything, whether it be three kills or three disguises or a game of marbles that Arya wins. Second, accept it - the show is either going to end too early, without an ending, or it will pass GRRM. Probably in three years. And then the books will later come out, and most people will talk about how much better they are than the TV show, while the new breed of TV show purists will complain about how GRRM ruined D&D's perfect story.
904	Winter's Prince	2013-05-06	Remember that fucking Hornblower
Cersei........the most beautiful woman in all the seven kingdoms.......Hmm, yea right I don't think so. Aside from being Queen Regent and having sexy cheekbones she ain't nothing special. The Title of Most Beautiful Woman in the Seven Kingdoms falls to either Sansa, Margaery, or Cat.
905	SerMixalot	2013-05-06	Hey -- a prophecy from Melisandre!  Arya will kill someone with brown eyes, someone with blue eyes and someone with green eyes.  Any guesses?  I liked the reframing of Jon/Ygritte as two "lovers against the world."  Closing montage and final shot quite effective.  Less effective -- too much Theon with too few answers.  Jaime, Brienne and Bolton get short shrift (no mention of "sapphires.")  Could have skipped Bran and Sam/Gilly for as much as they did with the,.BTW, I think Sansa was crying because Tyrion gave her the true scoop regarding her marriage, and she was watching her only other option (LF) sail out of sight.I thought the eyes thing was referencing Arya's ability to change faces.
906	CincyBastard	2013-05-06	Once again, to the people complaining about the Theon/Ramsay scenes, of course you might find it boring. YOU ALREADY KNOW WHO THE BOY IS!! The tv audience doesn't know what happens to Theon. If they both just show up two seasons later, the audience won't care/buy the idea of "Just take our word for it, this Ramsay guy is a bad bad man."
Theon's transformation into Reek has to be shown on television for it to work. Books and TV are completely different in the way you set up a story.
907	Arataniello	2013-05-06	Wonder how the whole Gendy/Melisandre storyline will play out. Will Gendry be saved by Davos then rejoin the BWB? Being saved seems like but rejoining the BWB seems doubtful.Gendry will probably take up the role of Edric Storm in the books - leeched of his blood by Melisandre to use, but spirited away by men at the orders of Davos.  Rather than being whisked off to the Free Cities, he could be returned to the BwB.
908	Brewmaster	2013-05-06	when we see what Gendry does next in the show, may it be a spoiler for his role in the upcoming books.? It may, or it may not, be reflective of what happens to him in the books, so why worry about it?
909	Zman1863	2013-05-06	Once again, to the people complaining about the Theon/Ramsay scenes, of course you might find it boring. YOU ALREADY KNOW WHO THE BOY IS!! The tv audience doesn't know what happens to Theon. If they both just show up two seasons later, the audience won't care/buy the idea of "Just take our word for it, this Ramsay guy is a bad bad man."Theon's transformation into Reek has to be shown on television for it to work. Books and TV are completely different in the way you set up a story.That's true but I still think they could do it without so much screen time. This scene didn't reveal anything the viewer didn't know already, except that the Boy is not a Karstark or an Umber. And let's face it- the vast majority of TV only viewers can barely distinguish the great houses from each other. Expecting them to pick up on a process of elimination reference to the lesser northern families is a stretch. As a result, the scene is just a repeat of what we've seen all season.
910	pav	2013-05-06	So I tried to read all (most) of the posts in this thread but I didn't see anyone say this: I'm pretty sure Cersei is going to have Joff appoint Loras to the Kingsguard since the QoT seems to have implied her acceptance of the marriage. This seems to make sense to me, at least. Thoughts?
911	pleonasm	2013-05-06	That's true but I still think they could do it without so much screen time. This scene didn't reveal anything the viewer didn't know already, except that the Boy is not a Karstark or an Umber. And let's face it- the vast majority of TV only viewers can barely distinguish the great houses from each other. Expecting them to pick up on a process of elimination reference to the lesser northern families is a stretch. As a result, the scene is just a repeat of what we've seen all season.Agreed. And what's also troubling long term is that its going to force B&B to expedite Theon's storyline from Dance much earlier into the story. They can't possibly have another full season of torture porn, so its likely next year we see Theon as Reek.Its such a poor use of screen time when other characters and storylines could have been better served.I think it would have been much more dramatically interesting and powerful to have kept Theon offscreen for most of the season and then have Ramsey take Robb down to the Twin's dungeon in episode 9, prior to the Red Wedding, and announce he had captured Theon Greyjoy. Theon could have then given his Ned speech at that time. The who is the torturer mystery is just silly... even for non-book viewers... it doesn't justify 6-10 minute scenes every other episode.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 06 May 2013 - 10:16 AM.
912	Bannerman918	2013-05-06	Nice to see Tormund har a bityes, finally a laugh.  he's been too serious this whole time.  hopefully a lot of "hars" are in store.
913	Chris High	2013-05-06	Sorry did not realize all of you are Authors and TV Producers.
914	Bannerman918	2013-05-06	So I tried to read all (most) of the posts in this thread but I didn't see anyone say this: I'm pretty sure Cersei is going to have Joff appoint Loras to the Kingsguard since the QoT seems to have implied her acceptance of the marriage. This seems to make sense to me, at least. Thoughts?I thought her snapping the quill was an obvious sign that she didn't accept the marriage.  Did I read that wrong?
915	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	Once again, to the people complaining about the Theon/Ramsay scenes, of course you might find it boring. YOU ALREADY KNOW WHO THE BOY IS!! The tv audience doesn't know what happens to Theon. If they both just show up two seasons later, the audience won't care/buy the idea of "Just take our word for it, this Ramsay guy is a bad bad man."Theon's transformation into Reek has to be shown on television for it to work. Books and TV are completely different in the way you set up a story.From what I've seen, even non-readers are bored by the scenes. The Unsullied at the TWOP forums are certainly not interested in gratuitous torture, and the non-readers I interact with aren't interested either.And I'm sorry, but the scenes are NOT necessary. Theon's transformation works in the books purely because we never see it. When we meet him, he's a shell of his former self, and we have to piece together how it was possible for him to transform so dramatically, and it makes us realise what a monster Ramsay is without us even needing to see any explicit torture.Theon has had 16 and a half minutes of screentime this season that could have been used to give more scenes to any of the other stories.Gendry will probably take up the role of Edric Storm in the books - leeched of his blood by Melisandre to use, but spirited away by men at the orders of Davos.  Rather than being whisked off to the Free Cities, he could be returned to the BwB.Why would he be returned to the BwB, after they sold him to Melisandre?
916	Brewmaster	2013-05-06	That's true but I still think they could do it without so much screen time. This scene didn't reveal anything the viewer didn't know already, except that the Boy is not a Karstark or an Umber. Ramsay flayed Theon's pinky in this episode. He sends it to Asha & Robb in the books...
917	Brewmaster	2013-05-06	I thought her snapping the quill was an obvious sign that she didn't accept the marriage.  Did I read that wrong? Yes, you did. Tywin had the order to appoint Loras to the Kingsguard in hand and was preparing to sign it. She snapped the quill, meaning she didn't want him to appoint Loras to the KG
918	Alboin	2013-05-06	I remembered another thing: Sansa's "Can I invite my family?"... Seriously? What are they smoking??? Yes, Sansa, you can invite rotten head of your Daddy, your missing sister and your older brother we're warring with!!!  We all dance and eat a  lot of meat.
Idioitic...
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 06 May 2013 - 10:31 AM.
919	jamesrivers	2013-05-06	For some thoughts of my own.1) Eliminating Ser Dontos from the show till now, and having LF act directly, and especially act right before he leaves for the Vale himself would definitely make everyone at KL suspicious wouldn't it? I mean imagine if Sansa had agreed to be whisked away with LF on his ship, it would be pretty obvious to Tywin (with the help of advice from Varys for sure) that LF is behind Sansa's disappearance. I think the show really messed up there. And also, now that LF has left to the Vale, who would be the person to arrange PW and Sansa'a escape? Introduction of a Kettleblack perhaps?I was thinking it would be Dontos when LF was mentioning how he has a new follower. I'm still going by an interview with D&D where they said we haven't seen the last of Dontos on the show.
920	ckal	2013-05-06	Gendry will probably take up the role of Edric Storm in the books - leeched of his blood by Melisandre to use, but spirited away by men at the orders of Davos.  Rather than being whisked off to the Free Cities, he could be returned to the BwB.Yes Gendry taking on Edric's role from the book is the popular consensus which I also agree with. I mean after that particular story line is concluded, what will happen? Will he return to being Gendry, or will he remain Edric and be shipped to Essos? I am thinking that DnD's knowledge of yet unrevealed events may give us an idea what to expect from Gendry in the upcoming books, and possibly his level of importance in the story.
921	Syphon the Sanitator	2013-05-06	It was a singular piece of moral nihilism. The worst part about it is that I can bet quite a lot of viewers agreed with him.Episode should have ended there, tough. Cheesy kiss atop the Wall ruined everything forever.I agree so much. You could feel that everything was heading towards a crescendo there. Only having the conversation between Varys and Littlefinger interspersed with bits of the Wildlings climbing the Wall would have been better.Same here- foreshadowing her being a Faceless Man.Hells no. She will shut those eyes forever means that she kills them! If she only imitates 3 people, I would consider her career a whopper of a failure and I would suggest she hide well, because the skills of a FM are too valuable for them to be wasted on just 3 hits.Just a random book reader question this episode brought up: is Valar Morghulis a widely common phrase in the free cities? Or one specifically used by the Faceless Men?  It was strange to hear Melisandre and Thoros saying it.  But I could be incorrectly attributing it just to the Faceless Men. I know Dany hears it too, but I didn't think it was a common greeting..Valar Morghulis translates to all men must die in High Valyrian.[1] It is a customary saying in Essos, and is traditionally answered with "Valar Dohaeris."[2]What I get from that is not that Arya will kill these people, is that she will become these people i.e. foreshadowing her becoming a Faceless (Wo)ManAgain. No. She kills at least those 3 people.I always enjoy the little chats between Varys and Littlefinger. Probably the intellectual highpoints of the show.Agreed. As I said above, the talk between Varys and Littlefinger in this episode was the highpoint of the show, period. And it hints towards Littlefinger maybe even being in league with the Great Other. Wouldn't it be great if it turned out that the eunuch and the mockingbird were not just political enemies, but enemies on a global scale as well, If Varys works for the good of the Targaryens/fire, and Littlefinger works for the good of the Great Other/ice, well...That takes everything to a whole new level.I thought the eyes thing was referencing Arya's ability to change faces.I wonder how many times more I will have to say no to this.Yes Gendry taking on Edric's role from the book is the popular consensus which I also agree with. I mean after that particular story line is concluded, what will happen? Will he return to being Gendry, or will he remain Edric and be shipped to Essos? I am thinking that DnD's knowledge of yet unrevealed events may give us an idea what to expect from Gendry in the upcoming books, and possibly his level of importance in the story.What if Melisandre takes Gendry as a source of her "children"? Stannis has grown too weak, it was said, to give her another son. What if she intends to use Gendry as a younger father for the shadows, supplying her with more assassins than Stannis can? Yay crackpot!
					
					
							Edited by Syphon the Sanitator, 06 May 2013 - 10:46 AM.
922	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	Are you thinking of Edric Storm? Davos smuggled him away. There is the whole thing of the three kings dying is what Melisandre promised. Once that had become so Davos knew that Edric was going to be sacrificed. Davos got him on a boat and faced the consequence. Of course he thought it would probably of meant his head. He however convinces Stannis that by fighting at the wall he can win the northmen to his cause. Stannis having lost most of his army is desperate for men to fight for him and decides it is his only option.
923	Battlekitten	2013-05-06	Poor Ros
I was hoping she would stick around. And we didn't need to see that. 
I hope they use it at least
Perhaps Olenna agreed to the marriage but will now find out through Varys and want Loras on the kings guard to protect Margery while PW plans are put in place ?
924	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	It really changes the whole dynamic with the Tyrells having Loras as the sole heir. Most things on the show they seemed to have simplified and streamlined. Loras could be a very complicated single entity.
925	MegaMagick	2013-05-06	This show needs more littlefinger, he and Jaime have been cast perfectly and both actors nail every scene they're in. I loved the scene between him and Varys. Melisandre meeting up with Thoros was also very interesting, as was her interest in Gendry. I wonder where they're heading with that, his path is COMPLETELY different in the books.The one thing i'm disappointed in is the lack of dungeon Davos, i'd rather have that than Samwell singing to Gilly. Samwell sucks in the books and even more so in the show, too many other interesting characters and too few episodes to be focusing on such a bad character.The wall scenes were pretty good up until they climbed the thing, i can't believe HBO can't afford better CG than that. Hard to take it seriously.Some other side notes:Arya's actress is becoming plump, which is a little distracting. Her character has also become irrelevant as of late, but her time will probably come when Clegane pops up again.Bran's actor looks old, his nose is getting HUGE and it's ridiculous how they have him set up under a tree in every scene he's in. They really should've recast his character.
926	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	So since Sam randomly broke out his buried treasure dragon glass dagger to show us and Gilly, we should be getting Sam the Slayer soon, right?
927	jamesrivers	2013-05-06	So since Sam randomly broke out his buried treasure dragon glass dagger to show us and Gilly, we should be getting Sam the Slayer soon, right?I totally took that scene as a reminder that he has the dragon-glass dagger and a foreshadow that he will indeed use it. I was only hoping it would be then and there, instead of the conversation over the fire and the singing.
928	Peptalk	2013-05-06	Some other side notes:Arya's actress is becoming plump, which is a little distracting. Her character has also become irrelevant as of late, but her time will probably come when Clegane pops up again.Bran's actor looks old, his nose is getting HUGE and it's ridiculous how they have him set up under a tree in every scene he's in. They really should've recast his character.I absolutely hate re-casting of characters. I just don't buy the 'change the face, keep the character'. I'm glad they didn't even if they are growing fast. It doesn't matter much anyway, since the characters already are aged up. Sometimes children grow very fast over a short amount of time.
929	sastelise	2013-05-06	The more I think about it the less I like this episode. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not happy with the premature marriage reveal by Tyrion. This sets up Sansa to long after Little Finger. She<U+0080><U+0099>s just transferring her trust from one person to the next without having the opportunity to be shocked into suspicion and recognizing that no one<U+0080><U+0099>s on her side. Altogether she<U+0080><U+0099>s way too smiley and calm this season, and this is not how I imagined her at this point in the books. Although the RW might me a rude awakening for Sansa, she will wish she had gone with LF all the more, whereas in the books she doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t know who will be waiting for her on the ship. Also, it looks like it<U+0080><U+0099>ll be one of the Tyrells that gives her the hairnet, which means Sansa is going to look stupid for framing herself at their behest. I just don<U+0080><U+0099>t like what they<U+0080><U+0099>re doing to the potential of one of my favorite characters!
<U+0080>And I miss the hound already. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think he<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be in the next episode either, which means that his journey with Arya will be truncated.
I give this episode a 5. The only part I liked was the scene between Tywin and the Queen of Thorns. Even here I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t get the broken quill. Does that mean that Olenna has agreed to Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s terms (and thus the plans for the purple wedding are hatched)?
930	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	I totally took that scene as a reminder that he has the dragon-glass dagger and a foreshadow that he will indeed use it. I was only hoping it would be then and there, instead of the conversation over the fire and the singing.I was waiting for it as soon as I saw him pull it out and they kept doing camera angles from the woods, lol. I think its gotta happen now that they showed it.
931	ckal	2013-05-06	What if Melisandre takes Gendry as a source of her "children"? Stannis has grown too weak, it was said, to give her another son. What if she intends to use Gendry as a younger father for the shadows, supplying her with more assassins than Stannis can? Yay crackpot!Based on that scene where Melisandre leaves Stannis to get Gendry, I would say this is certainly plausible.It really changes the whole dynamic with the Tyrells having Loras as the sole heir. Most things on the show they seemed to have simplified and streamlined. Loras could be a very complicated single entity.I agree. Here's my comment from last page:"I can't help but feel like HBO has dug themselves a hole in regards to Loras being the only Tyrell son. By not including at least one of Garlan or Willas, High Garden will be left without an heir once Loras becomes Kingsguard, which he will. Having even the slightest possibility that Highgarden will be left without a male heir seems non sensical for a family like the Tyrells who are seemingly extremely careful and thoroughly plan all of their decisions. They would undoubtedly have more sons instead of just the one.Also, how is it going to work when in book 5 Loras is up at Dragonstone and Garlan is off in the Reach defending Highgarden from the Greyjoys?"So since Sam randomly broke out his buried treasure dragon glass dagger to show us and Gilly, we should be getting Sam the Slayer soon, right?Yeah it was HBO reminding us he found these things in S02 and it is still of some importance. They even go as far as to ask what it does, Sam saying he's not sure it does anything. But we know what it does, yes we do.
932	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I'm starting to really like ShowAnguy. It's a shame, because I think its almost a certainty that the Hound is going to kill him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
933	Giskard Reventlov	2013-05-06	This show is falling of the wall.
As I said on other thread (sorry for repeating myself) - Is this show still based on ASOIAF books ?
Last year we had meaningless sex scenes instead a material from the books.
This year we have meaningless torture scenes that are not in the books instead a material from the books.
Where the frak, was Danerys ?
934	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	she was in yunkai, or close to it.
935	Giskard Reventlov	2013-05-06	really ? r u sure ?
936	TalalOfDorne	2013-05-06	Ros, you wont be missed.
937	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	This show is falling of the wall.As I said on other thread (sorry for repeating myself) - Is this show still based on ASOIAF books ?Last year we had meaningless sex scenes instead a material from the books.This year we have meaningless torture scenes that are not in the books instead a material from the books.Where the frak, was Danerys ?I find this incredibly funny that you're complaining of not seeing Dany for one week whereas people who read the books waited 10 FUCKING YEARS to read a Dany chapter because George skipped her for an entire book.
938	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	DP
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 12:21 PM.
939	HouseHarrison	2013-05-06	Keep in mind that Dany only basically has to capture 2 cities, and then she's done with book events until the events of ADWD. Thus if the writers want to keep her relevant, they really need to take their time.
Anyway the changes to the show really aren't bothering me, though I think the Theon-Ramsay stuff, while amusing it is at the moment, is ultimately pointless. It was more powerful seeing what Theon had been reduced to in ADWD immediately then a slow process.
I find the show great, and am interested as an avid book reader to see new material that has GRRM's blessing. Personally, I agree with the decision to substitute Edric with Gendry (who was always more well-established) and have Melisandre and Arya meet. I wish that scene was in the books.
					
					
							Edited by HouseHarrison, 06 May 2013 - 12:22 PM.
940	David Selig	2013-05-06	The ending was unintentional comedy gold for me. It looked so much in every respect like the ending of the corniest kind of romantic Hollywood movies it just really made me laugh.
941	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Keep in mind that Dany only basically has to capture 2 cities, and then she's done with book events until the events of ADWD. Thus if the writers want to keep her relevant, they really need to take their time.Anyway the changes to the show really aren't bothering me, though I think the Theon-Ramsay stuff, while amusing it is at the moment, is ultimately pointless. It was more powerful seeing what Theon had been reduced to in ADWD immediately then a slow process.I find the show great, and am interested as an avid book reader to see new material that has GRRM's blessing. Personally, I agree with the decision to substitute Edric with Gendry (who was always more well-established) and have Melisandre and Arya meet. I wish that scene was in the books.They aren't going to show Theon getting tortured every episode for the next 2 seasons so when we meet him again and he's broken, we know how and why it happened and can then sort of piece together what happened in between, since we don't have access to all of Theon's thoughts like we do in the books.
942	Giskard Reventlov	2013-05-06	I find this incredibly funny that you're complaining of not seeing Dany for one week whereas people who read the books waited 10 FUCKING YEARS to read a Dany chapter because George skipped her for an entire book.You read the books ? Amazing. Well so have I. What I find not funny at all is seeing Theon in every episode while he is  not in the book.
943	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	IThe ending was unintentional comedy gold for me. It looked so much in every respect like the ending of the corniest kind of romantic Hollywood movies it just really made me laugh.That  scene didn't really do much for me. I'm not really feeling jon's storyline right now which is the opposite of how it was in the books.
944	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	The ending was unintentional comedy gold for me. It looked so much in every respect like the ending of the corniest kind of romantic Hollywood movies it just really made me laugh.I felt like I was watching Titanic at that point, but it wasn't too bad. It's one of the few times the show ended on some kind of high note. We all know how that romance turns out anyway...
945	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	I'm starting to really like ShowAnguy. It's a shame, because I think its almost a certainty that the Hound is going to kill him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> You could be right. This band is still operating as far as we know in the books still though. We know Beric or UnBeric or whatever doesn't last. That leaves you Thoros and ... It would be nice if they could keep at least two of the band together for Lady Stoneheart.
946	Meddler	2013-05-06	Yes Gendry taking on Edric's role from the book is the popular consensus which I also agree with. I mean after that particular story line is concluded, what will happen? Will he return to being Gendry, or will he remain Edric and be shipped to Essos? I am thinking that DnD's knowledge of yet unrevealed events may give us an idea what to expect from Gendry in the upcoming books, and possibly his level of importance in the story.I actually think it's the opposite. I think it's a hint as to Edric's potential importance in later books. It definitely seemed as though Gendry felt betrayed by the Brotherhood, it's hard to see him winding up back there. But if he just takes over Edric's story from here, it seems if anything it's a hint that Edric could be important down the road, since they're killing off the Gendry storyline in favor of the Edric one.
947	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	I really don't know why they changed the finding of the dragonglass daggers? One little snippet of Snow before he leaves with Q. Halfhand.
948	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	You read the books ? Amazing. Well so have I. What I find not funny at all is seeing Theon in every episode while he is  not in the book.Did you read them after they all came out recently? Because your complaint about not seeing one character for one episode is silly when simultaneously complaining that they are deviating too much.Theon needs to have his torture at least introduced to the audience for the sake of television. It does not work like it does when reading a book.
949	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	I actually think it's the opposite. I think it's a hint as to Edric's potential importance in later books. It definitely seemed as though Gendry felt betrayed by the Brotherhood, it's hard to see him winding up back there. But if he just takes over Edric's story from here, it seems if anything it's a hint that Edric could be important down the road, since they're killing off the Gendry storyline in favor of the Edric one.I think I'm with ckal. I think Gendry is the one that still has a massive role. Who knows though really? Doesn't Gendry show up out at Crackclaw anyway? That's one of the easiest places to sail to from Dragonstone.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 06 May 2013 - 12:42 PM.
950	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I actually think it's the opposite. I think it's a hint as to Edric's potential importance in later books. It definitely seemed as though Gendry felt betrayed by the Brotherhood, it's hard to see him winding up back there. But if he just takes over Edric's story from here, it seems if anything it's a hint that Edric could be important down the road, since they're killing off the Gendry storyline in favor of the Edric one.While I understand your line of thinking. I felt like when Edric gets shipped off it was the end of whatever importance he had.
951	trearu	2013-05-06	As for Shae and Sansa -- I definitely think they're setting up Shae being jealous of Sansa and that being why she turns against Tyrion later on.A jealous whore? Especially in the show it always seemed to me so obvious she is just with Tyrion to spy for Tywin. I never got why Tyrion never presumed as much...If you want the exact same story in the show then you don't understand how adaptations work. There are too many characters for the budget to allow all of them. It isn't possible. The show is doing an amazing job of streamlining and working within it's resources.It has its advantages. Arya and Tywin, Loras the heir, no Edrik, lonely Shireen, her relationship with Davos this elements are far superior to the original.
952	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	I think the biggest issue remains with the absence of Storm's End. That is why Edric is not there along with so many others.
953	Meddler	2013-05-06	I think there's a key piece of the Theon story that's being missed by almost everyone. It's not just an excuse to give Alfie Allen screen time, and it's also not just a replacement for the Reek storyline. It's also a replacement for the Hornwood inheritance problem. This was the first we hear about Ramsay at all, and even if we don't directly meet the character, it shows his extreme sadism and brutality. This is an important aspect of the character, and one we don't get with the Reek story. With Reek we see the deviousness and cunning, but we don't see the sheer brutality. Transmuting the Reek and Hornwood stories into the "Boy" story shows both elements of the character, and yes, gives Alfie Allen something to do. 
Beyond that, I think it's also a setup to show non-book readers some of the darkness that surrounds House Bolton. In the books, we get a decent sense of this through Roose, but in ways that would be difficult to depict in the show--the way people feel when he speaks, his interactions with the other lords, details about the history of tensions between House Bolton and Stark, etc. For newbies, it would be completely shocking not just that the RW happens, but that when Roose is actually the one to finish Robb, it would be downright confusing. He's been Robb's most trusted general for the last two seasons, whereas in the books he has very little direct interaction with Robb after they split up at the Twins.
954	Giskard Reventlov	2013-05-06	Did you read them after they all came out recently? Because your complaint about not seeing one character for one episode is silly when simultaneously complaining that they are deviating too much.Theon needs to have his torture at least introduced to the audience for the sake of television. It does not work like it does when reading a book.No, but I see that you have. Good for u /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />My point was that we get to see meaningles Theon torture scenes , who is not in the book btw , instead of Daenerys -   much like last year we had meaningles sex scenes while cutting out  big parts of the book.There is no real need to see Theon now...as much as there were no need last year to see extra scenes to get that Geoffry is psycho.
955	Meddler	2013-05-06	While I understand your line of thinking. I felt like when Edric gets shipped off it was the end of whatever importance he had.I think I'm with ckal. I think Gendry is the one that still has a massive role. Who knows though really? Doesn't Gendry show up out at Crackclaw anyway? That's one of the easiest places to sail to from Dragonstone.I would have thought so as well just based on the books, but that's more just based on the heavier role Gendry has had so far. There's plenty of speculation that Edric's role isn't over, and his departure and function to this point is quite a bit more ambiguous. Gendry's served a number of purposes, and there's not a whole lot of hint that he has anything important left to do. Edric's function still seems like something of a mystery. After watching this episode, I definitely came away leaning more towards the idea that we'll see Edric again in the books, and that in the show, Gendry is just going to take over that story, since he doesn't really have any huge functions that we know of left to fill. We only really see him again in the books after this point when Brienne shows up at the Crossroads Inn, and he doesn't do anything that Anguy couldn't do. The only thing we'd miss out in is her confusing him for Renly, and that could still theoretically happen sometime later if she encounters him on Edric's path.
956	jamesrivers	2013-05-06	I find this incredibly funny that you're complaining of not seeing Dany for one week whereas people who read the books waited 10 FUCKING YEARS to read a Dany chapter because George skipped her for an entire book.I feel your pain. I only just read the books last year so it was a month for me to read AFFC to not have any idea what was going on with Dany. Still too long!I joke of course because who knows how many months/years it will be until the next Dany chapter
957	Meddler	2013-05-06	I would have thought so as well just based on the books, but that's more just based on the heavier role Gendry has had so far. There's plenty of speculation that Edric's role isn't over, and his departure and function to this point is quite a bit more ambiguous. Gendry's served a number of purposes, and there's not a whole lot of hint that he has anything important left to do. Edric's function still seems like something of a mystery. After watching this episode, I definitely came away leaning more towards the idea that we'll see Edric again in the books, and that in the show, Gendry is just going to take over that story, since he doesn't really have any huge functions that we know of left to fill. We only really see him again in the books after this point when Brienne shows up at the Crossroads Inn, and he doesn't do anything that Anguy couldn't do. The only thing we'd miss out in is her confusing him for Renly, and that could still theoretically happen sometime later if she encounters him on Edric's path.Originally tried to post images of all three of them, but take a look at pics of Renly compared to Anguy and Gendry in the show too, Anguy actually kind of looks a bit like Renly, while Gendry doesn't really at all. Could they be setting Anguy up to be another of Robert's bastards somehow....?
					
					
							Edited by Meddler, 06 May 2013 - 01:06 PM.
958	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-05-06	I always thought that Gendry had a bigger role coming in the last books. I thought he would be the one to get her away from the FM, telling her about Sansa, Bran, and Rickon. Maybe now when he leaves Dragonstone ( I assume Davos will free him ) he will end up in Braavos?
959	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	Or Edric was just some bastard boy they stole from Storm's End. He played with Shireen. Melisandre wanted to sacrifice him. Davos saves him and ships him out of the picture. Story over of Edric Storm.
960	Meddler	2013-05-06	Or Edric was just some bastard boy they stole from Storm's End. He played with Shireen. Melisandre wanted to sacrifice him. Davos saves him and ships him out of the picture. Story over of Edric Storm.Sure, but I'm far from the first one to propose he might come back. That kind of story dressing is indeed characteristic of GRRM, but so is having something appear as such only to turn out to be crucial. I definitely wasn't a huge Edric theorist until this episode of the show, but it makes me wonder why they couldn't come up with an easier way of replacing Edric. At the very least, it takes Gendry way on a different path, and makes me think his story is less significant than I'd hoped (I always liked him in the books).
961	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	Gendry replacing Edric could be because there is some future connection between Gendry and The Onion Knight. That way they get in a couple of scenes. Maybe The Onion Knight meets up with Gendry coming from White Harbor.
962	Hrafnsmerki	2013-05-06	I have to ask, what is with all the hate for Ros in this forum? I saw her as a pretty strong character when the series has stripped much of Cat's and Dany's (at least during the 2nd season) strength away and almost all of Cersei's. I think one of the best points in the novel were the characterization of very tough women in a male driven world and I liked Ros as an addition. What is so wrong with her?
963	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	It gives me some hope for John Snow that Melisandre maybe learned how Thoros revived Beric.
964	Meddler	2013-05-06	Gendry replacing Edric could be because there is some future connection between Gendry and The Onion Knight. That way they get in a couple of scenes. Maybe The Onion Knight meets up with Gendry coming from White Harbor.Also possible, but that would entail getting Gendry back to the Brotherhood, which I just can't see happening in the show at this point. They sold him out, he was clearly hurt by it, and they're taking money seemed to reinforce that this was not meant as a benevolent or redeemable action on their part.All I'm saying is after seeing the Gendry go off with Mel, and it becoming clear he was replacing Edric, my gut reaction was that it seems much more plausible now that Edric has a more important role in the future of the story than Gendry, which wasn't something I really gave much credence to before. I'd read other people speculating such, and never really thought much about it one way or another, but this seems like a point in favor of such speculation, since the book Gendry storyline seems likely, for all intents and purposes, over, and the Edric one is directly replacing it.
965	Xasthur	2013-05-06	What I liked:
- The climb and the cheesy hopeless romantic ending with Jon and Ygritte.
The climb was visually impressive and scary (ok, I'm scared of heights by myself /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> ). The cutting of the rope by Orell was also needed, I don't get why people complaining about too much action. It's a TV show and the climb was the title of the Episode - there has to be a terrifying moment otherwise it would come over as too much of a cakewalk.
The romantic kiss at the end was also pretty touching. I don't care if it's cheesy, there are also some cheesy kissing moments in the books too. I think it came over as strong since Ygritte and Jon had the discussion about betrayal before... the death of Ygritte has to have some sort of impact on the viewer at least. Actually I didn't really care for this romance in the books.
I really liked her in this episode. I thought her accent was annyoing but in this episode, with the clothes and the messed up hair, she really comes over as being a wildling.
- Littlefingers ladder-monologue. I like voice-overs over different scenes in this show, and it's never wrong to show how much of a maniac Joffrey is. And they finally gave Littlefinger something badass and villianized him. Before that he was like Cersei's bitch.
- Ramsey and Theon. Alfie continues to be the best actor on the show, together with Charles Dance. Sadly he only has torture porn in this season so he won't get much critical appreciation. And the Ramsey guy - well, actually I imagined Ramsey a bit more animalistic and savage, this portayal is more like a typical Hannibal-Lector-Hollywood-psychopath thing. But he does it so well. I really liked how he puts the knife towards his own finger before he tells Theon he is lying, that really shows the audience "Hey, this guy has some serious issues". It implies that there is something more going on in his twisted mind than just sadism.
What I did not like so much:
- Arya and Mel. I never really liked the Gendry and BwB storyline in the books, maybe that's way. I know it has to be done, since Gendry is Edric now, and Arya needs scenes because she can't go to Braavos too early. But it bored the hell out of me. But that's maybe just me
- Despite how good NCW and the guy who plays Roose Bolton is, I expected that scene to bit a lot more dramatic - it felt rushed inbetween other importent scenes which doesn't do that chapter justice, since it actually reveals for the first time that Roose is playing his own game. Maybe we see more of that when he leaves Harrenhall with Jamie. And I expected the hall to be bigger. I know, the Budget, but it can't be so difficult to find a bigger indoor location??
966	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	I'm starting to really like ShowAnguy. It's a shame, because I think its almost a certainty that the Hound is going to kill him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I kinda think that when UnCat happens and the BWB split, Anguy stays with UnCat and Thoros takes the other half. That way Davos can save Gendry and get him back to the river lands so he can become the blacksmith at the inn and join with Anguy's group, since he had no part in selling Gendry. Then he will be able to meet Brienne and go on with how it is in the book. Maybe...
967	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-06	What kind of life has Gendry had so far? He apprenticed to a blacksmith. Ok probably not so bad other than he doesn't know who his dad is.  He then was forced marched out of the capital into the Nights Watch. Then the King has assassins sent after him. Then he is apart of a bloodbath that ends him up at the torture of Harranhal. And then...there is obviously more but it wouldn't take too much to have Gendry back where he wasn't choosing.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 06 May 2013 - 01:29 PM.
968	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-06	I have to ask, what is with all the hate for Ros in this forum? I saw her as a pretty strong character when the series has stripped much of Cat's and Dany's (at least during the 2nd season) strength away and almost all of Cersei's. I think one of the best points in the novel were the characterization of very tough women in a male driven world and I liked Ros as an addition. What is so wrong with her?I disliked the character of Ros in the TV series because she was not in the book at all.  GRRM created so many fascinating characters, many of them strong women in a patriarchal society, and every minute of screen time devoted to Ros was a minute that could have been given to one of the real ASoIaF characters.   For the amount of time given to Ros, we could have had Jeyne Poole's story in AGOT and ADWD, or more screen time for Arya or Sansa or Cat or Myrcella, or even had the actual prostitutes from the book - Chataya and Alayaya (who gave ample evidence that even a beautiful, elite young courtesan could be abused by powerful people).
969	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	For the amount of time given to Ros, we could have had ... Chataya and Alayaya (who gave ample evidence that even a beautiful, elite young courtesan could be abused by powerful people).  This would have been absolutely horrible, horrible idea. The show has already been accused of racism, if two of the only black women in the show are prostitutes that worship sex... The shitstorm would be huge!
970	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-06	I love how they totally gave Tyrion a Jerry Springer moment with Sansa and Shae, the look of suspicion on Shae's face was priceless.  God what an awkward moment for Tyrion lol, and you can sort of see that D&D are leading Shae down a jealousy path that will ultimately lead to her betraying Tyrion on the show to possibly make up for how it was done in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 06 May 2013 - 01:41 PM.
971	Xasthur	2013-05-06	I disliked the character of Ros in the TV series because she was not in the book at all.  GRRM created so many fascinating characters, many of them strong women in a patriarchal society, and every minute of screen time devoted to Ros was a minute that could have been given to one of the real ASoIaF characters.   For the amount of time given to Ros, we could have had Jeyne Poole's story in AGOT and ADWD, or more screen time for Arya or Sansa or Cat or Myrcella, or even had the actual prostitutes from the book - Chataya and Alayaya (who gave ample evidence that even a beautiful, elite young courtesan could be abused by powerful people).  Ros was the TV shows plot device. They needed a character who could interact with Theon in Season 1 and Varys and Littlefinger in Season 2/3 to give those characters scenes. Plus she filled that hole caused by the lack of Alaya (or whatever that brothel momma was called in ACoK) and Dontos. I'd say she did her job.I mean, she was so much of a side character, only-TV-viewers were asking who that woman was Joffrey killed at the end of this episode. I always got the impression, only book readers were caring about this character and even know her name...I would state that if you all were watching another show not being based on the books you've read, you won't mind her either.
					
					
							Edited by Xasthur, 06 May 2013 - 01:42 PM.
972	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	No, but I see that you have. Good for u /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />My point was that we get to see meaningles Theon torture scenes , who is not in the book btw , instead of Daenerys -   much like last year we had meaningles sex scenes while cutting out  big parts of the book.There is no real need to see Theon now...as much as there were no need last year to see extra scenes to get that Geoffry is psycho.You cant just cut out Theon for what would be 2 books worth of show. Theres no guarantee that Alfie is just gonna sit around and turn down any work that might come his way. We have gone episodes this season without seeing Robb, Theon and Bran and probably almost everyone else during the entire show. It happens, 1 episode without Dany isnt gonna hurt anybody.And Alfie is an amazing actor.
					
					
							Edited by -Ghost-, 06 May 2013 - 01:43 PM.
973	Gran de Lys	2013-05-06	The (Little) Rope: I will say that while I am relatively unimpressed with the <U+0080><U+009C>Obvious<U+0080><U+009D> scenes wherein characters who are talking should not be actually talking, I thought that the LF-Varys back-and-forth was great.  Varys, strangely, represents optimism, hope and fulfillment; LF represents a bleak dystopia wherein all there is are rope and ash.  And he is the one watching others climb.  That dichotomy was a very well-needed bookmark for this episode and this series.   Poor Roz.Well said. It<U+0080><U+0099>s interesting to watch Varys<U+0080><U+0099> progression, as he is one of the quieter web-spinners in the GoT. Both he and LF have been enigmatic dark horses from the start, but I think GRRM has played a very subtle game with Varys. Think back to Ned asking Varys whom he served, and Varys answered <U+0080><U+009C>The realm.<U+0080><U+009D> Which, upon re-reading through DotD, turns out to be quite true. From the start, he has been grooming the Seven Kingdoms for little Aegon Bluehair<U+0080><U+0099>s ascension to the Iron Throne, while Littlefinger<U+0080><U+0099>s agenda<U+0080><U+0094>no less insidious but in the end less ambitious<U+0080><U+0094>had to do more with his own goals and greed. (Recall that fabulous scene in S2 where Cersei takes notice of the Mockingbird pin<U+0080><U+0094>she may not be as clever as she thinks she is, but she<U+0080><U+0099>s smart enough to know that means LF has created his own <U+0080><U+009C>house<U+0080><U+009D> and is no man<U+0080><U+0099>s or king<U+0080><U+0099>s creature.)I think this has been mentioned before but does anyone think that the non-book readers should have no illusions as to who has Theon?Even for bookies, there is a lot to keep up with and remember, so not really. But I do think they should just spill the beans already. My unsullied husband has watched each show twice and when I said that <U+0080><U+009C>Karhold<U+0080><U+009D> was a lie and tried to explain who Ramsay was, he was like, <U+0080><U+009C>Don<U+0080><U+0099>t care! Too much!<U+0080><U+009D> And the dude is a film critic, lol.The means of Ros<U+0080><U+0099> death was disgusting and unnecessary. I understand we need to ramp up the Joffrey hate in time for the RW, but still<U+0080><U+0094>it was pornographic and gratuitous. I think part of the snark about people come out of the closet and saying, <U+0080><U+009C>Boo, they killed poor Ros,<U+0080><U+009D> was because a lot of us who liked her were intimidated about speaking up before in the face of all the hate.My favorite part was how Frey-like those Freys look. There is nothing liked a Frey, is there? Except the lovely Roslind. Edmure needs to STFU and soonest.Line of the night: <U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s more of a brooch, really.<U+0080><U+009D> Girl, I am living for your brocade, hunty.Kayso, are we going to talk about Brienne in her shabby pink dress, or just pretend it didn<U+0080><U+0099>t happen because it<U+0080><U+0099>s such a sad sight to see?
974	ServantOnIce	2013-05-06	1. Is Mel going to meet Arya in the books?  Will Arya be the one who finishes off Queen Cersei posing as the corpse of Tyrion?
Remember they told the one hooker in Braavos who folks think is Tysha that her love will return to her one day, but her love would be already dead.   Arya can assume Tyrion's body as the FM do and go and finish off Cersei . . .
2. Mel going to meet Arya, is that a part of an ending that GRRM told D and D about that we got informed about last night?
Still has me guessing . .
975	Druze	2013-05-06	not only does Jojen have greensight but he's also on a mission and was probably prepared, which encompasses getting to know about the starks' background both through his sight and through howland reed.Yeah that's true. Apparently Howland Reed and Ned Stark were quite close as well because in the books Meera and Jojen seem to know a lot of the rumours/tales about Ned that they tell Bran who was left clueless to what seems to be some of the better known Westeros celebrity gossip.  Especially regarding Ashara
976	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	TBH I kinda feel bad for Loras, I mean, sure, Sansa isn't exactly his cup of tea (to put it mildly) but you have to figure the reaction to finding out he has to marry Cersei instead is gonna be one of "Wait, can we got back to the original plan?  I've just decided I'm totally cool with the marrying Sansa part."
Even with the extreme awkwardness, I sorta felt in his scene with Sansa he was starting to warm up to the idea a little, in a "to be intellectually honest, things could probably go a lot worse" kind of way.  Well, guess what... things just got worse.
977	Turin Turambar	2013-05-06	I thought LF was suggesting he had given Ros to Qyburn for experiments, actually.Qyburn has yet to arrive in King's Landing.
978	madprofessah	2013-05-06	I actually thought that Loras was starting to like Sansa as a person, and was trying to overcome the awkwardness of the situation (and he certainly was more aware of it than she was, since he was the gay man who had lost the love of his life and Sansa was clueless as to her supposed bridegroom's sexual orientation).  They actually seemed like two attractive young people who had not thought they would come together, were being brought to an arranged marriage, and were trying to get to know each other before the wedding.  I was soooo glad to see Ros dead.  I'd have preferred her to exit the series by embezzling a fortune from Littlefinger and running off to start her own brothel in Pentos, but at least she's gone.I'm tired of the Varys/Littlefinger Cryptic Conversations.  I couldn't tell what the heck Littlefinger was portentiously babbling about, and didn't care.  It's amazing how many different reactions there are to the show. I agree with you about Sansa/Loras and also about the demise of Ros (I didn't share the fandom's general hatred for her but I am glad to see her gone). I like your version of her exit from the show.Howver, I must disagree with your interpretation of the Varys/Littlefinger scene in the strongest terms!To me that scene was one of the most important scenes not only of the episode, but perhaps of the series itself. Here is what I said about it in my blog:And thus we see that "The Climb" in the title also refers to the climb from anonymity and poverty to prominence and wealth, i.e. ambition or upward social mobility. And it is clear that Lord Baelish is one of the most ambitious men in Westeros, and is, as Varys has said, "the most dangerous man in the Seven Kingdoms" and someone who "would burn down the realm if it meant he could be king of the ashes."[...]It's a key scene not just for the episode or even this season, but one that defines the ethos of the show itself. It's interesting that the line is said by the actor Aiden Gillen, who played another key role in another great HBO television series about ideology, systems of power and ambition: The Wire. In some sense all great fiction is about these things, and Game of Thrones is rapidly joining that celebrated canon.I love every scene between Littlefinger and Varys. Conlon Keith and Aiden Gillen are killing it, IMHO.
979	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	This would have been absolutely horrible, horrible idea. The show has already been accused of racism, if two of the only black women in the show are prostitutes that worship sex... The shitstorm would be huge! Not really. Chataya may "worship sex" but she's also a powerful woman, and Alayaya begins teaching herself to read. They're certainly a far better portrayal of characters of colour than the Dothraki or Xaro Xhoan Daxos.
980	VladofWallachia	2013-05-06	Does anyone else think that Melissandre learning about Beric's rezzes is confirmation that she will rez Jon in book 6? To me at least it makes a lot of sense.
981	Red Knight	2013-05-06	Way to much deviation from the book for me good show but not really even the same story any more.i agree totaly
982	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	I just spoke with my favourite non-reading friend (he catches all hints), and he told me that he had no problem understanding what was going on with the Freys. He said "Robb forged an alliance with the Freys based on his marrying one of Walder's daughters. He married Talisa instead, so the alliance was broken. He now needs the Freys again. What's tricky about it?". So, somehow the message must have passed. I'm quite relieved!
983	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I just spoke with my favourite non-reading friend (he catches all hints), and he told me that he had no problem understanding what was going on with the Freys. He said "Robb forged an alliance with the Freys based on his marrying one of Walder's daughters. He married Talisa instead, so the alliance was broken. He now needs the Freys again. What's tricky about it?". So, somehow the message must have passed. I'm quite relieved!Well, if Robb saying "The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry, Walder Frey" isn't enough of a clue for people then they just don't pay attention. That only happened 8 days ago.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 03:23 PM.
984	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	I just spoke with my favourite non-reading friend (he catches all hints), and he told me that he had no problem understanding what was going on with the Freys. He said "Robb forged an alliance with the Freys based on his marrying one of Walder's daughters. He married Talisa instead, so the alliance was broken. He now needs the Freys again. What's tricky about it?". So, somehow the message must have passed. I'm quite relieved!Hard for me to be objective about it, but I do think D&D did sell the new deal fairly convincingly.  I think the idea behind this story arc is to plant the seeds of why the RW eventually ends up happening, so that it's a justifiable outcome, but at the same time sell the audience that Robb's mistakes are going to be rectified, and that everything will turn out better than expected - until suddenly, it doesn't, not at all.
985	SilentSense	2013-05-06	Did anyone else lol at "The Lysa Arryn of chairs"? Hilarious stuff.
986	KnightsOfDany	2013-05-06	Hurray for the foreshadowing:
- Arya and the many eyes (faceless men right?)
- Sam's cool artifact (Sam the Slayer WOO i only hope there are some black brothers to witness Ed or Grenn maybe)
- You will make kings rise and fall (Gendrys blood will be used for the leeches)
Other then that:
-The wall climbing was a great and intense visual and im starting to like the Jon/Ygritte relationship even more.
-Killing Ros off im sure made book readers happy
-Littlefinger's evil speech on chaos was just great its clear they are showing a side of him we dont see to later on in the books.
-Obviously a huge deviation from the books but i really liked the scene with Beric, Mel and Thoros.
987	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Well, if Robb saying "The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry, Walder Frey" isn't enough of a clue for people then they just don't pay attention. That only happened 8 days ago.Yes, that is quite clear. I was rather worried that people would not understand why and when the Freys leaved Robb, since the show did not show (!) them leaving.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 06 May 2013 - 03:37 PM.
988	Talbot	2013-05-06	Is anyone else really, really digging Theon's arc this season? I don't understand the impatience, we know who is torturing him, but all these mind games are fantastic development for the "relationship" Theon and Ramsay have.
Alfie Allen's Theon is much more important to the show than he is to the books at this point, and I'm loving it.
989	King of the Road	2013-05-06	Is anyone else really, really digging Theon's arc this season? I don't understand the impatience, we know who is torturing him, but all these mind games are fantastic development for the "relationship" Theon and Ramsay have.Alfie Allen's Theon is much more important to the show than he is to the books at this point, and I'm loving it.Him and Jaime are my favourite bits of the season so far. I can't wait for more scenes with Iwan Rheon; wasn't sure about him when he was first cast but he's definitely proved me wrong. Great actor!
990	Talbot	2013-05-06	Him and Jaime are my favourite bits of the season so far. I can't wait for more scenes with Iwan Rheon; wasn't sure about him when he was first cast but he's definitely proved me wrong. Great actor!Agreed about the Jaime bit, these two arcs are driving the story for me personally. Rheon was fantastic in the episode last night, can't wait to see when he gets to the meaty aspects of Ramsay later on!
991	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rlI3_sIpFqg
here is our review of this weeks episode.
I;m not sold on Rheon yet. I don't want him to go all wacky on Ramsay.
I love Roose and Tywin, Queen of Thorns
992	King of the Wall	2013-05-06	Yeah that's true. Apparently Howland Reed and Ned Stark were quite close as well because in the books Meera and Jojen seem to know a lot of the rumours/tales about Ned that they tell Bran who was left clueless to what seems to be some of the better known Westeros celebrity gossip.  Especially regarding AsharaI wish they had told the story of the Knight of the Laughing Tree, instead of the stupid Osha and Meera fight.
993	Meddler	2013-05-06	Him and Jaime are my favourite bits of the season so far. I can't wait for more scenes with Iwan Rheon; wasn't sure about him when he was first cast but he's definitely proved me wrong. Great actor!I do think it's a bit messy, but I am digging it. They basically took the Hornwood Inheritance, the Reek storyline, and the background we hear from Theon in ADwD and rolled it into one package. It serves a number of purposes. It shows off Ramsay's cruelty (introduced in the book via the Hornwood Inheritance), his deviousness (the Reek storyline), informs Ramsay that the Stark kids are still alive (also happens during Reek), shows the darkness surrounding House Bolton prior to the RW (expressed more through Roose in the books, difficult to do in the same way in the show), etc.I didn't really get the point making Theon think he was in the Karhold, that comes off as confusing to me to non-readers who are still trying to figure out what's going on. I guess I see what they were trying to do, but I'm just not sure it was a good idea to use the Karstarks, since they were serving another purpose at the time--it's something that makes readers kind of raise an eyebrow, but seems totally plausible to non-book readers, and doesn't do anything except give them ammo to misunderstand. If they'd used something more random (maybe the Hornwood as a nod?), a place the first-time viewers would be skeptical about, it might have played a bit better. There are a few things like that about the whole thing that didn't feel "tight," but overall, I do think it's one of the stronger elements they've added to the narrative, and I definitely get what purposes it's meant to serve.
994	madprofessah	2013-05-06	A few questions raised by "The Climb":
Why is it that Tywin previously (S3E01) referred to Jaime as his "son and rightful heir" in his slap down of Tyrion even though Jamie has been (and I presume still is) in the Kingsguard (and therefore must have sworn a vow to renounce all claims to family and property (and women)?
Why is it that in the discussion with the Queen of Thorns in S3E06 Tywin says that he will appoint Loras Tyrell to the kingsguard, thus denying the Tyrells of an heir and resulting in  the end of their line?
The bigger question is how will B&B need to change the story so that when Loras goes into the Kingsguard (to avoid marrying Cersei) the Tyrells are not destroyed?
Could it be that they could possibly let Cersei actually marry Loras? Now THAT would be a major change from the books (but an interesting one!)
995	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	Is anyone else really, really digging Theon's arc this season? I don't understand the impatience, we know who is torturing him, but all these mind games are fantastic development for the "relationship" Theon and Ramsay have.Alfie Allen's Theon is much more important to the show than he is to the books at this point, and I'm loving it.I agree. This is one of the changes from the book that I absolutely love.
996	Meddler	2013-05-06	A few questions raised by "The Climb":Why is it that Tywin previously (S3E01) referred to Jaime as his "son and rightful heir" in his slap down of Tyrion even though Jamie has been (and I presume still is) in the Kingsguard (and therefore must have sworn a vow to renounce all claims to family and property (and women)?Why is it that in the discussion with the Queen of Thorns in S3E06 Tywin says that he will appoint Loras Tyrell to the kingsguard, thus denying the Tyrells of an heir and resulting in  the end of their line?The bigger question is how will B&B need to change the story so that when Loras goes into the Kingsguard (to avoid marrying Cersei) the Tyrells are not destroyed?Could it be that they could possibly let Cersei actually marry Loras? Now THAT would be a major change from the books (but an interesting one!)Well in the books, it's pretty strongly implied that Tywin is in almost complete denial of the notion that Jaime won't inherit the Rock due to his vows. Perhaps this is even part of what Cersei was thinking when she dismissed Barristan, setting a precedent for Jaime down the line. However, Tywin calling specific attention to the same set of details as they involve Loras is interesting, you are right about that. I wouldn't say it's completely out of character, but it does raise some problems the show is going to have to find a way to deal with, and ones that they could have quite easily dealt with just by giving Loras a brother, even if they'd made Garlan or Willas a younger brother or something. I kind of figured from the beginning that Cersei was going to have to marry Loras, or at least get engaged, but she would get out of it the same way she tried to dispose of him in AFfC--by encouraging to go on a borderline suicide mission to take Dragonstone unnecessarily. That seemed the natural course when Cersei was told she'd marry Loras.
997	Lord Bronn of Sunspear	2013-05-06	Everyones so upset about the Theon arc...
Before this season started, and it was just casting confirmation/speculation, i was most excited for Ramsay. Then the "rumor" surfaced that its creepy Simon (Iwan in Misfists), and i couldnt be happier. Whenever hes on screen, i just want more!
Theon on the other hand.... Alfie talks funny. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
998	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Everyones so upset about the Theon arc...Before this season started, and it was just casting confirmation/speculation, i was most excited for Ramsay. Then the "rumor" surfaced that its creepy Simon (Iwan in Misfists), and i couldnt be happier. Whenever hes on screen, i just want more!Theon on the other hand.... Alfie talks funny. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />He actually talks quite normally. That's his Iron Islander accent he's putting on lol. I was surprised when I heard him in interviews.
999	Tysha Tully	2013-05-06	Is it weird that I could watch a whole episode of Ramsay/Theon?! The casting for house Bolton is superb imo. Yes, it is weird and the casting is indeed superb
1000	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	Loved the appearance of Yunkai in the intro!
I'm torn on this whole Ramsay/Theon storyline. On the one hand, I understand why they're showing us what's going on at this point in the story, since it wouldn't make a whole lot of sense to have Theon disappear for two seasons, but the mind games are dragging on a bit too long. The whole Karhold bit was extraneous.
1001	kharma	2013-05-06	Like any tall structure, the width at the bottom with be substantially wider than the top.  Think Pyramids, Eiffel Tower, CN Tower etc. etc.  They made the wall way too thin.  Jon and Ygritte looked over the lip on the North side, turned around, walked across a little path, and were at the Southern edge.  Aren't there supposed to be tunnels and passages through the ice?   700 hundred feet tall and 12 feet wide: you'd expect it to be swaying back and forth.  The wildlings could have just dug right through it.The climb up the wall was thrilling though.  As an action sequence, it was more successful than you normally see in a television show.
1002	Jafer Flowers	2013-05-06	Did anyone see a parallel between the Twyin/Olenna scene with Aerys naming Jaime to the Kingsguard?
1003	DebL66	2013-05-06	Ahh the legendary 3 eyed Lannister known throughout the realm as Blinky, Blinky Lannister Tyrions evil little brother.Blinky Lannister.  I like it. I was only referencing the green eyed person equalling a Lannister, but I had forgotten that book eye color doesn't translate over to the show.  I had thought at first that it was a clue as to whom Arya would kill somewhere down the line.
1004	Tysha Tully	2013-05-06	Loved the appearance of Yunkai in the intro!I'm torn on this whole Ramsay/Theon storyline. On the one hand, I understand why they're showing us what's going on at this point in the story, since it wouldn't make a whole lot of sense to have Theon disappear for two seasons, but the mind games are dragging on a bit too long. The whole Karhold bit was extraneous.I agree. My fear is that we are forced to see all this torture porn and for whatever reason the tv show doesn't even fully utilize Reek later, despite how well played out it is. Don't get me wrong Alife is owning this role. But geez! Reek deserves his own damn-spin off series with this much screen time being thrown at him.
1005	alwayswinter	2013-05-06	I was only referencing the green eyed person equalling a Lannister, but I had forgotten that book eye color doesn't translate over to the show.That's true, although i like that both Roose & Ramsay have quite pale eyes in the show - i'm pretty much loving everything about House Bolton right now, could listen to Ramsay for hours, that dudes funny!!
1006	olibar	2013-05-06	Slightly different take on the Arya/Mel scene.  Given Arya's response, I thought Arya connected those colors with the three people from her list she shot "head, breast, balls" with arrows earlier in the episode.  Any chance those eye colors match with what Mel's "prophecy"?
Note I am not saying Melisandre actually made any kind of a real prophecy here (I mean how generic can you get with the eye colors and the dramatic we will meet again), but that Arya may have believed she did. 
Overall, the entire Mel/Brotherhood interlude reinforced for me my belief that Mel is a fraud when it comes to Rhollor.  What I'm still unsure of is whether she is actively aware that she is a fraud  or if she is a true believer blind to the fact that she is serving the dark instead of the light.  Which makes me think of the basic difference between Littlefinger and Varys summed up so well in this episode.  
Really been loving the way that different scenes have been resonating together in the episodes this season.
1007	rmholt	2013-05-06	No I think this is a reference to Arya going "blind" during her training to become a FM.No the eyes are shut forever, ie dead.
1008	rmholt	2013-05-06	I agree. This is one of the changes from the book that I absolutely love.Not a change really is it?  Theon's POV describe what happened to him and it seems pretty much in line with the show action
1009	rmholt	2013-05-06	The ending was unintentional comedy gold for me. It looked so much in every respect like the ending of the corniest kind of romantic Hollywood movies it just really made me laugh.I expected the Paramount lady to fade in
1010	wolverine	2013-05-06	Not a change really is it?  Theon's POV describe what happened to him and it seems pretty much in line with the show actionIt was not live or onscreen in the books though.
1011	Sharpes	2013-05-06	So this has me puzzled, why no mention of the Horn of Winter, aka Horn of Joramun? Isn't that a major plot point missing for the Wildling arc? (I seem to recall Ygritte telling Jon about it on top of the wall and that it was a ruse by Mance to keep their spirits up as they flee south?).
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 06 May 2013 - 07:56 PM.
1012	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-06	TBH I kinda feel bad for Loras, I mean, sure, Sansa isn't exactly his cup of tea (to put it mildly) but you have to figure the reaction to finding out he has to marry Cersei instead is gonna be one of "Wait, can we got back to the original plan?  I've just decided I'm totally cool with the marrying Sansa part."Even with the extreme awkwardness, I sorta felt in his scene with Sansa he was starting to warm up to the idea a little, in a "to be intellectually honest, things could probably go a lot worse" kind of way.  Well, guess what... things just got worse.Since Loras is apparently the only male child of Lord Tyrell in the TV show; he must be aware of the importance of siring more Tyrell children.  (perhaps he's experimented enough to know that he can physically have sex with women, just not enjoy it as much as he does sex with men)  Sansa, being 15, and the daughter of one of the most fertile noblewomen in Westeros, would give Loras better odds on producing a flock of little Tyrells than would Cersei, who, if she's lucky, might pop out one or two kids before menopause hits.  Plus, Sansa doesn't have a psycho brother; and is obviously happy to be marrying Loras, as opposed to Cersei, who would act like she's so far above the Tyrells it's ridiculous.(of course, Sansa's attitude towards Loras might have changed after she found out he preferred guys; but I imagine, if the marriage had gone ahead, that Margaery and Olenna would have made sure she didn't find that out before the couple was wedded and bedded.  And Sansa might have still been happy enough to be headed toward Highgarden that she could have become a very understanding wife...)
1013	Meddler	2013-05-06	Slightly different take on the Arya/Mel scene.  Given Arya's response, I thought Arya connected those colors with the three people from her list she shot "head, breast, balls" with arrows earlier in the episode.  Any chance those eye colors match with what Mel's "prophecy"?Note I am not saying Melisandre actually made any kind of a real prophecy here (I mean how generic can you get with the eye colors and the dramatic we will meet again), but that Arya may have believed she did.Overall, the entire Mel/Brotherhood interlude reinforced for me my belief that Mel is a fraud when it comes to Rhollor.  What I'm still unsure of is whether she is actively aware that she is a fraud  or if she is a true believer blind to the fact that she is serving the dark instead of the light.  Which makes me think of the basic difference between Littlefinger and Varys summed up so well in this episode.  Really been loving the way that different scenes have been resonating together in the episodes this season.Mel sure doesn't seem to believe she's a fraud in her POV in ADwD, I can dig what you're saying in a sense though. She's definitely frequently mistaken in the books, but obviously has power. She also seems a bit more independent than Thoros in terms of her relationship to any kind of central church. Both in the books and as verified in this episode, Thoros was on a mission given to him by some sort of institution. Nothing like this is ever really implied with Mel, she's always seemed a bit more on her own. Another thing that just hit me, the theory that she's actually dead/resurrected and that her beauty and youthful appearance is a glamour has some serious implications for her reaction to meeting Beric if true.
1014	Meddler	2013-05-06	So this has me puzzled, why no mention of the Horn of Winter, aka Horn of Joramun? Isn't that a major plot point missing for the Wildling arc? (I seem to recall Ygritte telling Jon about it on top of the wall and that it was a ruse by Mance to keep their spirits up as they flee south?).Probably stuff that will come up more in season 4. They've really avoided going deep into historical stuff until absolutely necessary. I don't believe Aegon and Rhaenys were even named until this season. I also don't believe Sam found a horn with the dragonglass FWIW, interesting implications there too.
1015	Newstar	2013-05-06	Looking at reactions across different fan boards, it seems to me a lot of things were not immediately understood by viewers (especially non-book viewers) in relation to the King's Landing plot:
1. What Olenna meant when she snapped the quill pen (did it mean her consent to or her refusal of the Loras/Cersei match?).
2. The nature of the bad news Tyrion was giving Sansa.
3. Whose ship Sansa was watching.
4. Whether the ship was sailing away.
5. Whether Littlefinger's offer to Sansa to escape King's Landing was still on the table.
6. Why Littlefinger fed Ros to Joffrey.
These things were all apparent to me (maybe because I'm a book reader and I was anticipating a few of the plot twists from spoilers and speculation based on previews and such), but it seems like they've been the source of a lot of genuine confusion.
On another note, I did like the obvious Ros/Sansa parallel at the end: two naive, young women who were wary of Littlefinger, obtained better offers (Varys' protection/engagement to Loras) and lied to Littlefinger about it (Ros acting as double agent/Sansa concealing her reason for wishing to stay in King's Landing from Littlefinger), whom he ruthlessly screwed over and fed to the Lannisters (one Lannister in particular, in Ros' case) once he discovered their true intentions.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 08:29 PM.
1016	Robin Of House Hill	2013-05-06	Looking at reactions across different fan boards, it seems to me a lot of things were not immediately understood by viewers (especially non-book viewers) in relation to the King's Landing plot:1. What Olenna meant when she snapped the quill pen (did it mean her consent to or her refusal of the Loras/Cersei match?).2. The nature of the bad news Tyrion was giving Sansa.3. Whose ship Sansa was watching.4. Whether the ship was sailing away.5. Whether Littlefinger's offer to Sansa to escape King's Landing was still on the table.6. Why Littlefinger fed Ros to Joffrey.These things were all apparent to me (maybe because I'm a book reader and I was anticipating a few of the plot twists from spoilers and speculation based on previews and such), but it seems like they've been the source of a lot of genuine confusion.Sorry, but it was all too obvious.1.  She accepted the marriage and snapped the pen with which he was writing the order to put Loras in the King's Guard.2.  That she was to marry him.3.  Littlefinger's  His sigil, the mockingbird, was on its sail.4.  It appears so.5.  Not for the foreseeable future, in view of how the story doesn't follow the book.6.  Because Varys recruited her and LF didn't want a spy on his staff.
1017	MsLibby	2013-05-06	Sir Robin. I can't stop looking at your Avatar. I want to pet it.  WHAT is it from?
1018	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I could understand the ship thing but everything else is pretty out there. I can't imagine myself enjoying a show without getting those details, so for all the complaining I do about dumbing things down and not being subtle, I suppose they really need to do it.
1019	Willem Blackfyre	2013-05-06	speaking of unsullied, I kind of noticed/realized who he was at end of earlier episode when Iwan shot the guys about to rape Theon and just before he shot the last one the guy says "...why you little bastard..." BAM!- Ramsey
1020	Honey Badger	2013-05-06	I could understand the ship thing but everything else is pretty out there. I can't imagine myself enjoying a show without getting those details, so for all the complaining I do about dumbing things down and not being subtle, I suppose they really need to do it.I disagree.  I caught all of it, and don't want the show dumbed down any further.  It's already pretty stupid with how open the intrigue is, with Varys and LF openly sparring with each other.  What about when Cersei openly threatened LF's life with her display of power?  No subtlety whatsoever.  The Wire had David Simon throw entire books worth of information at you, and you either kept up or didn't.  Raising the bar for the audience worked well in that show, and it gave great satisfaction for subsequent viewings.
1021	Steve Stark	2013-05-06	It gives me some hope for John Snow that Melisandre maybe learned how Thoros revived Beric.I see what you did there.Nice.
1022	Ampris	2013-05-06	Agreed. As I said above, the talk between Varys and Littlefinger in this episode was the highpoint of the show, period. And it hints towards Littlefinger maybe even being in league with the Great Other. Wouldn't it be great if it turned out that the eunuch and the mockingbird were not just political enemies, but enemies on a global scale as well, If Varys works for the good of the Targaryens/fire, and Littlefinger works for the good of the Great Other/ice, well...That takes everything to a whole new level.The whole sorcerer in a box scene made it pretty clear that Varys hates the red priests. He state explicitly he wants Melisandre to lose.
1023	lostinwesteros	2013-05-06	Really missing the Queens Crown scenario, The Knight of the Laughing Tree, and the encounter with the [Tom] Liddle in the cave, and just the Bran story in general.  What was the point of Jojen's dream of Jon on the wrong side of the wall?  Don't see why that's important at this point.Where is Ghost?  In fact, where are all the still living direwolves?  If we can have dragons, why can't we have them?I really liked TBWB in the books but HBO Thoros and Beric have turned out to be real creeps.   I miss Lem and his yellow cloak, and Arya's breaking his nose.  In the show, though, I loved that Arya took Mel by the shoulder and turned her around [a real "Hey, you!" moment].  But Mel gives me a total case of the creeps.  Don't understand why she's included in so many scenes (that weren't in the book) or why the Theon/Ramsay thing (although the exchange last night was pretty good) is being included.  None of that 'belongs' in ASoS and it's preventing the development of the story lines that are in the book.       I really felt for Loras - what a genuinely nice guy.
1024	Steve Stark	2013-05-06	(WOO FIRST POST!)I know she wasn't in the scene, but could it have been Margery who killed Ros?It may just be coincidence but in the Joffrey/Margery scene a few episodes ago Joffrey was pretty excited about the thought of watching Margery shoot someone.I know it was only Joffrey shown in the room, but he could have been sitting there for a while.Also, if anyone knew/found out about Margery's participation in this little 'experiment' they could use it as blackmail or evidence (If she was in some sort of... trial? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ).Her involvement in the killing of an 'innocent' woman could have some seriously negative connotations about how the small folk view her.Anyway, i'm probably reading into this to much, but i'm new to this site and seeing all the forums about the books makes me thinks I REALLY need to read more into EVERYTHING!Welcome. And while I'm not sure this is the direction they are taking, it is certainly a possibility. Considering the crossbow scene didn't exist in the book, or Ros at all for that matter, it is perfectly plausible that D&D would add it in that Marg was with him when he shot her. He is a psycho (Joffrey), and she will do anything to become queen. Shooting a whore might be out of her comfort zone, but she might play along to appease her king. And it would be interesting when the trial comes up, for sure.I like you already. Nice name too, lol.EDIT: Oh, but I just thought...if Joffrey is dead at the time of the trial...who would know that she was there other than Margery herself? I suppose LF would...I still like the idea, whether it happens or not. 
							Edited by Steve Stark, 06 May 2013 - 09:40 PM.
1025	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I disagree.  I caught all of it, and don't want the show dumbed down any further.  It's already pretty stupid with how open the intrigue is, with Varys and LF openly sparring with each other.  What about when Cersei openly threatened LF's life with her display of power?  No subtlety whatsoever.  The Wire had David Simon throw entire books worth of information at you, and you either kept up or didn't.  Raising the bar for the audience worked well in that show, and it gave great satisfaction for subsequent viewings.This issue being you read the books and are not indicative of the general viewership as I was stating in my original post. I get it that we want it one way, and would much prefer if it. Also Cersei being forward is not really weird. Littlefinger openly threatening the Queen is weird.
1026	Steve Stark	2013-05-06	Littlefinger openly threatening the Queen is weird.YES! LF or not, threaten a Queen such as Cersei and she'd flat out kill you. It was not LF's style. He is a sly weasel, not an openly brazen man who speaks out against those who would have him killed on the spot. He is a total wuss...but a devious and manipulative one. The only time he ever talks extremely aggressively in the books is when he talks to Sansa, and that's because she's 13 years old and an idiot (sorry Sansa fans, but not really).
1027	Ampris	2013-05-06	YES! LF or not, threaten a Queen such as Cersei and she'd flat out kill you. It was not LF's style. He is a sly weasel, not an openly brazen man who speaks out against those who would have him killed on the spot. He is a total wuss...but a devious and manipulative one. The only time he ever talks extremely aggressively in the books is when he talks to Sansa, and that's because she's 13 years old and an idiot (sorry Sansa fans, but not really).Agreed - I think getting whooped by Brandon Stark cured him of that
1028	madprofessah	2013-05-06	Sorry, but it was all too obvious.1.  She accepted the marriage and snapped the pen with which he was writing the order to put Loras in the King's Guard.2.  That she was to marry him.3.  Littlefinger's  His sigil, the mockingbird, was on its sail.4.  It appears so.5.  Not for the foreseeable future, in view of how the story doesn't follow the book.6.  Because Varys recruited her and LF didn't want a spy on his staff.Because I have read the books I was confused (about #3, #4 and #5) because the events on screen did not comport with my memory of the book's events. I didn't recognize the sigil on the boat, and since I believe we are hearing Littlefinger's voice just as (or right before) we see Sansa crying and the ship sailing (I do agree it does obviously seem to be leaving) it was not "obvious" to me that it meant that Littlefinger was on it and abandoning Sansa. Especially since that would be such a major change from the books. ("Wait, doesn't Sansa go with him to the Vale in the books? Wha....?")  My unspoiled husband said "Whose boat is that? Is she crying just because she has to marry Tyrion? Or is Loras being shipped away to High Garden"? And I said, "I think that's probably Littlefinger's boat leaving, but I'm really not sure."This uncertainty about how much, exactly, B&B will follow the text of the books increases my interest in the show as a reader of the books. I am now not sure what will happen in the case of the Cersei-Loras marriage.Hopefully the RW and PW will still occur on cue and we'll find out whether Lord Tywin "shits bricks of gold" or not.It's a very tough dilemma for B&B in adapting the books that have such a devoted following. If they stray too much from the books they get yelled at, but if they didn't stray from the books it would be almost impossible to adapt for less than a prohibitive cost. I have only read the books once (I'm actually thinking of re-reading ASoS on vacation before the Season ends because I don't have the events as fresh in my mind as I would have thought) but I am very pleased how B&B are treating the characters and sticking (roughly) to the story from the books. If it was a completely faithful adaptation (say like LoTR) I think it would be pretty boring television show.
					
					
							Edited by madprofessah, 06 May 2013 - 10:33 PM.
1029	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-06	I'm wondering if the cast ate the rabbits they were skinning and cooking.
1030	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	One little thing I did like in this episode is that both future kingslayers refused more drink when offered.
1031	Robin Of House Hill	2013-05-06	Sir Robin. I can't stop looking at your Avatar. I want to pet it.  WHAT is it from?Dark Crystal
1032	Ampris	2013-05-06	Because I have read the books I was confused (about #3, #4 and #5) because the events on screen did not comport with my memory of the book's events. I didn't recognize the sigil on the boat, and since I believe we are hearing Littlefinger's voice just as (or right before) we see Sansa crying and the ship sailing (I do agree it does obviously seem to be leaving) it was not "obvious" to me that it meant that Littlefinger was on it and abandoning Sansa. Especially since that would be such a major change from the books. ("Wait, doesn't Sansa go with him to the Vale in the books? Wha....?")  My unspoiled husband said "Whose boat is that? Is she crying just because she has to marry Tyrion? Or is Loras being shipped away to High Garden"? And I said, "I think that's probably Littlefinger's boat leaving, but I'm really not sure."This uncertainty about how much, exactly, B&B will follow the text of the books increases my interest in the show as a reader of the books. I am now not sure what will happen in the case of the Cersei-Loras marriage.Hopefully the RW and PW will still occur on cue and we'll find out whether Lord Tywin "shits bricks of gold" or not.It's a very tough dilemma for B&B in adapting the books that have such a devoted following. If they stray too much from the books they get yelled at, but if they didn't stray from the books it would be almost impossible to adapt for less than a prohibitive cost. I have only read the books once (I'm actually thinking of re-reading ASoS on vacation before the Season ends because I don't have the events as fresh in my mind as I would have thought) but I am very pleased how B&B are treating the characters and sticking (roughly) to the story from the books. If it was a completely faithful adaptation (say like LoTR) I think it would be pretty boring television show.Someone further back in the thread said that LF had everyone believing he left KL long before he actually did, which is why he was able to smuggle out Sansa. I cannot remember if this is true or not, but if it is, then my guess is that the sailing ship with the mockingbird sail is meant to convince KL that LF left for the Eyrie.
1033	anya1	2013-05-06	I really wish they would cut down on the torture scenes and make them less explicit. If it is important to convey how evil Ramsay is, why can't it be done indirectly. For example, we were shown how Joffrey killed Ros and can infer things about his character without seeing the actual process of him putting all those arrows in her.
We could be shown a Theon with broken teeth/missing body parts, and infer from that the character of Ramsay. If they really need to show a torture scene, why not just show ONE and stop at that? From the episode 7 preview I am guessing they will be castrating Theon in the next episode, I really wish that was not in the episode.
Are they doing it for story development or to shock viewers? Is it healthy for people to watch this kind of thing?
					
					
							Edited by anya1, 06 May 2013 - 11:28 PM.
1034	Newstar	2013-05-06	I guess my problem with Theon is that short of some non-book storyline, he doesn't really have much to do between now and Season 5 except be tortured. So what are they going to do? Have Ramsay take a digit or a toe off every two episodes?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 11:27 PM.
1035	All_Men_Must_Poop	2013-05-06	Sorry if this was already mentioned, but one of the minor things I enjoyed was Anguy telling Arya to "trust your eye." It reflects Syrio's gospel of always following the eye and what you see.  Sure enough, right after Anguy says that, Arya is the first of the camp to "eye" that intruders are coming.
1036	Mormont's Ghost	2013-05-07	I guess my problem with Theon is that short of some non-book storyline, he doesn't really have much to do between now and Season 5 except be tortured. So what are they going to do? Have Ramsay take a digit or a toe off every two episodes?I think there will be more scenes involving psychological warfare than actual torture in the end.  If they do it right, they could really show his degradation from Theon to Reek and how twisted his mind becomes where he essentially becomes Ramsey's pet.  There will definitely be some non book scenes in order to accomplish that, but I think it could pay dividends in the end.
1037	lostinasia	2013-05-07	I'm wondering if the cast ate the rabbits they were skinning and cooking.And did they have a line in the credits saying that "No animals were harmed during the filming"?The ship at the end was confusing. It wasn't clear if it was going anywhere, and if it was, why was it leaving when Littlefinger was still monologuing in the throne room?As for the book: correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't he leave for the Aeyrie, and then come back secretly to get Sansa at the Purple Wedding? Or is he just hiding nearby the whole time? I thought we were getting a scene with Lysa and Robyn this season, so I had the impression he'd be going to the Aeyrie and then coming back.Littlefinger's magic teleportation power probably makes him the leading candidate to win the game of thrones. He got from Renly's camp to Harrenhal and back to King's Landing in how many episodes? And how many episodes is it going to take Brienne and Jamie to get from Harrenhal to King's Landing?
1038	lostinasia	2013-05-07	I guess my problem with Theon is that short of some non-book storyline, he doesn't really have much to do between now and Season 5 except be tortured. So what are they going to do? Have Ramsay take a digit or a toe off every two episodes?Perhaps his betrayal of the Ironborn at Moat Cailin could be moved up, as could the Boltons' consolidation of their hold on the north - but of course I'm probably forgetting some plot point that hinges upon whatever is happening further south.
1039	Minsc	2013-05-07	We could be shown a Theon with broken teeth/missing body parts, and infer from that the character of Ramsay. If they really need to show a torture scene, why not just show ONE and stop at that? From the episode 7 preview I am guessing they will be castrating Theon in the next episode, I really wish that was not in the episode.I really hope they don't show or directly imply that as it is already hard enough to watch when it is just his fingers and I don't think I can stomach someone's cock being flayed/cut off.
1040	danm_999	2013-05-07	And did they have a line in the credits saying that "No animals were harmed during the filming"?The ship at the end was confusing. It wasn't clear if it was going anywhere, and if it was, why was it leaving when Littlefinger was still monologuing in the throne room?Because it ceased being a scene between Littlefinger and Varys, and started being a voiceover where Littlefinger was narrative the theme of chaos and the climb. The voiceover and Littlefinger sailing away weren't happening at the same time.
1041	Newstar	2013-05-07	As apt a slogan for the series as "If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention" is, there was an even better one in this episode, I think: "We're all being shipped off to Hell together." Indeed.
1042	Sun	2013-05-07	I guess my problem with Theon is that short of some non-book storyline, he doesn't really have much to do between now and Season 5 except be tortured. So what are they going to do? Have Ramsay take a digit or a toe off every two episodes?They'll be moving up some of his ADWD chapters to S4. For example, fake Arya arriving in the north, will likely be S4, so will Theon's Deepwood Mott scene.
1043	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	I loved this episode.  It was full of really neat callbacks to eariler scenes in the show and to the books, and they did a nice job of playing with book readers' expectations (not just in this episode but throughout the season, certain things just became more apparent).  Very well done.
I love Jon and Ygritte's story being played for high romance, instead of Ygritte as an inconvenience.  The "don't betray me/I won't" stuff, and the discussion of loyalty was great.  It actually creates plausible uncertainty whether or not Jon will return to the Night's Watch, whereas in the books you pretty much know he's going to go back.  I thought the final scene of them on top of the wall was elegant and the final shot was beautiful and sweepingly romantic.
Littlefinger was AWESOME in this episode.  His speech juxtaposed with the events happening elsewhere about "the climb" was fantastic.
Sad to see Ros go (and everyone exulting in her death is a sick fucker), but her death was very effective in that it was unexpected and shocking.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 07 May 2013 - 02:24 AM.
1044	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-07	I really hope they don't show or directly imply that as it is already hard enough to watch when it is just his fingers and I don't think I can stomach someone's cock being flayed/cut off.could they even show a castration?  the only time i've ever seen a castration on tv it was shown sort of off screen and the guy was just shown afterward crumpled on the ground.
1045	MorbidRabbit	2013-05-07	I liked this episode, but not as much as the others. This is a building episode, we need to wait for the really good scenes.
I have no problem with the Theon scenes. They cut Ramsay from season 2, now they do what is needed to introduce him properly. The torture scenes replace the stories of his awful deeds that are told in ACoK : making Lady Hornwood (not sure about the name) eat her own fingers, for example.
The main question I have now is : are Thormund, Orell and Ygritte (and Jon...) supposed to attack and take Castle Black without any wildling reinforcement ???
Thormund trying this would be great.
					
					
							Edited by MorbidRabbit, 07 May 2013 - 05:21 AM.
1046	blkrb0t	2013-05-07	A very funny episode, especially the torture scene.
1047	mitsukaikira	2013-05-07	At some point the torture porn has to stop.At some point people need to stop using this stupid term.
1048	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-05-07	I am really suprised at the amount of people who don't understand time frames. This show isn't 24, all of the events are not shown in real time. Varys and LF in the throne room wasn't neccessarily the same time Joffery walked away from Ros or when Sansa saw the ship sailing away. Also, the bow is the front, if you don't see it, then it's sailing away, also, the giant mockingbird sail should have been a huge clue as to who the boat belonged to. It's not like LF and Sansa talked about that very same boat, oh wait, yes they did!
Now, I am not sure though if LF is on the boat. He may be, but again he may be hiding out in a whore house plotting the PW.
1049	Imp Beyond the Wall	2013-05-07	Whatever LF is currently up to, we can pretty much count on 1) Sansa DOES marry Tyrion and 2) she does not escape KL until AFTER Joff's wedding.  Right?  So LF's planning to get Sansa to the Vale is still in effect.
1050	rmholt	2013-05-07	It was not live or onscreen in the books though.Well to me if it didnt happen in the books it isnt in the books. This happened in the books and the descriptions certainly match the TV depiction.
1051	rmholt	2013-05-07	I really wish they would cut down on the torture scenes and make them less explicit. If it is important to convey how evil Ramsay is, why can't it be done indirectly. For example, we were shown how Joffrey killed Ros and can infer things about his character without seeing the actual process of him putting all those arrows in her.We could be shown a Theon with broken teeth/missing body parts, and infer from that the character of Ramsay. If they really need to show a torture scene, why not just show ONE and stop at that? From the episode 7 preview I am guessing they will be castrating Theon in the next episode, I really wish that was not in the episode.Are they doing it for story development or to shock viewers? Is it healthy for people to watch this kind of thing?I have seen more protests of the Theon torture scenes than Ros and other prostitute torture scenes including a baby killed in its mother's arms. In fact I have seen more complaints about those than the Ros death scene - many comments, many saying wow what a surprise but not at the creep factor.  Little closer to home, boys?
1052	Akal Colzet	2013-05-07	I'm a guy and they don't bother me at all.
1053	House Lothston	2013-05-07	What did you guys think of the Freys? Well... I know what you all think of them /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> But I mean their portrayal? Lothar seems to be alright, but I always imagined Black Walder more... villainy and badass. Of course that might be because of the silly cap he was wearing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Anyways, I really loved the whole episode. Quite a few interesting things happened. I enjoyed the Cersei-Tyrion scene most... and Littlefingers speech sent a shiver through my spine...
1054	Rabel Dusk	2013-05-07	I enjoy the Jaime/Brienne show even more than the Tyrion/Bronn show.  They don't even need to talk much - just looking at each other, something happens that goes out to the audience.
1055	-Ghost-	2013-05-07	Not a change really is it?  Theon's POV describe what happened to him and it seems pretty much in line with the show actionI would say so. Instead of waiting 2 more seasons to have Theon remember what happened we get it now. The same stuff that Theon remembers happening from the book is still going to, I imagine, but now we get to actually see it and see Ramsay and Theon interacting together.
1056	Meddler	2013-05-07	I guess my problem with Theon is that short of some non-book storyline, he doesn't really have much to do between now and Season 5 except be tortured. So what are they going to do? Have Ramsay take a digit or a toe off every two episodes?I've been wondering if they'll do the sequence where he tries to escape with Kyra. It would feel a bit redundant to his initial escape attempt with Ramsay, but they do seem to be hinting that they're going to keep the love-of-the-hunt aspect of Ramsay intact, so I have a feeling we'll see another escape attempt thwarted.Otherwise I do think it's mostly going to be Theon getting broken and transformed into Reek. Not necessarily just tortured, but broken, to the point where he's viewing himself as "Ramsay's creature". I do imagine some of the ADwD stuff will get moved up to season 4, possibly the Moat Cailin stuff, but it may be more just some of the details, like why Reek starts rhyming is name with everything and earning a bit of Ramsay's trust and getting to sleep with the dogs and eat meat. It doesn't actually cover THAT many pages in the books, but there's really a lot that the show can cover between Moat Cailin (which may not actually be Moat Cailin, we'll see), Barrowtown, and the Winterfell wedding--even expanded on. They could show Roose conspiring with the Karstarks, some of the story with Alys Karstark and her escape (maybe they could even have Ramsay try to hunt her with or instead of Cregan, fail, and go on a tirade), all the murders at Winterfell, etc. A lot of the specific details of the dynamic between Ramsay and Theon will likely be moved up into semi-invented stories, since those are things we don't see in the books until much later, and that would also clear room for more heavy plot lifting with this arc during seasons 5 and 6. I also wonder if they're going to even include the Maderly/Glover subversion. There's no Wex, so no one knows Bran and Rickon are alive besides Theon and Ramsay at this point. Maybe they'll blend Wex in with the Liddle at some point this season and have the Liddle serve that purpose later for Maderly and Glover.
1057	Kaitscralt	2013-05-07	Larry Williams, a non-reader who reviews the episodes on Otaku Assemble had to say about Theon this week that he doesn't understand why Theon is in the season if nothing is happening to him except him being tortured.
It's sort of funny that he picked up on that, because Theon isn't in the third book, and these scenes technically don't need to be happening.
1058	Zman1863	2013-05-07	I have seen more protests of the Theon torture scenes than Ros and other prostitute torture scenes including a baby killed in its mother's arms. In fact I have seen more complaints about those than the Ros death scene - many comments, many saying wow what a surprise but not at the creep factor.  Little closer to home, boys?For my part, and I think for most I've seen, the objection to the Theon scene is not its graphic content, but the fact that it was unnecessary to advance the plot at all. It takes away time from other stories that could have been given more depth. I think we'd be pretty strange indeed if the depiction of the torture of an adult man bothered us more on a sympathetic level than a depiction of the killing of a child.
1059	oakenhelm	2013-05-07	I have seen more protests of the Theon torture scenes than Ros and other prostitute torture scenes including a baby killed in its mother's arms. In fact I have seen more complaints about those than the Ros death scene - many comments, many saying wow what a surprise but not at the creep factor.  Little closer to home, boys?I can't comment for everything and everyone, only myself. Part of the reason you are seeing this about Theon is that there is a contingent of posters that are enjoying those scenes. It makes the opposition more vocal, imo. I don't recall much cheering for the other scenes.Another thing for me at least is the screen time. The Ros death scene was what 5 seconds maybe? There would be outrage if they actually showed Joff shooting her. Theon and Ramsay was a pretty lengthy scene of mental and physical torture.
1060	Zorpack	2013-05-07	I thought LF was suggesting he had given Ros to Qyburn for experiments, actually.ME TOO!! That's immediately what I thought, however I think they are just mixing themes. They probably think necro-experimentation is too.....taboo. Though I cant understand how True Blood can get away with some of what it does....As a whole, I love the show Game of Thrones, but if they DID want to portray more along the books, I think they should have made the entire theme more dark, chilling and sinister. There were some parts that churned my stomach and gave me chills and some parts that were not even necessarily scary but so dark and cold and telling that I got goosebumps and strange feelings.
1061	oakenhelm	2013-05-07	ME TOO!! That's immediately what I thought, however I think they are just mixing themes. They probably think necro-experimentation is too.....taboo. Though I cant understand how True Blood can get away with some of what it does....As a whole, I love the show Game of Thrones, but if they DID want to portray more along the books, I think they should have made the entire theme more dark, chilling and sinister. There were some parts that churned my stomach and gave me chills and some parts that were not even necessarily scary but so dark and cold and telling that I got goosebumps and strange feelings.I see True Blood as a comedy...at least that's the only way I can enjoy it lol
1062	rmholt	2013-05-07	For my part, and I think for most I've seen, the objection to the Theon scene is not its graphic content, but the fact that it was unnecessary to advance the plot at all. It takes away time from other stories that could have been given more depth. I think we'd be pretty strange indeed if the depiction of the torture of an adult man bothered us more on a sympathetic level than a depiction of the killing of a child.Oh. well I certainly disagree with that.  I think it is really critical. But that's JMHO
1063	rmholt	2013-05-07	I can't comment for everything and everyone, only myself. Part of the reason you are seeing this about Theon is that there is a contingent of posters that are enjoying those scenes. It makes the opposition more vocal, imo. I don't recall much cheering for the other scenes.Another thing for me at least is the screen time. The Ros death scene was what 5 seconds maybe? There would be outrage if they actually showed Joff shooting her. Theon and Ramsay was a pretty lengthy scene of mental and physical torture.Perhaps.  I enjoy them in an icky kind of way.  My little finger (so to speak) still hurts from watching that.  Also the suspense.  Also the fact that the actor had not read ahead when he took the part.
1064	Brewmaster	2013-05-07	I've been wondering if they'll do the sequence where he tries to escape with Kyra. It would feel a bit redundant to his initial escape attempt with Ramsay, but they do seem to be hinting that they're going to keep the love-of-the-hunt aspect of Ramsay intact, so I have a feeling we'll see another escape attempt thwarted. I don't know if Theon will get (m)any more escape attempts, but I do think they will hunt the Stark kids, resulting in Bran & Rickon splitting up in different directions.
1065	Brewmaster	2013-05-07	For my part, and I think for most I've seen, the objection to the Theon scene is not its graphic content, but the fact that it was unnecessary to advance the plot at all.Yeah, but that's not true. It doesn't advance the immediate plot, but it's absolutely necessary in terms of the longer plot. There is a reason that GRRM spent so much of ADWD with Theon flashbacks. Theon spends more time in his head, remembering his torture at the hands of Ramsay, than he does thinking about the present.GRRM wouldnt have (and didn't) brought Theon back as a completely broken character 3 books after his capture, without being able to show that transformation happen. It's critical for the development of both Theon and Ramsay
1066	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	Nice to see that Ran's review includes a reference (though not by name) to his magnificent "Grand Unified Conspiracy Theory", the "GUCT" that served as endless fodder for discussion in the very early days of this Board's history.
Ran's right about the Brotherhood without Banners.  I had no problem with combining the Edric/Gendry storylines, but the BwB essentially selling Gendry really mucks up their code and purpose for existing.  Blech.
One of the major threads of criticism of the show is the loss of subtlety from the novels, and I can't quite figure out if that is necessary evil or not.  There are so many small hints, references, etc.. in the books that are pieced together to form theories, and I don't think it is possible to replicate them in the show.  So, you get a rather ham-handed exposition of Littlefinger, though it is essentially limited to his interactions with Varys.   It's certainly annoying for those of us who already knew all this, but I really wonder if viewers would be able to pick up on it given the much more limited text/exposition inherent in the show as compared to the books.  Is it better to be more obvious, or for some viewers to miss out on the importance of the character because they missed the subtleties?  I think it is something of a tightrope for writers to walk, and it seems like they've decided to err on the side of obviousness rather than viewer confusion.  I personally can accept that, but I also can see why some others can't.
Regardless of the ham-handedness, I'm thinking that the Ros scene was perhaps the best in that episode, because it manages to shock readers in a way many of us likely haven't been shocked since reading the books.  I watched with a couple of readers, and we all sort of simultaneously gasped.   That is rare in most adaptations when you're familiar to the books.
I also think it touched on some great themes, and hammered them home in a great stylistic counterpoint to the witty banter of Tywin/QoT, Roose/Jaime, Tyrion/Cersei, etc..  We get that clever dialogue, and then the visceral, visual shock of pure brutality kind of rams home the iron vist inside the velvet glove of all those pretty words.  The scene clarified Joffrey's character so that people did not come to think that he was becoming "a nice guy" under Margaery's influence, it points out what a bastard LF really is, that Varys cares about the realm and people as a whole but not as individuals, that the lives of the smallfolk don't matter in the game", and overall, as a reminder as to how brutal life in Westeros can be.  In that sense, it is a perfect set-up for the RW and especially the PW.  And all in one short scene.
I suppose it also goes back to the point about subtlety.  The books had more sort of vignettes about Joffrey's cruelty, with shooting peasants, torturing animals, etc..  But you just can't put all that stuff in the show for each character without episodes becoming more a recitation of facts rather than a story.  So, they give you Joffrey killing Ros, and the same point is made in a much shorter piece of narrative.  Something is lost, but ultimately, I'm not sure they have much of a choice.
1067	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	DP
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 May 2013 - 01:10 PM.
1068	Vhailorian	2013-05-07	They'll still probably bitch because "SHE DIDN'T DIE IN THE BOOKS".Roflmao...One of the best posts I have ever read.../smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1069	Zorpack	2013-05-07	I see True Blood as a comedy...at least that's the only way I can enjoy it lolI completely agree. It was written as a comedy! But as far as the vampire f***ing and the f***ing with blood all over and f***ing while near fatally biting each other and explosions of guts and gore all over people......I don't see why Game of Thrones couldn't be made a bit more gory and taboo like in the books (more brutal torture of Theon, or the "dark" experiments of the twister Maester)....I loved how GRRM wrote things that are acceptable in our world as cryptic (Loras and Renly as lovers) and things completely unacceptable in our world as more forward (brother and sisters, and I know it frowned upon in the realm but it doesn't stop the descriptive Jamie/Cersei encounters and not to mention the sexual abuse of women by Victarion Greyjoy, amongst many additional male characters.) haha that was the point I was trying to make I guess ha
					
					
							Edited by Zorpack, 07 May 2013 - 02:27 PM.
1070	Zorpack	2013-05-07	One of the major threads of criticism of the show is the loss of subtlety from the novels, and I can't quite figure out if that is necessary evil or not.  There are so many small hints, references, etc.. in the books that are pieced together to form theories, and I don't think it is possible to replicate them in the show. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  so very much
1071	Roboginger	2013-05-07	This is completely wrong. They can show the broken shell of a man Theon becomes and let the audience's imagination get to work.  They don't need to show it. This cut to 5 minutes of Theon torture every episode is neither interesting or compelling.I find it interesting  and compelling, better then watching a giant stereotype that is Loras or Sansa acting like a idiot.
							Edited by Roboginger, 07 May 2013 - 01:22 PM.
1072	timstanton	2013-05-07	they really need to figure out something with brans storyline. i know his chapters in the books were so few and far between that it must be hard, but only having a few minutes of basically the same scene over and over is making my non-readers not care at all. we get it, they are wargs/greenseers etc. i just think it is going to be difficult giving it so little screen time when it is the most fantasy based story, a lot of non readers initially praised the show for its lack of non-fantasy elements. now im just rambling.
1073	Zman1863	2013-05-07	Yeah, but that's not true. It doesn't advance the immediate plot, but it's absolutely necessary in terms of the longer plot. There is a reason that GRRM spent so much of ADWD with Theon flashbacks. Theon spends more time in his head, remembering his torture at the hands of Ramsay, than he does thinking about the present.GRRM wouldnt have (and didn't) brought Theon back as a completely broken character 3 books after his capture, without being able to show that transformation happen. It's critical for the development of both Theon and RamsaySure it's important for their development but they have already conveyed all that is necessary. We knew from the fact that Theon has been brought back to the same room that he's currently being tortured again by this unknown nutjob. All we got from this scene was a process of elimination hint as to Ramsay's identity, a hint which most TV viewers would not be able to parse out anyway.
1074	Vhailorian	2013-05-07	Also, am I the only one who has complete confidence that Davos will save Gendry?	 Nope...I think once Gendry gets to Dragonstone everything is going to play out largely as it did for Edric. After Gendry is shipped off some clever (or not so clever) means will be found to get him back to where he needs to be.
1075	TheBearABear	2013-05-07	I'm a lurker, but I had to offer this for the people wondering about Loras/Kingsguard:
In the Garden conversation with Sansa, Sansa talks about how dangerous King's Landing is. Loras reflects on this a moment, thinking of the only person he loves as much as he loved Renly - his sister, the Queen-to-be.   The Tyrells already know that Joff is a monster, but news of what he did to Ros will soon trickle out, and Loras will fear for his sister's like even more. 
I think he will pledge himself directly to Joffrey and offer to serve on his Kingsguard.  Tywin will of course not want this, but Joff will go against Tywin, probably because of the influence of Margaery (or Cersei, but it seems she holds no sway over her son).
1076	Essan	2013-05-07	I don't see a thread specifically about this, and apologies if it's already been discussed, but what do people make of Mel's comment to Ayra that they'll meet again?  Where and when?   In the books obviously they've never met and as it stands don't look like doing so.   Is this perhaps a hint that Arya will be sent to assassinate Mel (given speculation she will be sent to take out someone in the 'Game')?
Within the context of the TV series it would make sense since I can see Mel now being added to Arya's night-time list.   Of course, the counter is that having met her, she now 'knows' Mel so might not be a viable assassin.   Either way, it seems to me a possible foreshadowing of developments in later books?
1077	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	I think he will pledge himself directly to Joffrey and offer to serve on his Kingsguard.  Tywin will of course not want this, but Joff will go against Tywin, probably because of the influence of Margaery (or Cersei, but it seems she holds no sway over her son).Why would Tywin oppose that?  Doesn't he want Loras to join the Kingsguard?
1078	Vhailorian	2013-05-07	I still think that Tyrion's whitewashing is much more severe and I will be extremely surprised if he kills Shae.	 I agree, but to a certain degree I think all of the characters are suffering from such alterations. Some are being whitewashed and some are being darkened. The characters are diminished by this and made considerably less...challenging. I truly enjoy the show...for what it is. Unfortunately, the lack of nuance and subtlety in the show's character development does not allow viewers the freedom to interpret the characters. As troubling as the "re-imagining" of major characters can be, I find the problems particularly prevalent with the characters for whom we have no PoV in the books. I feel we are forced to swallow the show writers' interpretation of these characters, where in the books we have a great deal of freedom to view the characters in a myriad of ways.	 The overt absolution of Cersei for the Bastard Hunt and the attempt on Tyrion's life serves to coddle the audience by providing easy answers without having to engage their minds. When left ambiguous, as in the books, the viewer is given freedom to speculate about who took the actions and what the motives may have been. This provides each reader with a sliding scale of morality and righteousness and leads to wildly differing opinions on who and what the characters are...to which anyone who frequents these boards can attest. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	 As much as I enjoy the show...and I do...I barely recognize these characters in their altered and simplified forms. Heh...Guess I will just have to start a reread as a pallet cleanser. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1079	Brewmaster	2013-05-07	Sure it's important for their development but they have already conveyed all that is necessary. We knew from the fact that Theon has been brought back to the same room that he's currently being tortured again by this unknown nutjob. All we got from this scene was a process of elimination hint as to Ramsay's identity, a hint which most TV viewers would not be able to parse out anyway.We need each step of Theon's transformation. This epside showed that Theon's pinky is flayed (it will later be sent to Asha and/or Robb). It also set up that Ramsay plans to go on a hunt for Brack & Rickon.
1080	Essan	2013-05-07	It also set up that Ramsay plans to go on a hunt for Brack & Rickon.Which in turn may provide the reason for Osha and Rickon splitting from the rest?   Makes sense.
1081	Oakenfist	2013-05-07	So does Loras have brothers in the show? I thought Willas was mentioned by Olenna in one of the first episodes, but in their convo last episode Tywin mentions that Loras is the heir to highgarden but if he's made KG, that would make Marge heir.
So why cut out the other brothers and make the Tyrells so close to extinction?
1082	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-07	Am I the only one who laughed when Arya said "tits"?
1083	Ran	2013-05-07	Loras has no siblings on the show. Willas has never been mentioned, nor Garlan.
1084	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	So does Loras have brothers in the show? I thought Willas was mentioned by Olenna in one of the first episodes, but in their convo last episode Tywin mentions that Loras is the heir to highgarden but if he's made KG, that would make Marge heir.So why cut out the other brothers and make the Tyrells so close to extinction?It's either foreshadowing of the end of the series and that all but one of the Tyrell brothers dies that D&D have knowledge of, or pure stupidity, take your pick, I guess.
1085	Lady Lion	2013-05-07	Why do so many people have issues with the Theon torture stuff? Definitely much worse in the books, though maybe not for Theon is discussed. Weak stomachs!
1086	Oakenfist	2013-05-07	It's either foreshadowing of the end of the series and that all but one of the Tyrell brothers dies that D&D have knowledge of, or pure stupidity, take your pick, I guess.Well I'm sure that one of the Tyrell brothers will die which is why GRRM made sure there were 3 of them so one of them dying doesn't result in the end of the Tyrells. I'm going with pure stupidity for this one.
1087	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Well I'm sure that one of the Tyrell brothers will die which is why GRRM made sure there were 3 of them so one of them dying doesn't result in the end of the Tyrells. I'm going with pure stupidity for this one.That's my vote as well, but then I have a negative view of this season, I'm not seeing what others see, because Season 3 seems much more disjointed and flakey than Season 2 did, I've rewatched Season 2 episodes, some multiple times and I can barely stand to rewatch any episode of this season without hitting fast forward through at least a third of it.
1088	Minsc	2013-05-07	We need each step of Theon's transformation. This epside showed that Theon's pinky is flayed (it will later be sent to Asha and/or Robb). It also set up that Ramsay plans to go on a hunt for Brack & Rickon.No we don't, they should maybe show him getting one finger flayed(already achieved), and then later cut to another scene where he is missing other fingers and toes viewers should be able to understand what happened to the rest.  Or at most show losing another finger during that later cut.But, I honestly don't want to see every step of the transformation especially some aspects of it.
1089	Vhailorian	2013-05-07	The other thing some people seem to be missing is that we do get these Theon/Ramsay scenes in the books. The show is being told chronologically, while the books were not. Most of the Theon/Reek chapters in ADWD were Theon reliving the torture that was taking place (chronologically) at this time. That doesn't work for a TV show. We don't have internal monologues, and 2 years from now they aren't going to spend all of Theon's screen time in his head. But in Theon's chapters he spent more time focusing on the terrible things that Ramsay did to him in the past, than he spent focusing on what was happening around him in real time.These Theon scenes are basically "book scenes". Just book scenes from ADWD that were only told after the fact. And as such, they are absolutely neccessary to tell the story. 1 or 2 scenes doesn't cut it. It wouldn't make Ramsay the monster that he becomes. Ramsay (for most book readers) far and away has surpassed Joffrey as most hated villian of the series by the end of ADWD. And he gets to that point mostly by Theon's "flashbacks" on the torture was enduring at this time in the story. You have to show it...have to, if you want Ramsay to be the big bastard that he is in a couple years. You can't just show a broken Theon and have him cry "Ramsay did it to me"	 This...exactly. I couldn't say it better if I tried...which I planned on doing when I got to the end of this thread.  Thanks for saving me a lengthy post. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1090	BigBoss	2013-05-07	they really need to figure out something with brans storyline. i know his chapters in the books were so few and far between that it must be hard, but only having a few minutes of basically the same scene over and over is making my non-readers not care at all. we get it, they are wargs/greenseers etc. i just think it is going to be difficult giving it so little screen time when it is the most fantasy based story, a lot of non readers initially praised the show for its lack of non-fantasy elements. now im just rambling.I completely agree. It seems like Bran's party hasn't moved since this season started. They should cut Theon's screen time and give it to Bran in order to progress his story.
1091	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I completely agree. It seems like Bran's party hasn't moved since this season started. They should cut Theon's screen time and give it to Bran in order to progress his story.Not much happens in his story until he gets to the children, but my idea would be that they could use his dreams to tell parts of the history, like tower of joy, lyanna stark stuff and/or prophecy/foreshadowing...it would keep to the three eyed crow vibe and give the segments some meaning.  They also blew it when they didn't have the Reeds to the fire and ice loyalty oath, that could have been great TV, but, instead, nada.
1092	timstanton	2013-05-07	Not much happens in his story until he gets to the children, but my idea would be that they could use his dreams to tell parts of the history, like tower of joy, lyanna stark stuff and/or prophecy/foreshadowing...it would keep to the three eyed crow vibe and give the segments some meaning.  They also blew it when they didn't have the Reeds to the fire and ice loyalty oath, that could have been great TV, but, instead, nada.thats a great idea, doubt it would ever happen just for the fact of casting all those (new) dead characters...good idea though, they could do a lot of explanation pieces through his dreams. dont have to be so cryptic.
1093	BigBoss	2013-05-07	Not much happens in his story until he gets to the children, but my idea would be that they could use his dreams to tell parts of the history, like tower of joy, lyanna stark stuff and/or prophecy/foreshadowing...it would keep to the three eyed crow vibe and give the segments some meaning.  They also blew it when they didn't have the Reeds to the fire and ice loyalty oath, that could have been great TV, but, instead, nada.Agreed, I just felt that in the books Bran's chapters is where the readers learned more about warging through his interactions with Jojen and how Bran was starting to lose himself within Summer which I personally thought was interesting. Anyone else wondering what they are going to do with Rickon and Osha?
1094	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	Why do so many people have issues with the Theon torture stuff? Definitely much worse in the books, though maybe not for Theon is discussed. Weak stomachs!I thought it was actually much less graphic than I imagined it from how Theon remembers it in the books.There's very little actual physical torture.  Most of what's going on in these scenes is Ramsay mindfucking Theon, and the performances are awesome.  I think that is what people are enjoying (myself included), not the physical torture as someone suggested earlier.And it's certainly not "torture porn."  The Hostel movies are torture porn, there is a HUGE difference.I also find that there's an interesting dichotomy here on the forums where people complain that characters are being made out to be less perfect than they are in the books ("character assassination"), and then also complaining that certain characters are being made more sympathetic ("whitewashing").  It seems like posters here want all the characters to fall on one end or the other of the moral spectrum.
1095	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I thought it was actually much less graphic than I imagined it from how Theon remembers it in the books.There's very little actual physical torture.  Most of what's going on in these scenes is Ramsay mindfucking Theon, and the performances are awesome.  I think that is what people are enjoying (myself included), not the physical torture as someone suggested earlier.And it's certainly not "torture porn."  The Hostel movies are torture porn, there is a HUGE difference.I also find that there's an interesting dichotomy here on the forums where people complain that characters are being made out to be less perfect than they are in the books ("character assassination"), and then also complaining that certain characters are being made more sympathetic ("whitewashing").  It seems like posters here want all the characters to fall on one end or the other of the moral spectrum.I don't see the problem w/the torture either, after all of the violence so far in GOT and he gets his finger skinned...what is the big deal?As far as characters, I think people want them to be consistent with the books, not better, not worse, not dumber or smarter, not doing things that seem to be at odds with their character from the books.
1096	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	As far as characters, I think people want them to be consistent with the books, not better, not worse, not dumber or smarter, not doing things that seem to be at odds with their character from the books.Yeah but here's the thing, I don't remember Tyrion being unlikeable at this point in the novels.  If I remember my experience of reading the books (twice), at this point he was a "good guy" who hadn't really done anything despicable yet, and he didn't really start to become the way people say he ought to be until A Dance with Dragons.
1097	Minsc	2013-05-07	I also find that there's an interesting dichotomy here on the forums where people complain that characters are being made out to be less perfect than they are in the books ("character assassination"), and then also complaining that certain characters are being made more sympathetic ("whitewashing").  It seems like posters here want all the characters to fall on one end or the other of the moral spectrum.Character Assassination is when they diminish a character's positive traits for no reason(Blackfish being a thug, Loras being a gay stereotype), while whitewashing is when they erase a character's complexity or darkness for no reason (Cersei and Tyrion).It would be equally character assassination if they had Cersei not care for her children or if they added scenes of Tyrion sexually molesting Sansa for fun, equally it would be whitewashing if they didn't have Loras convince Renly to name himself king.This doesn't mean they cannot make darker characters more sympathetic (Theon, Tywin, and Viserys) but this should come at the expense of deleting their dark activities.  Aka Theon still needs to turn against Robb, Jaime needs to push Bran, Tywin needs to be a monster to Tyrion, and Viserys needs to be abusive to Dany only now we have better insight into why they doing such terrible acts.
1098	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	Character Assassination is when they diminish a character's positive traits for no reason(Blackfish being a thug, Loras being a gay stereotype), while whitewashing is when they erase a character's complexity or darkness for no reason (Cersei and Tyrion).It would be equally character assassination if they had Cersei not care for her children or if they added scenes of Tyrion sexually molesting Sansa for fun, equally it would be whitewashing if they didn't have Loras convince Renly to name himself king.This doesn't mean they cannot make darker characters more sympathetic (Theon, Tywin, and Viserys) but this should come at the expense of deleting their dark activities.  Aka Theon still needs to turn against Robb, Jaime needs to push Bran, Tywin needs to be a monster to Tyrion, and Viserys needs to be abusive to Dany only now we have better insight into why they doing such terrible acts.	character assassination  NounThe malicious and unjustified harming of a person's good reputation."That word you keep using, I don't think it means what you think it means."Also just because Blackfish isn't very nice to Edmure doesn't make him a thug, and Loras isn't a gay stereotype even though people here love to claim he is.
1099	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Yeah but here's the thing, I don't remember Tyrion being unlikeable at this point in the novels.  If I remember my experience of reading the books (twice), at this point he was a "good guy" who hadn't really done anything despicable yet, and he didn't really start to become the way people say he ought to be until A Dance with Dragons.Me, personally, I started to turn on him when he began to feel sorry for himself because Sansa wasn't attracted to him and then murdered his father and Shae, so it was before Dance but yes, at this point in the story I agree he was still likeable, even though of course lots of people continue to like him even at the end of Dance despite his numerous questionable activities.But, its stuff like making Robb marry 'because I want to' instead of 'because honor demanded it' or changing the rationale for Cat freeing Jamie to before she thinks Bran and RIckon are dead, making it REALLY stupid and REALLY treasonous, or as others have said, attributing Cersei's murders to Joff in the show.
1100	Minsc	2013-05-07	Also just because Blackfish isn't very nice to Edmure doesn't make him a thug, and Loras isn't a gay stereotype even though people here love to claim he is.The only thing Blackfish has done in the series is basically threaten and verbally abuse Edmure.
1101	Ser Steven	2013-05-07	I really liked the scene with Melisandre, Thoros, and Beric. I thought it was very insightful, and I love hearing Valyrian spoken. However, I HATED her interaction with Arya. HATED it. I wish DD would stop putting in bits and pieces of the future books. Let us read them on our own whenever they come out. It already sucks that the show might surpass the books.I can only hope that this is one of Mel's incorrect prophecies. Maybe when they "meet again" it will really be the Karstark girl on the dying horse. And I'm not even going to bother guessing the eye thing. Especially since the actors all, or most of them, have different eye colors than their book characters.A lot of people seemed to dislike this episode, but I didn't think it was that bad. I gave it a 7. I thought that the strongest scenes were with Roose, Jaime, and Brienne (lol at the dress!). I only wish it was longer. The Wall scenes were really good, minus the sappy final one, and Edmure wanting to pick his own Frey was hilarious. Those Frey guys were very odd looking!I'm over Theon and Bran. They're both boring me, nothing is going on, and the whole "where is Theon/who is that guy?" thing has stretched out for far too long.I'm curious to see how long they will stretch Jaime's journey to KL. Because he arrives AFTER the PW (because of that siiiick scene with Cersei) and I'm a believer that PW won't be til S4, so will the rest of S3 just be him journeying (and going back to get Bri of course)? There are still four eppys left.It's fact that PW will not be this season WiC relased a synopsis of the last 2 episodes, and no PW.
1102	Masamune	2013-05-07	[b]	"That word you keep using, I don't think it means what you think it means."Also just because Blackfish isn't very nice to Edmure doesn't make him a thug, and Loras isn't a gay stereotype even though people here love to claim he is.Why split hairs over semantics? You know the point they're trying to make, so why quibble over trivialities in your vain attempt to blindly defend the show?And Blackfish isn't a thug? In a handful of scenes so far, he's:* Knocked the grieving Edmure out of the way to shoot the arrow. * Punched Lord Karstark just for some backchat.* Threatened to spark his nephew & liege lord for not clearing up Robb's mess.Nah, you're right. He's a pussy cat.
1103	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-07	Yeah but here's the thing, I don't remember Tyrion being unlikeable at this point in the novels.  If I remember my experience of reading the books (twice), at this point he was a "good guy" who hadn't really done anything despicable yet, and he didn't really start to become the way people say he ought to be until A Dance with Dragons. Tyrion was definitely not a "good guy" at this point in the novels. He had a singer murdered, broke Marillion's fingers, threatened to rape Tommen, put Alayaya's life in danger, physically assaulted Shae, believed that Masha Heddle (the owner of the inn where Catelyn kidnapped him) deserved her death, and was an active participant in Tysha's rape.Also just because Blackfish isn't very nice to Edmure doesn't make him a thug, and Loras isn't a gay stereotype even though people here love to claim he is. It's easy to say "Loras isn't a gay stereotype" but... where is your evidence? All I see in the show is a character who can barely hold a conversation with a girl, knows about (women's) fashion, jumps into bed with the first gay guy he meets, etc. Those are all (negative and incorrect) gay stereotypes.Each scene with the Blackfish and Edmure has shown him being rude, abrupt and/or violent. That makes him a thug.
1104	Honourable Ser	2013-05-07	It's easy to say "Loras isn't a gay stereotype" but... where is your evidence? All I see in the show is a character who can barely hold a conversation with a girl, knows about (women's) fashion, jumps into bed with the first gay guy he meets, etc. Those are all (negative and incorrect) gay stereotypes.I thought the gay stereotype was the standard 'gay best friend' where all they do is talk to their girlfriends? As for jumping into bed with a man, I'm pretty sure all the heterosexual characters do this at some point (i.e. all the time)! And women's fashion? So what, he mentioned that she'd wear a nice gown. Shit, anyone can say that!So climb down off of your high horse as best you can, try not fall over your imbalanced ego on the way down and I'm sure you'll be fine. :-)
1105	Masamune	2013-05-07	You'd think they'd be more mindful of modern day sensibilities when it comes to portraying homosexuals in such an offensive, one-dimensional manner, but alas not. Just like Renly in S1. In the books, he's a dashing playboy and a capable tournie fighter, who just happens to be gay. Enter the show, and Renly's an effete pansy who winces at the sight of blood and needs Loras to go down on him before he believes he can take the throne. Yikes.
1106	Mars M.	2013-05-07	It's easy to say "Loras isn't a gay stereotype" but... where is your evidence? All I see in the show is a character who can barely hold a conversation with a girl, knows about (women's) fashion, jumps into bed with the first gay guy he meets, etc. Those are all (negative and incorrect) gay stereotypes.I might agree if that was all that we've seen Loras do, but it isn't. And I saw his recent scenes much differently. Instead of Loras not being able to hold a conversation with a girl, he just really didn't want to discuss the wedding and started rambling in a distracted manner about the pin/broach. Sansa is seeing their marriage as a dream come true and a chance for a much happier life, but for Loras it's a very different situation.  And the scene of him jumping into bed made sense to me because he's: 1) mourning Renly and 2) not expecting to find another lover any time soon because of his sexuality. It's not as simple as him wanting sex because he's gay.
1107	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	Tyrion was definitely not a "good guy" at this point in the novels. He had a singer murdered, broke Marillion's fingers, threatened to rape Tommen, put Alayaya's life in danger, physically assaulted Shae, believed that Masha Heddle (the owner of the inn where Catelyn kidnapped him) deserved her death, and was an active participant in Tysha's rape.It's easy to say "Loras isn't a gay stereotype" but... where is your evidence? All I see in the show is a character who can barely hold a conversation with a girl, knows about (women's) fashion, jumps into bed with the first gay guy he meets, etc. Those are all (negative and incorrect) gay stereotypes.This is an exaggeration of how that conversation went, and I hardly think those things are negative or stereotypes.  I know plenty of gay people, and yes many of them do like fashion and things like that.  So what?  How is that a stereotype if it's something that occurs and is in fact common (and not in any way negative)?  Loras has also been shown to be fairly masculine, so I don't see how showing he is interested in the trappings of his wedding is a bad thing.  If I recall correctly, Loras and Renly in the books were even more into stuff like that.And I don't think having sex with someone is a negative, and I don't think it was portrayed negatively.  Contrast this scene with Theon having sex with the Captain's daughter in season 2 in which he was just using her.  THAT was negative.  Would you complain that it is stereotyping straight men as always wanting sex and not caring about a woman's feelings?If he were walking around swaying his hips, talking with a lisp, and doing that thing with his hand (whatever that's called) then I would agree with you that it would be a stereotype.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 07 May 2013 - 10:18 PM.
1108	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	You'd think they'd be more mindful of modern day sensibilities when it comes to portraying homosexuals in such an offensive, one-dimensional manner, but alas not. Just like Renly in S1. In the books, he's a dashing playboy and a capable tournie fighter, who just happens to be gay. Enter the show, and Renly's an effete pansy who winces at the sight of blood and needs Loras to go down on him before he believes he can take the throne. Yikes.You must hate the Logo network.And I would hardly call Renly on the show "an effete pansy."
1109	Ser Steven	2013-05-07	Someone further back in the thread said that LF had everyone believing he left KL long before he actually did, which is why he was able to smuggle out Sansa. I cannot remember if this is true or not, but if it is, then my guess is that the sailing ship with the mockingbird sail is meant to convince KL that LF left for the Eyrie.In the book LF leaves for the Vale to set up the marriage with Lysa, comes back for Sansa, and then goes to the Vale to get married.
1110	Demandred	2013-05-07	I'm fairly sure Littlefinger doesn't leave for the Vale and come back. He stays close to King's Landing, waits for the wedding and then takes Sansa away in the ensuing chaos.
1111	jmk51	2013-05-07	I agree, but to a certain degree I think all of the characters are suffering from such alterations. Some are being whitewashed and some are being darkened. The characters are diminished by this and made considerably less...challenging. I truly enjoy the show...for what it is. Unfortunately, the lack of nuance and subtlety in the show's character development does not allow viewers the freedom to interpret the characters. As troubling as the "re-imagining" of major characters can be, I find the problems particularly prevalent with the characters for whom we have no PoV in the books. I feel we are forced to swallow the show writers' interpretation of these characters, where in the books we have a great deal of freedom to view the characters in a myriad of ways.	 The overt absolution of Cersei for the Bastard Hunt and the attempt on Tyrion's life serves to coddle the audience by providing easy answers without having to engage their minds. When left ambiguous, as in the books, the viewer is given freedom to speculate about who took the actions and what the motives may have been. This provides each reader with a sliding scale of morality and righteousness and leads to wildly differing opinions on who and what the characters are...to which anyone who frequents these boards can attest. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	 As much as I enjoy the show...and I do...I barely recognize these characters in their altered and simplified forms. Heh...Guess I will just have to start a reread as a pallet cleanser. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Not to be trite, but I think you missed the "nuance" in the bolded part.... she never said anything, Tyrion apparently took her silence as acknowledgement of it being Joffrey's idea.
1112	madprofessah	2013-05-07	could they even show a castration?  the only time i've ever seen a castration on tv it was shown sort of off screen and the guy was just shown afterward crumpled on the ground.Is Reek castrated? I don't remember that detail. We've already seen Alfie's junk in S1 but I wouldn't object to a reprise /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Put me in the group that votes for seeing less of the destruction of Theon. In the grand scheme of the GAME OF THRONES, how is Theon an important player? I'd rather see more time spent on several other topics or storylines. For example, more time on depicting the various religions (I think the producers really have not done due justice to The Seven, in my view. Although it must be stipulated that the art direction has done a very impressive job. This can be seen from the large number of times the 7-star motif appears in Kings Landing and the statues inside High Sept itself were absolutely stunning.)
1113	Khal Porno	2013-05-08	Is Reek castrated? I don't remember that detail. We've already seen Alfie's junk in S1 but I wouldn't object to a reprise /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Come on man, in the context of his dick being cut off?? Hahaha I can't imagine that being appealing.   And it's implied in the books that willy's been snipped, but I'm really hoping that doesn't happen in the show.
1114	Fishb4hjoker	2013-05-08	I wonder will they re-cast Tommen? I bet half of audience have already forgot him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I think they should make Tommen appear so audience can see diffrence between Tommen and Joffrey.
1115	elur	2013-05-08	Blue eye = Crow's Eye = Euron
					
					
							Edited by elur, 08 May 2013 - 03:06 AM.
1116	laughing tree knight	2013-05-08	my biggest take aways from the episode.  I think the scene where Mel learns of breathing fire back into people  is to set up Jon Snow return. I think it's tv insight that's not in the books unless Mel is also Ghost of High Hearth.
1117	Winterfelon	2013-05-08	At this point, I'm actually finding the  show is working much better as a bit of TV.
The first (two) series were by and large so faithful to the books, that they almost functioned as a companion piece rather than a show in its own right.  Kind of like the books, but with all the good bits taken out!
However, that said there is good and bad:
I'd agree we don't need any more Theon torture, but that story line has to be kept alive as otherwise he'd most probably  turn up in two seasons' time, recast and you'd lose the whole thread.
Also, some strands are going to translate well to TV, some aren't.  And some will have to change given the end game and the time scales involved.
The Jaime and Brienne 'Br-omance' is TV gold.  But TV knows how to do that.  The really long arcs - outside of soap opera - it struggles with.  I'd argue Doctor Who has this issue atm, but I digress.
Tyrion is good as ever - there is ample time to show his complexity.
The Blackfish - casting-wise - is almost spot on for me apart from being a bit tall.  From my recollection he was always a 'hearty' individual, so giving Edmure a bit of stick isn't totally beyond the pale.
Edmure - that actor is a good actor, but he always ends up playing bad guys or arseholes.  I think he's miscast as Edmure. I also don't agree with those who say Edmure's a sympathetic character here.  He screwed up too, so there's issues on both sides.
Also, I think the RW's impact will be diminished as something's off with how Robb has been handled this year.  I don't get the sense of him being the 'good' guy.  But I guess there's still time.
The Ygritte thing is - in my view - the biggest misstep/deviation.  As Ran said in his excellent review, it's cliche but it's also implausible given the stakes and also how Ygritte has been set up in both books and show.  Bad D&D.
The Reeds/Bran - all good in my book.  
Dennis Pennis (Thoros!) is quality, but I do take the point about the shift from the books, but makes sense the other prince is someone we know rather than some random.  It's also an essential part that - from the books - no one is perfect,.  No one is immune to the filth and everyone has a pay master - even the BWB.  Sad, but true.
EDIT:
Also - on Tyrion becoming a 'good' guy.  Given what he ends up doing to Tywin, I think it makes sense he is a bit more sympathetic.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfelon, 08 May 2013 - 04:56 AM.
1118	boojam	2013-05-08	Come on man, in the context of his dick being cut off?? Hahaha I can't imagine that being appealing.   And it's implied in the books that willy's been snipped, but I'm really hoping that doesn't happen in the show.Implied in the books?I don't remember that, or don't know of a passage where it's spelled out.Or even implied.George does  go for hyperbole 'root and stem' , which I take to mean both orchiectomy and penectomy , from what I know of ancient times it mostly orchiectomy if one left the victim alive.O well it is an alternate universe.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 May 2013 - 05:53 AM.
1119	Winterfelon	2013-05-08	Implied in the books?I don't remember that, or don't know of a passage where it's spelled out.Or even implied.George does  go for hyperbole 'root and stem' , which I take to mean both orchiectomy and penectomy , from what I know of ancient times it mostly orchiectomy if one left the victim alive.O well it is an alternate universe.There is one line I think where Theon looks at a woman and thinks 'those days were all over now' or similar, but it's never explicitly stated which is why we all wonder. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1120	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	Poor RosI was hoping she would stick around. And we didn't need to see that. I hope they use it at leastPerhaps Olenna agreed to the marriage but will now find out through Varys and want Loras on the kings guard to protect Margery while PW plans are put in place ?Regarding Ros, I would not be surprised in the least if her gruesome demise is the catalyst (as if there aren't enough already) for Tywin dressing down Joffrey, confiscating his crossbow, which will later on be found in his bedchamber by Tyrion...I'd put money on that crossbow being the one
1121	Winterfelon	2013-05-08	Regarding Ros, I would not be surprised in the least if her gruesome demise is the catalyst (as if there aren't enough already) for Tywin dressing down Joffrey, confiscating his crossbow, which will later on be found in his bedchamber by Tyrion...I'd put money on that crossbow being the oneGreat shout. :cool:
1122	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Tyrion was definitely not a "good guy" at this point in the novels.This illustrates an inherent problem in these discussions -- there is/was strong disagreement about these characters even as they were presented in the books.   People interpret different scenes differently, or find behaviors more excusable (or more blameworthy) for various reasons than others might.  Since it is impossible to replicate all the nuances and subtleties of a 900 page book on TV, the TV writers are inherently going to have to omit some of that, and instead go for a portrayal that captures what they see as the key personality traits of each character, and script events consistent with that vision.  And because we don't all agree even on the book portrayals, it's inevitable that no matter what they do, someone is going to be accusing them of inconsistencies.Things they omit that some believe are critical, are things others will find unimportant.For example, I still consider Tyrion a good guy at this point in the context of Westeros, and in the context of having been raised in hate by his father and sister.  Yet, I recall book debates where people disagreed very strongly about whether he deserved credit or blame for his approach to Sansa's wedding.  So of course, people are going to disagree about that here as well.That's why all the "they ruined 'x'" stuff strikes me as way over the top.  Just because the portrayal doesn't match how you envisioned the character doesn't mean it's wrong, because that presentation may well be consistent with how others interpreted the characters in the books.It's easy to say "Loras isn't a gay stereotype" but... where is your evidence? All I see in the show is a character who can barely hold a conversation with a girl, knows about (women's) fashion, jumps into bed with the first gay guy he meets, etc. Those are all (negative and incorrect) gay stereotypes.Martin presents him as something of a stereotype, though.  Renly is described as the "weak steel".  Loras isn't a bruiser, or even of average build or strength.  He's slender, quick, long golden hair, beautiful...a gay stereotype.  He rides a mare rather than a stallion.  He's known as the Knight of Flowers and a member of the "Rainbow Guard".  He's not portrayed as just an average knight who happens to be gay.Each scene with the Blackfish and Edmure has shown him being rude, abrupt and/or violent. That makes him a thug.Again, this is another place where views can differ.  To me at least, a "thug" is someone who is dim-witted, and capable of nothing other than physical brutality.  I don't think that's been established.
1123	Winterfelon	2013-05-08	BlackfishAgain, this is another place where views can differ.  To me at least, a "thug" is someone who is dim-witted, and capable of nothing other than physical brutality.  I don't think that's been established.Quite.I count three significant scenes with him so far (Funeral, Cat, Freys).  Only in the last of these is he an out and out 'brute'.  But given the character's book history, perhaps he knows the folly of not marrying when compelled (as now does Robb) and this is all being brought to bear?It could, perhaps, have been handled with a bit more finesse from a writing point of view, but we need to see a fighting fish given what happens later in the books.I think it's perfect casting again and that the fish is far from ruined!
1124	Ran	2013-05-08	Martin presents him as something of a stereotype, though.No he doesn't.Renly is described as the "weak steel".He has a character who last knew Renly when he was 6 years old call him "copper", not "weak steel".  Doesn't have anything to do with Loras, though.Loras isn't a bruiserSo if you're not a bruiser, you're falling into a gay male stereotype... ?or even of average build or strength.You know, nothing says he's weak or "below average" in strength, and everything points against it. He may well be stronger than bigger men with less training and natural gifts for it. (I always imagined him as having a wiry strength, more of a "fast twitch" muscle than "slow twitch" kind of guy. I keep thinking of Eric Davis, who would have gone 40-40 in '87 if he hadn't missed a big chunk of the season.)He's slender, quick, long golden hair, beautifulThis sounds like young Jaime Lannister, or Rhaegar Targaryen....In fact, Loras has curling brown hair....a gay stereotype.I never knew being good looking, lean, and having long hair made you any kind of stereotype at all. He rides a mare rather than a stallion.Once ever, so far as we know, as a trick to make sure he beat Gregor Clegane.He's known as the Knight of FlowersHis family arms feature a flower, his family seat is associated with them, and in the world of Westeros, there's nothing remotely stereotypical about being associated with flowers. Well, maybe "Typical Tyrell". Leo Longthorn, the Queen of Thorns... they all get associated with flowers, one way or another, if they're of any note.and a member of the "Rainbow Guard"Which Martin has noted was never named as a reference to the rainbow emblem of the LGBT movement, and came purely from the fact that Renly loved pageantry and he had established that rainbows are an emblem of the Faith.He's not portrayed as just an average knight who happens to be gay.He's portrayed as a legendary knight who half the maids in the realm want to marry and all the boys want to be like, the sort of young man Robert himself said a man would be proud to call a son... and who also happens to be gay.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 May 2013 - 09:07 AM.
1125	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	No he doesn't.He has a character who last knew Renly when he was 6 years old call him "copper", not "weak steel".  Doesn't have anything to do with Loras, though.So if you're not a bruiser, you're falling into a gay male stereotype... ?You know, nothing says he's weak or "below average" in strength, and everything points against it. He may well be stronger than bigger men with less training and natural gifts for it. (I always imagined him as having a wiry strength, more of a "fast twitch" muscle than "slow twitch" kind of guy. I keep thinking of Eric Davis, who would have gone 40-40 in '87 if he hadn't missed a big chunk of the season.)This sounds like young Jaime Lannister, or Rhaegar Targaryen....In fact, Loras has curling brown hair.I never knew being good looking, lean, and having long hair made you any kind of stereotype at all.Once ever, so far as we know, as a trick to make sure he beat Gregor Clegane.His family arms feature a flower, his family seat is associated with them, and in the world of Westeros, there's nothing remotely stereotypical about being associated with flowers.Which Martin has noted was never named as a reference to the rainbow emblem of the LGBT movement, and came purely from the fact that Renly loved pageantry and he had established that rainbows are an emblem of the Faith.He's portrayed as a legendary knight who half the maids in the realm want to marry and all the boys want to be like, the sort of young man Robert himself said a man would be proud to call a son... and who also happens to be gay.It looks like you're defending every ambiguous choice GRRM has made, because "it's in the books", and therefore flawless, while you're condemning every ambiguous choice the show has made, because "it's the show", and therefore a mess. If you call a knight "Knight of flowers", describe him like a fair lad, make him ride a mare, and make him join the "Rainbow guard", it's no better that making him have occasional sex with someone (which is something almost every person has done in their life, regardless of their sexual orientation) and make him say he always dreamt of a beautifully dressed wife (even if he was lying). No offense meant, but this is intellectual dishonesty.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 09:14 AM.
1126	Ran	2013-05-08	Possibly I'm still too ill, but what you're saying is quite impossible for me to figure out. I don't understand where Martin was supposed to be ambiguous.
Rhaegar was a fair lad. Jaime was a fair lad. This makes them gay? 
Are all the Tyrells gay because they have roses on their arms and they live in Highgarden? 
Riding a mare makes you gay? Is the Faith gay, because the rainbow is an important emblem?
Is Littlefinger gay, because he dresses well? 
I mean, color me very thoroughly confused. I don't see the ambiguities. There's no ambiguity that Loras Tyrell is gay. But it has nothing to do with his having used a mare once, because he was a member of the Rainbow Guard, because he's good looking, because he's associated with flowers. It's because, uh, he's gay. 
Whereas the show has failed to actually indicate that he misses Renly or that Renly's death has had any lingering effect on him this season -- despite the writer of "Kissed by Fire" saying that that was the impression they wanted to give -- and has made him incapable of holding a conversation with a young lady unless he distract himself with talking about details of her wedding gown and the fine point of difference between a broach and a pin. These are their choices. Their characterization of him in the aired episodes is pretty clear. 
Can they change things around with the last four episodes, and provide something more to the character to re-establish the connection to Renly and so on? Maybe they will, but I'm dubious. Not least because it's really three episodes, since I suspect episode 9 will be focused solely around the Twins.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 May 2013 - 09:27 AM.
1127	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	Possibly I'm still too ill, but what you're saying is quite impossible for me to figure out. I don't understand where Martin was supposed to be ambiguous.Rhaegar was a fair lad. Jaime was a fair lad. This makes them gay?Are all the Tyrells gay because they have roses on their arms and they live in Highgarden?Riding a mare makes you gay? Is the Faith gay, because the rainbow is an important emblem?Is Littlefinger gay, because he dresses well?I mean, color me very thoroughly confused. I don't see the ambiguities. There's no ambiguity that Loras Tyrell is gay. But it has nothing to do with his having used a mare once, because he was a member of the Rainbow Guard, because he's good looking, because he's associated with flowers. It's because, uh, he's gay.Whereas the show has failed to actually indicate that he misses Renly or that Renly's death has had any lingering effect on him this season -- despite the writer of "Kissed by Fire" saying that that was the impression they wanted to give -- and has made him incapable of holding a conversation with a young lady unless he distract himself with talking about details of her wedding gown and the fine point of difference between a broach and a pin.Yet people say Loras is a gay stereotype in the show because he knows about clothes and shags a person he just met. Colour me more confused than you are.
1128	Linda	2013-05-08	It looks like you're defending every ambiguous choice GRRM has made, because "it's in the books", and therefore flawless, while you're condemning every ambiguous choice the show has made, because "it's the show", and therefore a mess. If you call a knight "Knight of flowers", describe him like a fair lad, make him ride a mare, and make him join the "Rainbow guard", it's no better that making him have occasional sex with someone (which is something almost every person has done in their life, regardless of their sexual orientation) and make him say he always dreamt of a beautifully dressed wife (even if he was lying). No offense meant, but this is intellectual dishonesty.What exactly is ambiguous about the characterisation of Loras in the books? There's no comparison between the two things you're trying to compare. Loras, in the books, is one half of a tragic romance, though one you really only learn about after the fact (which is part of what makes it sad; Martin often reveals such things after the fact, making you re-evaluate a character). What's stereotypical about that?On the show, they decided that this apparently wasn't interesting, at least not compared to forcing the character to act in certain idiotic ways to get a plot to work that shouldn't be working.If the show wasn't an adaptation, I suppose the portrayal wouldn't stand out as very bad (but still, a more stereotypical depiction of a gay male than _not_ having him be happy to screw a random  guy at the drop of a hat). But it is an adaptation. And compared to the source material, it is unquestionably inferior.
1129	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	What exactly is ambiguous about the characterisation of Loras in the books? There's no comparison between the two things you're trying to compare. Loras, in the books, is one half of a tragic romance, though one you really only learn about after the fact (which is part of what makes it sad; Martin often reveals such things after the fact, making you re-evaluate a character). What's stereotypical about that?On the show, they decided that this apparently wasn't interesting, at least not compared to forcing the character to act in certain idiotic ways to get a plot to work that shouldn't be working.If the show wasn't an adaptation, I suppose the portrayal wouldn't stand out as very bad (but still, a more stereotypical depiction of a gay male than _not_ having him be happy to screw a random  guy at the drop of a hat). But it is an adaptation. And compared to the source material, it is unquestionably inferior.I agree with Loras in the show being considerably shallower than book Loras. No one is questioning that.But, using the words of Ran:Littlefinger knows about clothes, does that make him gay? No. Loras knows about clothes. Explain me why that works differently for him, for many posters.Theon shags random girls, does it make him a straight sterotype? No. Loras shags a random lad. Explain me why that is a gay stereotype.Shallower? Yes. Less tragic? Yes. A stereotype? Hell, no more than book Loras. Unless we are saying that, being Loras the only gay character in the show, he should have been portrayed better than straight characters, because, having LGBT people been bashed for too long in real life, they deserve to stand out as better than straight people in shows. I don't agree with this way of thinking, but I understand it. And respect it.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 09:44 AM.
1130	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	No he doesn't.Disagree.  I never said he was a pure stereotype, but rather "something of a stereotype" in terms of there being some stereotyped elements.He has a character who last knew Renly when he was 6 years old call him "copper", not "weak steel".  Doesn't have anything to do with Loras, though.But it does fit in with gay stereotyping in general.  The gay brother happens to be the weakest.So if you're not a bruiser, you're falling into a gay male stereotype... ?It's not just that he's not a bruiser.  He's described as "beautiful", which is generally not a masculine descriptor.  He's a lithe, slender, beautiful male...you don't think that image fits a gay stereotype?  Not that every such person is gay, but really -- you don't think that fits a stereotype?  Not to mention the "Knight of Flowers" and "Rainbow Guard".   Sure, that's his House, etc.., but then, we're talking about a fictional construct where the associations are made by the author.  Did the gay knight have to be from the House with flowers as it's sigil, and known as the "knight of flowers?"I never knew being good looking, lean, and having long hair made you any kind of stereotype at all.You're changing the words to lessen the connotation.  Again, he's described as "beautiful", not "good-looking".  To put it differently, can you think of any knight who is described in a less traditionally masculine fashion than Ser Loras?  I can't.  Jaime, who is also exceptionally attractive, is still not described as having the kind of slight, boyish build attributed to Loras.  Nor is Rhaegar.Which Martin has noted was never named as a reference to the rainbow emblem of the LGBT movement, and came purely from the fact that Renly loved pageantry and he had established that rainbows are an emblem of the Faith.The connotation exists whether intended or not.I don't think he was written as just a gay stereotype.  But I'll stand by the statement that his physical description is one that does fit into a certain "pretty boy" stereotype.  He certainly doesn't have Jorah Mormont's back hair.....
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 10:02 AM.
1131	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	A lot of straight men are described as beautiful in the series including Rheagar and Jamie, so Loras' looks I don't think is a reasonable criticism, neither is him coming from House Tyrell.
I would say that the show having him prattle on about women's sleeves and fabric and having him fall into bed with a total stranger is veering into gay stereotyping and I'm not sure why they went there.
1132	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Rhaegar was a fair lad. Jaime was a fair lad. This makes them gay?No, Ran, and nobody is saying that.  But who's the fairest (as well as lithe and slender) of them all, and why is that guy the one who is gay?Whereas the show has failed to actually indicate that he misses Renly or that Renly's death has had any lingering effect on him this season -- despite the writer of "Kissed by Fire" saying that that was the impression they wanted to give -- and has made him incapable of holding a conversation with a young lady unless he distract himself with talking about details of her wedding gown and the fine point of difference between a broach and a pin. These are their choices. Their characterization of him in the aired episodes is pretty clear.I agree this is a different stereotype.  Just because he was (I believe) presented as something of a physical stereotype in the books doesn't justify changes to his character in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 09:54 AM.
1133	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	A lot of straight men are described as beautiful in the series including Rheagar and Jamie, so Loras' looks I don't think is a reasonable criticism, neither is him coming from House Tyrell.I would say that the show having him prattle on about women's sleeves and fabric and having him fall into bed with a total stranger is veering into gay stereotyping and I'm not sure why they went there.I will never understand why having occasional sex or knowing about clothes is a "gay stereotype". The former is utter madness. Loras is shallower and less interesting than in the book, YES. That is the only unquestionable truth.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 09:59 AM.
1134	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-08	99% of characters on television are straight. Any attempt to derail the argument by discussing the presentation of straight characters is just offensive and insulting.
Loras is a walking stereotype on the show. In the books he had some stereotypically gay traits, but there was always more to him than that. He felt like a real person. You'd never find any book reader referring to Loras as the "gay knight".
1135	Honourable Ser	2013-05-08	99% of characters on television are straight. Any attempt to derail the argument by discussing the presentation of straight characters is just offensive and insulting.Loras is a walking stereotype on the show. In the books he had some stereotypically gay traits, but there was always more to him than that. He felt like a real person. You'd never find any book reader referring to Loras as the "gay knight".99% of characters on television are straight. Any attempt to derail the argument by discussing the presentation of straight characters is just offensive and insulting.Loras is a walking stereotype on the show. In the books he had some stereotypically gay traits, but there was always more to him than that. He felt like a real person. You'd never find any book reader referring to Loras as the "gay knight".Loras is a great fighter, we've seen that. Not exactly the gay stereotype is it? Any attempt to derail the show by discussing the presentation of gay characters is just offensive and insulting to the job the writers are doing.
1136	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-08	Loras is a great fighter, we've seen that. Not exactly the gay stereotype is it? Any attempt to derail the show by discussing the presentation of gay characters is just offensive and insulting to the job the writers are doing.We haven't seen that Loras is a great fighter. We saw him being beaten by Gregor Clegane, and we saw him beaten by Brienne of Tarth.Yeah, discussing their homophobic portrayal of characters is certainly derailing. If you're not interested in discussing why the show's portrayal of gay characters has been so deeply problematic, stop reading my posts.
1137	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	I will never understand why having occasional sex or knowing about clothes is a "gay stereotype". The former is utter madness. Loras is shallower and less interesting than in the book, YES. That is the only unquestionable truth.99% of characters on television are straight. Any attempt to derail the argument by discussing the presentation of straight characters is just offensive and insulting.Loras is a walking stereotype on the show. In the books he had some stereotypically gay traits, but there was always more to him than that. He felt like a real person. You'd never find any book reader referring to Loras as the "gay knight".I really don't want to offend you in any way, Patrick. I know this is a very delicate topic, and I am no gay man, so I cannot fully understand what it means to be bashed only for being true to one's identity.I'll just tell you that a very close relative of mine is gay. He was offended as you are now by the fact that Loras rided a mare. He said "What, gay men are too weak to mount stallions?". Now, of course it was a plot device. But, like it or not, it's the same thing as him having sex with that lad. A plot device. You may think it's a stupid one, yet it still is one. And I know many book readers who call Loras "the gay knight".But of course, this is just my point of view.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 10:14 AM.
1138	Honourable Ser	2013-05-08	We haven't seen that Loras is a great fighter. We saw him being beaten by Gregor Clegane, and we saw him beaten by Brienne of Tarth.Yeah, discussing their homophobic portrayal of characters is certainly derailing. If you're not interested in discussing why the show's portrayal of gay characters has been so deeply problematic, stop reading my posts.But Brienne of Tarth is a great fighter as well and a woman to boot! I distinctly remember you complaining about the presentation of women on another thread as well, so you should have been thrilled to see that! Also, Loras beat Gregor in the joust, even if he did cheat, so he clearly has some skill and is not just an effete pansy.David and Dan are clearly not homophobic as well. The deleted scene of Loras and Maragrey in season two is probably the best example of this, it's clear to see how distraught he was over it, and it says something when this is one of the relationships that shows some feeling in it. So what if Loras fucked another man, the heterosexual characters go around fucking every girl they see (Bronn being the best example), but I don't see you complaining about them being overtly masculine. So come, come now, don't treat homosexuals and heterosexuals any differently Pat! .
					
					
							Edited by Honourable Ser, 08 May 2013 - 10:19 AM.
1139	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	But Brienne of Tarth is a great fighter as well and a woman to boot! I distinctly remember you complaining about the presentation of women on another thread as well, so you should have been thrilled to see that! Also, Loras beat Gregor in the joust, even if he did cheat, so he clearly has some skill and is not just an effete pansy.David and Dan are clearly not homophobic as well. The deleted scene of Loras and Maragrey in season two is probably the best example of this, it's clear to see how distraught he was over it, and it says something when this is one of the relationships that shows some feeling in it. So what if Loras fucked another man, the heterosexual characters go around fucking every girl they see (Bronn being the best example), but I don't see you complaining about them being overtly masculine. So come, come now, don't treat homosexuals and heterosexuals any differently Pat! .To be honest, I would have really liked to see that deleted scene make it into the show. It would have given much more depth to Loras and his love for Renly!
1140	Honourable Ser	2013-05-08	To be honest, I would have really liked to see that deleted scene make it into the show. It would have given much more depth to Loras and his love for Renly!Oh I completely agree, but I guess for the sake of story progression etc. you just can't have it all! I really enjoyed the Varys/Littlefinger scene that was cut from season two as well. Beginning to love the Iron Throne rendevous that should be a staple of each season!
1141	SelmyMore	2013-05-08	Am I totally backwards, or was the sun rising from the wrong direction at the end?
1142	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	Oh I completely agree, but I guess for the sake of story progression etc. you just can't have it all! I really enjoyed the Varys/Littlefinger scene that was cut from season two as well. Beginning to love the Iron Throne rendevous that should be a staple of each season!It would have also helped non readers understand that Loras was wearing Renly's armor during the battle at Blackwater. Yes, that was a missed oppurtunity.On a more positive note, this episode's rendevous between LF and Varys and the chaos speech were unbelievable!
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 10:31 AM.
1143	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	99% of characters on television are straight. Any attempt to derail the argument by discussing the presentation of straight characters is just offensive and insulting.That may have been true 10 years ago, but I don't think it is true anymore.Loras is a walking stereotype on the show. In the books he had some stereotypically gay traits, but there was always more to him than that. He felt like a real person. You'd never find any book reader referring to Loras as the "gay knight".Well said.
1144	Honourable Ser	2013-05-08	It would have also helped non readers understand that Loras was wearing Renly's armor during the battle at Blackwater. Yes, that was a missed oppurtunity.On a more positive note, this episode's rendevous between LF and Varys and the chaos speech were unbelievable!Reinforced why I love Aidan Gillen! I get that some people don't like hiw theatrical his villain is, but there's something very Machiavellian and Shakespearian about his performance that I just love. He always reminds me of Kenneth Branagh as Iago in 'Othello'.
1145	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	The fact that Renly and Loras were gay was only hinted at in the books, there was nothing close to the outright relationship depicted in the show.  That said, once they decided to include the relationship and make Renly's homosexuality a part of the show I thought they missed a huge opportunity with his character to explore how that element of his nature helped him generate those 100,000 allies....how being an outsider on the inside allowed him to relate to people in a different way, to the highboard, to the peasants, etc., which was an aspect of Book Renly that never made it to the show and I thought this could have been a great addition to the depth of his TV characterization.
1146	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Reinforced why I love Aidan Gillen! I get that some people don't like hiw theatrical his villain is, but there's something very Machiavellian and Shakespearian about his performance that I just love. He always reminds me of Kenneth Branagh as Iago in 'Othello'.The odd thing is that his hair bugs the hell out of me.  It looks like something you'd see from Best Cuts, a typical "neat part of the right".  It just looks too modern for me, and it throws me off visually.
1147	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	Reinforced why I love Aidan Gillen! I get that some people don't like hiw theatrical his villain is, but there's something very Machiavellian and Shakespearian about his performance that I just love. He always reminds me of Kenneth Branagh as Iago in 'Othello'.I love show Littlefinger as much as you do. His new found raspy voice being a further enhancement. He has a unique evil charisma.
1148	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	I love show Littlefinger as much as you do. His new found raspy voice being a further enhancement. He has a unique evil charisma.To each his own I guess, I feel like he is acting in a different program than everyone else.
1149	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	To each his own I guess, I feel like he is acting in a different program than everyone else.Ahah yes, everyone has their flaws. All hail Lord Twat Beard! I feel like rewatching the chaos speech right now.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 10:49 AM.
1150	JohnnyMac	2013-05-08	Facebook recap is up for this episode: http://www.happyplac...son-3-episode-6
1151	madprofessah	2013-05-08	For example, I still consider Tyrion a good guy at this point in the context of Westeros, and in the context of having been raised in hate by his father and sister.  Yet, I recall book debates where people disagreed very strongly about whether he deserved credit or blame for his approach to Sansa's wedding.  So of course, people are going to disagree about that here as well.[..]Martin presents him as something of a stereotype, though.  Renly is described as the "weak steel".  Loras isn't a bruiser, or even of average build or strength.  He's slender, quick, long golden hair, beautiful...a gay stereotype.  He rides a mare rather than a stallion.  He's known as the Knight of Flowers and a member of the "Rainbow Guard".  He's not portrayed as just an average knight who happens to be gay.I would agree with you about Tyrion. Since Tywin is such an asshole and Tyrion ends up removing him from his throne ( /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ) he is a hero in my eyes. Plus, from getting his POV in the books you can see he has at least some sense of compassion/empathy. I don't think we ever get a Tywin POV so maybe he does too, but his actions do not indicate he is anything but how Charles Dance portrays him: a heartless bad-ass.As for Loras, I also agree with you that GRRM does an unfortunately un-nuanced job of portraying both of the main gay characters in the books (Renly and Loras). It's particularly problematic that Renly is killed by the spirit-monster and that Loras is horribly disfigured/burned by wildfire. (There is a long and horrid history of openly LGBT characters in books and films always coming to a "bad end" by the end of the story. The Hays Code on movies in the 1940-60s insisted that any depiction of homosexuality resulted in negative outcomes for gay characters--see The Celluloid Closet by Vito Russo for more details.) GRRM fails to counter this stereotype at all in the books.I disagree with you somewhat in that Loras is not completely stereotypical: he is often said to be one of the top swordsmen in the Seven Realms. I actually think the actor who plays Loras on the show is doing a pretty good job. ShowLoras is more interesting than BookLoras to me and may get even more so depending on future B&B changes to his story arc (joining the Kingsguard or marrying Cersei). Oh, and FYI, according to the GLAAD, in 2012 approximately 4.4% of television characters were LGBT, so over 95% of television characters are presumed to be straight. That's why discussing the portrayal of Loras and Renly is a reasonable topic. Just as an aside, does anyone else think it is weird that they are not emphasizing the significance of "Wearing the White" of the Kingsguard? In the books, I always thought it was interesting and pictured it as really cool that there would be knights walking around all in white (and also thought the parallelism between the shame of "taking the black" Night's Watch and the prestige of the Kingsguard white was  a brilliant stroke by GRRM.)
					
					
							Edited by madprofessah, 08 May 2013 - 12:09 PM.
1152	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	As for Loras, I also agree with you that GRRM does an unfortunately un-nuanced job of portraying both of the main gay characters in the books (Renly and Loras). It's particularly problematic that Renly is killed by the spirit-monster and that Loras is horribly disfigured/burned by wildfire. (There is a long and horrid history of openly LGBT characters in books and films always coming to a "bad end" by the end of the story. The Hays Code on movies in the 1940-60s insisted that any depiction of homosexuality resulted in negative outcomes for gay characters--see The Celluloid Closet by Vito Russo for more details.) GRRM fails to counter this stereotype at all in the books.The two gay male characters that come to my mind right now are knights and knights have a very high chance to get hurt or getting sick.
1153	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	(There is a long and horrid history of openly LGBT characters in books and films always coming to a "bad end" by the end of the story. The Hays Code on movies in the 1940-60s insisted that any depiction of homosexuality resulted in negative outcomes for gay characters--see The Celluloid Closet by Vito Russo for more details.) GRRM fails to counter this stereotype at all in the books.Well, I think that's still up in the air as we know that Loras is disfigured, but we don't know that his story is otherwise over.  I think it would be cool to have a no longer the pretty boy Loras essentially "bad-ass" against the Others later in the story.  A nice metaphor for how the whole Kingdom will have beaten itself into the ground prior to the confrontation that really matters.I disagree with you somewhat in that Loras is not completely stereotypical: he is often said to be one of the top swordsmen in the Seven Realms. I actually think the actor who plays Loras on the show is doing a pretty good job. ShowLoras is more interesting than BookLoras to me and may get even more so depending on future B&B changes to his story arc (joining the Kingsguard or marrying Cersei).I do feel compelled to point out that I never said book Loras was completely stereotypical, and in fact specifically said that he was not.Oh, and FYI, according to the GLAAD, in 2012 approximately 4.4% of television characters were LGBT, so over 95% of television characters are presumed to be straight. That's why discussing the portrayal of Loras and Renly is a reasonable topic.The post to which I was responding said 99%.  4.4% sounds reasonable.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 12:18 PM.
1154	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-08	The post to which I was responding said 99%.  4.4% sounds reasonable. Do you seriously think 95.6% of people in the world are non-LGBTQ?
1155	ambi76	2013-05-08	Do you seriously think 95.6% of people in the world are non-LGBTQ?For self-reporting/identifying LGBTQ folks that's a pretty solid statistic (most statistics show something between 3-5%). The ~10% numbers come usually from LA and the ~1% numbers come usually from Westboro Baptist types.Oh and yes, times are changing. In the under 30 years old cohort the LGBTQ numbers can almost double (6-8%).
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 08 May 2013 - 12:52 PM.
1156	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-08	No, Ran, and nobody is saying that.  But who's the fairest (as well as lithe and slender) of them all, and why is that guy the one who is gay?Well actually as far as current living characters in Westeros go I'd say Jamie pre-capture was probably considered to be more attractive than Ser Loras by the average woman(not young ladies like Sansa) in Westeros.  And if you add the dead then Rhaegar is definitely considered to be the fairest of them all, even Cersei says Jamie is nothing compared to Rhaegar in the looks department, I don't think Ser Loras is quite on Rhaegar's level.....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 08 May 2013 - 02:12 PM.
1157	A Man Has Said	2013-05-08	Ok, can someone please explain to me why Sansa was crying at the sight of Littlefinger's ship sailing away?Also.....ARE YOU HAPPY NOW ROS HATERS?  Poor Ros, she was there to help meet HBO's nudity quota, then discarded to let us know that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic and evil....Because we didn't know that already...I don't understand the Ros haters myself. There are lots of prostitutes in the books, the show runners have just combined them into one character for the sake of narrative convenience and production economy. It's one of the few changes from the book that makes a lot of sense and most importantly has no impact whatsoever on the telling of the story. Of all the things you could be complaining about, Ros is the least in so many respects.The supreme irony is that with Ros gone they're likely going to have to create Ros 2.0 fairly soon, because there's going to be a continuing need to combine the prostitute characters. So there, Ros haters.
1158	Maxthestig	2013-05-08	How many times do people watch each new episodes ?The second watch through is always betterHere is my review, Would be great to get your views !http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rlI3_sIpFqgWhat do you people think of Ramsay ?I'm hoping he doesn't go over the top.
1159	Minsc	2013-05-08	So what if Loras fucked another man, the heterosexual characters go around fucking every girl they see (Bronn being the best example), but I don't see you complaining about them being overtly masculine. So come, come now, don't treat homosexuals and heterosexuals any differently Pat! .Bronn nor those other characters just had the love of their life just murdered, it would be like if Catelyn had just randomly decided to fuck Greatjon in season 2 without a thought about Ned at all.
1160	Khal Porno	2013-05-08	I disagree with you somewhat in that Loras is not completely stereotypical: he is often said to be one of the top swordsmen in the Seven Realms. I actually think the actor who plays Loras on the show is doing a pretty good job. ShowLoras is more interesting than BookLoras to me and may get even more so depending on future B&B changes to his story arc (joining the Kingsguard or marrying Cersei).I agree with you completely. I really like Loras on the show, but I thought he was just an arrogant dickhole in the books and didn't care about him either way.
1161	ebevan91	2013-05-08	How many times do people watch each new episodes ?The second watch through is always betterHere is my review, Would be great to get your views !http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rlI3_sIpFqgWhat do you people think of Ramsay ?I'm hoping he doesn't go over the top.Once the night it airs, then usually the Tuesday afterwards. But I actually skipped the rewatch yesterday because I watched it about an hour before it even premiered (Comcast posted it on their streaming website), then I watched most of the live showing.But when season 3 is done, I'm going to rewatch the series. Then I may rewatch season 3 again because I only have HBO for about 2 more months before it gets cut off (got it for free right now).
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 08 May 2013 - 06:31 PM.
1162	Khalessi	2013-05-08	Bronn nor those other characters just had the love of their life just murdered, it would be like if Catelyn had just randomly decided to fuck Greatjon in season 2 without a thought about Ned at all.Exactally that's the big difference. If they did this to Catelyn people would be so upset! I know I would!
1163	Khal Porno	2013-05-08	I would like to hear Patrick Stormborn's opinion of this:http://www.funnyordi...playlist=341958
1164	AegonSnow	2013-05-08	I think you're completely right on Shae. Good call.As for Loras, while I'm sure Olenna did probably agree there, I'd imagine Loras will flat out refuse, and become KingsguardOr maybe Twyin will die, and Cersei will flat out refuse Loras.   leaving his only option to join the KG...
1165	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	Exactally that's the big difference. If they did this to Catelyn people would be so upset! I know I would!What you don't understand is that we are not denying that shagging a random guy made Loras look much shallower. That is true.We don't agree with those who say that the show portrayed Loras as a gay stereotype, because of his fucking that lad he had just met.What we are saying is that everybody in the show randomly fucks everybody else, and by no means that can be considered differently for Loras, just because he's gay.I will repeat it. Would I have liked Loras to mourn Renly? Yes. Was Loras turned into a gay stereotype because "gays fuck whoever they see"? No, almost everyone else in the show fucks whoever they see, and that does not turn them into straight stereotypes. Therefore, the thing cannot be different for Loras.
1166	Minsc	2013-05-09	I will repeat it. Would I have liked Loras to mourn Renly? Yes. Was Loras turned into a gay stereotype because "gays fuck whoever they see"? No, almost everyone else in the show fucks whoever they see, and that does not turn them into straight stereotypes. Therefore, the thing cannot be different for Loras.It isn't a straight stereotype that straights sleep with whoever they see.
1167	Dove	2013-05-09	Facebook recap is up for this episode: http://www.happyplac...son-3-episode-6Hahaha. These are usually sort of cute but I cracked up at "quit mansplaining" and "Witch! (Davos Seaworth likes this)"
1168	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	It isn't a straight stereotype that straights sleep with whoever they see.Nonsense. It is as much as it is for homosexuals. People shag, regardless of their sexual orientation, full stop.
1169	Honey Badger	2013-05-09	Ok, can someone please explain to me why Sansa was crying at the sight of Littlefinger's ship sailing away?Sansa just being an idiot as usual.  LF wants to take her to the Eyrie; she agrees.  Then she decides with a broken gaydar that marrying Loras and leaving for Highgarden is a better idea.  When Tyrion drops the bomb on her, she hopes being whisked away to her aunt is still on the table.  Littlefinger morphs into Middlefinger in the nick of time and gives Sansa a big fat "fuck you."It's possible LF isn't on the boat, and we'll see a surprise during the RW: Dontos rescues Sansa in time to get a crossbow reward just like in the books, and LF helps Sansa after all.
1170	Honey Badger	2013-05-09	Nonsense. It is as much as it is for homosexuals. People shag, regardless of their sexual orientation, full stop.Yes, but for straights it's not a stereotype, thus there's nothing to get butt hurt about.  Because there is a supposed stereotype concerning gay sex, D&D isn't allowed to touch the double standard.I personally don't swim in these waters of stupidity, since it's all so inconsistent.  Just that being offended isn't that big of a deal; PC nazis want to think/act differently, but being offended should be celebrated in a free society with free speech and not hated.
1171	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	Yes, but for straights it's not a stereotype, thus there's nothing to get butt hurt about.  Because there is a supposed stereotype concerning gay sex, D&D isn't allowed to touch the double standard.I personally don't swim in these waters of stupidity, since it's all so inconsistent.  Just that being offended isn't that big of a deal; PC nazis want to think/act differently, but being offended should be celebrated in a free society with free speech and not hated.I'm not really sure of what you mean with your last paragraph, but fine, I'm dropping this discussion too.
1172	Khal Porno	2013-05-09	Yes, but for straights it's not a stereotype, thus there's nothing to get butt hurt about.  Because there is a supposed stereotype concerning gay sex, D&D isn't allowed to touch the double standard.I personally don't swim in these waters of stupidity, since it's all so inconsistent.  Just that being offended isn't that big of a deal; PC nazis want to think/act differently, but being offended should be celebrated in a free society with free speech and not hated.Actually there's an even bigger "stereotype" that MEN in general are promiscuous (and we see this reinforced countless times throughout Game of Thrones and Ice & Fire).  I've yet to meet a straight man who's complained about this stereotype though.
1173	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	Yeah but here's the thing, I don't remember Tyrion being unlikeable at this point in the novels.  If I remember my experience of reading the books (twice), at this point he was a "good guy" who hadn't really done anything despicable yet, and he didn't really start to become the way people say he ought to be until A Dance with Dragons.First of all, Tyrion is one of my favorite charcters, and I still love him after ADwD. Everybody hated his chapters in ADwD, but I really enjoyed them.At this point of the story, Tyrion is still a "good guy", but at this point he also starts going downhill. Tyrion was always considered a "good guy", but he always had a "dark side", too. This "dark side" is exactly why he bacame one of my favorite characters in the first place.I read the books before watching the show, so this was my reaction to Tyrion when I first read the books:AGoT:Then he saw the other one, waddling along half-hidden by his brother's side. Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest. All that the gods had given to Cersei and Jaime, they had denied Tyrion. He was a dwarf, half his brother's height, struggling to keep pace on stunted legs. His head was too large for his body, with a brute's squashed-in face beneath a swollen shelf of brow. One green eye and one black one peered out from under a lank fall of hair so blond it seemed white. Jon watched him with fascination.Me: hmmmm, a dwarf? This is going to be interesting. I'll be paying attention to this guy.AGoT:"Let me give you some counsel, bastard," Lannister said. "Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armor yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you."Me: Oh, I really like this guy.AGoT:"Oh, yes. Even a stunted, twisted, ugly little boy can look down over the world when he's seated on a dragon's back." Tyrion pushed the bearskin aside and climbed to his feet. "I used to start fires in the bowels of Casterly Rock and stare at the flames for hours, pretending they were dragonfire. Sometimes I'd imagine my father burning. At other times, my sister." Jon Snow was staring at him, a look equal parts horror and fascination. Tyrion guffawed. "Don't look at me that way, bastard. I know your secret. You've dreamt the same kind of dreams."Me:Wow, this is not just a poor little dwarf fitghting in the wrong side. This guy is grey, he is actually quite dark. I LOVE TYRION!Show Tyrion never:- Said he imagined his father and sister burning when he was a kid.- Broke Marilion's fingers.- Said he participated in Tysha's rape.- Slapped Shae.- Gave the antler men to Joff so he could throw them in a trebuchet.- Poisoned Cersei.- Burned everything outside of the Mud Gate. - Threatened to rape Tommen. - Killed Symon Silver Tongue (well this hasn't happened yet, but I doubt it will)- Was convinced into marrying Sansa, and actually saw it as a benefit for himself. (we was forced, never saw it as a benefit, and heck he even told her about it)This doesn't make Tyrion a "bad guy", but it does make him a grey character. It adds depth to the character and makes him more interesting. Show Tyrion has been "whitewashed". He has become only a witty comic relief and Ned 2.0. I personally don't like it. I like flawed characters. I liked Ned, but he was never one of my favorites and I never loved him because he was too honorable and too "white" for me (that's just personally of course). I don't want a Ned 2.0, a honorable, shining armor knight in the size of a dwarf that is fighting in the wrong side. I want to see the morally ambiguous, grey, and flawed character that Tyrion is in the books. I just don't even find show Tyrion interesting.
1174	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-09	Nonsense. It is as much as it is for homosexuals. People shag, regardless of their sexual orientation, full stop. Once again you demonstrate your ignorance on this topic - maybe it's time to stop posting about something you clearly know nothing about?LGBTQ is an oppressed minority group. There are stereotypes about each one; for gay men the stereotypes include being effeminate (Show!Loras is effeminate), promiscuous (Show!Loras is promiscuous), etc. Stereotypes of an oppressed minority are harmful.Making Loras interested in fashion in the show is certainly offensive, but it wouldn't be too bad if 1) he was given other characteristics, and 2) he hadn't been changed so radically from the book character. Making him promiscuous is offensive regardless of those.But the show is also offensive in its erasure of gay characters and use of homosexuality as a joke. In the show, the effeminate gay Xaro Xhoan Daxos was turned into a masculine straight character, whilst the masculine gay Renly Baratheon was turned into an effeminate gay character. This is very offensive, for what I consider to be quite obvious reasons.I doubt Oberyn's bisexuality will be left in tact either.
1175	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	Once again you demonstrate your ignorance on this topic - maybe it's time to stop posting about something you clearly know nothing about?LGBTQ is an oppressed minority group. There are stereotypes about each one; for gay men the stereotypes include being effeminate (Show!Loras is effeminate), promiscuous (Show!Loras is promiscuous), etc. Stereotypes of an oppressed minority are harmful.Making Loras interested in fashion in the show is certainly offensive, but it wouldn't be too bad if 1) he was given other characteristics, and 2) he hadn't been changed so radically from the book character. Making him promiscuous is offensive regardless of those.But the show is also offensive in its erasure of gay characters and use of homosexuality as a joke. In the show, the effeminate gay Xaro Xhoan Daxos was turned into a masculine straight character, whilst the masculine gay Renly Baratheon was turned into an effeminate gay character. This is very offensive, for what I consider to be quite obvious reasons.I doubt Oberyn's bisexuality will be left in tact either.I perfectly know what I'm talking about, it is you who can't and don't know whether I do or not. Anyway, I'm no longer interested in this discussion.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 09 May 2013 - 08:54 AM.
1176	Zorpack	2013-05-09	@patrickstormborn I think you are right, it is offensive. Not necessarily to the gay community but certainly to the characters of the novels. I know I know, the show is the show and the books are the books. Regardless, GRRM wrote them one way and now that others are involved in the creation of an adaptation of the books it clear that two straight men (D&D) with stereotypical views of homosexuality have added their visions of what the characters should be. I've often thought that GRRM did well creating an undefined orientation of sexuality as so many characters either partake in bisexual tendencies or propose/think and talk about them.
1177	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	for gay men the stereotypes include being effeminate (Show!Loras is effeminate), promiscuous (Show!Loras is promiscuous), etc.Cant disagree that he is slightly effeminate, but promiscuous? Having casual sex with one man isn't really promiscuous. If it was clear that this was a regular occurrence  then that would classify as promiscuous.
1178	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-09	Cant disagree that he is slightly effeminate, but promiscuous? Having casual sex with one man isn't really promiscuous. If it was clear that this was a regular occurrence  then that would classify as promiscuous. He met a gay guy and in the next scene he was having sex with him. It may not be promiscuous behaviour per se but it's the sign of a promiscuous person.I perfectly know what I'm talking about, it is you who can't and don't know whether I do or not. Anyway, I'm no longer interested in this discussion. But... you don't know what you're talking about, from what I've seen. Trying to compare stereotypes of gay people to stereotypes of straight people is laughable and insulting.
1179	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	He met a gay guy and in the next scene he was having sex with him. It may not be promiscuous behaviour per se but it's the sign of a promiscuous person.But... you don't know what you're talking about, from what I've seen. Trying to compare stereotypes of gay people to stereotypes of straight people is laughable and insulting.Again, I perfectly do. But hey, feel free to laugh and be insulted. Now please, stop it, I don't want to start flames or to fill this thread with useless rabbiting.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 09 May 2013 - 09:08 AM.
1180	otomo	2013-05-09	I thought the way Loras acted by sleeping with that random guy to have cheapened him, in the books Loras was defined by his love of renly and devotion to him even after death, in the show... not as much so far.
1181	Stannis the Menace	2013-05-09	Dont get why the discussion about all the gayness is going this far (For the record im fine with it), especially since a show that has an abundance of sex/sex scenes, there is bound to be some homosexual activities as well.
Edit:Cliff notes on this homosexual debate would be helpful
					
					
							Edited by Stannis the Menace, 09 May 2013 - 09:58 AM.
1182	Silverx2	2013-05-09	ITT molehills that look like mountains.
1183	Minsc	2013-05-09	Cant disagree that he is slightly effeminate, but promiscuous? Having casual sex with one man isn't really promiscuous. If it was clear that this was a regular occurrence  then that would classify as promiscuous.Isn't Cersei constantly attacked for being a slut by sleeping with me who are not Jaime?Thus, don't Loras random flings make him a man slut?
1184	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	Isn't Cersei constantly attacked for being a slut by sleeping with me who are not Jaime?Thus, don't Loras random flings make him a man slut?ONE random fling.
1185	Minsc	2013-05-09	ONE random fling.Cersei sleeps with two people besides Jaime both at separate times, yet she is pillared for that act.Moreover, again Loras sleeping around after Renly would be like Catelyn sleeping around after Ned.
1186	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-09	On a lighter note, has Thoros replaced Varys as 'master of whispers'? /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1187	Silverx2	2013-05-09	Moreover, again Loras sleeping around after Renly would be like Catelyn sleeping around after Ned.Ned and Cat were married for 15-20 years depending on if we are talking books or show. Renly and loras were a thing for how long?Cat is in at least her late 40's in the show, she's essentially done with romance. Loras is in his prime.Basically i'm saying your comparison is garbage.
1188	Maxthestig	2013-05-09	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rlI3_sIpFqgHere is good review of the episodeAfter a re watch and more analysis I think this was the best episode of season 3 so far.The theme of death and inevitability was great.Great scenes and building tension!Loved it
1189	Ser Steven	2013-05-09	Once again you demonstrate your ignorance on this topic - maybe it's time to stop posting about something you clearly know nothing about?LGBTQ is an oppressed minority group. There are stereotypes about each one; for gay men the stereotypes include being effeminate (Show!Loras is effeminate), promiscuous (Show!Loras is promiscuous), etc. Stereotypes of an oppressed minority are harmful.Making Loras interested in fashion in the show is certainly offensive, but it wouldn't be too bad if 1) he was given other characteristics, and 2) he hadn't been changed so radically from the book character. Making him promiscuous is offensive regardless of those.But the show is also offensive in its erasure of gay characters and use of homosexuality as a joke. In the show, the effeminate gay Xaro Xhoan Daxos was turned into a masculine straight character, whilst the masculine gay Renly Baratheon was turned into an effeminate gay character. This is very offensive, for what I consider to be quite obvious reasons.I doubt Oberyn's bisexuality will be left in tact either.You are the one who is showing the ignorance. It's a stereotypes that all men are promiscuous. So no matter which slice of men you decide to cut out, they are still going to have the stereotype of being promiscuous. Gay, Straight, blue-eyed, browned eyed, tall, or short, all men will have that stereotype. It's should be no less offensive to call a gay man promiscuous then it is to call a straight man promiscuous. In other words, being gay doesn't make you any less of a man, therefore you will be hit with the same stereotypes as a man.
1190	Khal Porno	2013-05-09	You are the one who is showing the ignorance. It's a stereotypes that all men are promiscuous. So no matter which slice of men you decide to cut out, they are still going to have the stereotype of being promiscuous. Gay, Straight, blue-eyed, browned eyed, tall, or short, all men will have that stereotype. It's should be no less offensive to call a gay man promiscuous then it is to call a straight man promiscuous. In other words, being gay doesn't make you any less of a man, therefore you will be hit with the same stereotypes as a man.No you don't understand, see gay people are an oppressed minority, so they can't be presented in any media in a way that someone somewhere might think has any relation to any percieved stereotypes.
1191	go joff go	2013-05-09	I haven't read the thread yet but has anyone pointed out that Ros death at the hand of Joffrey gives Cersei Tyrion's motive for the PW.  That seems like a pretty big deal.
1192	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-09	I haven't read the thread yet but has anyone pointed out that Ros death at the hand of Joffrey gives Cersei Tyrion's motive for the PW.  That seems like a pretty big deal.Very good point, but what's she gonna say, "Tyrion mudered my son because Joffrey brutally slaughtered/murdered Tyrion's whore?"  Then again Tywin might not mind, with all the "hanging whores" death threats and all lol.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 09 May 2013 - 07:08 PM.
1193	go joff go	2013-05-09	Hell you could even make the case that Ros  was "Hung" and that Tyrion could suspect his father engineered it.  Not that I think that they will go that way
1194	Clan O'Raghallaigh	2013-05-09	Not happy with how Rob is being made out. He looks completely desperate and nobody believes he will be able to take the rock. While Unsullied loved Rob in the last two seasons, I can see them being turned off him during this season. The RW will not leave the viewers in as upset and shocked mood as the readers were.
1195	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-09	On a lighter note, has Thoros replaced Varys as 'master of whispers'? /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Whispers, people.All his lines are delivered in a soft whisper.I'll be here all week. Try the dip.
1196	Ampris	2013-05-09	I really don't want to offend you in any way, Patrick. I know this is a very delicate topic, and I am no gay man, so I cannot fully understand what it means to be bashed only for being true to one's identity.I'll just tell you that a very close relative of mine is gay. He was offended as you are now by the fact that Loras rided a mare. He said "What, gay men are too weak to mount stallions?". Now, of course it was a plot device. But, like it or not, it's the same thing as him having sex with that lad. A plot device. You may think it's a stupid one, yet it still is one. And I know many book readers who call Loras "the gay knight".But of course, this is just my point of view.*rodeHonestly riding a stallion is the worst choice. Mares and geldings are both more stable and reliable. Stallions create a lot of noise because they are driven by their testosterone instincts. Ever heard one trumpet? Sure to give away your position if you're hiding somewhere. Not a good warfare tactic.
1197	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	*rodeHonestly riding a stallion is the worst choice. Mares and geldings are both more stable and reliable. Stallions create a lot of noise because they are driven by their testosterone instincts. Ever heard one trumpet? Sure to give away your position if you're hiding somewhere. Not a good warfare tactic.Ha! Things slip my mind when I'm too busy writing a structured concept.Anyway, my relative and I were talking about the scene at the Hand's tourney!
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 10 May 2013 - 01:51 AM.
1198	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	Whispers, people.All his lines are delivered in a soft whisper.I'll be here all week. Try the dip.Thoros also sounds completely drunk when speaking High Valyrian!
1199	Ran	2013-05-10	I'll just tell you that a very close relative of mine is gay. He was offended as you are now by the fact that Loras rided a mare. He said "What, gay men are too weak to mount stallions?".Loras rides stallions elsewhereNow, of course it was a plot device. But, like it or not, it's the same thing as him having sex with that lad. A plot device. You may think it's a stupid one, yet it still is one.The characterization intended by Loras at the Hand's tourney was that the was clever. They literally spell it out after he wins: the mare was in heat, Gregor Clegane uses brutish aggressive stallions, and that made the difference. Anyone who is stuck on "But... gay guy rides a mare!!!" is being obtuse.The characterization that comes across on the show is that Loras Tyrell is totally over Renly Baratheon, and is also an idiot.Which characterization diminishes the character more? I know, I know, oh oh oh.
1200	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	Loras rides stallions elsewhereThe characterization intended by Loras at the Hand's tourney was that the was clever. They literally spell it out after he wins: the mare was in heat, Gregor Clegane uses brutish aggressive stallions, and that made the difference. Anyone who is stuck on "But... gay guy rides a mare!!!" is being obtuse.The characterization that comes across on the show is that Loras Tyrell is totally over Renly Baratheon, and is also an idiot.Which characterization diminishes the character more? I know, I know, oh oh oh.I know too, ooh ooh ooh, and I don't agree with you, ou ou ou!
1201	Khal Porno	2013-05-10	I know too, ooh ooh ooh, and I don't agree with you, ou ou ou!Hahaha!  I don't think show Loras is stupid at all, I don't get that.  Sounds like sour grapes.  Loras in the books was a dick and I didn't care one way or the other about him, I like him on the show.  Hopefully we'll see more of him.
1202	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-10	The ironborn not even in Robb's thoughts. Freeing the North completely out of the picture. Robb's giving up on the North so he can try and bring Tywin some pain is weak at best. Not too mention he has to march to the Twins so he can march on Casterly Rock(the other direction). They have completely stripped Rob of power going to the Twins. He is beaten before the RW. Robb is sunk if he lives. They really blew it on the changing of Robb storyline. Butchered!
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 10 May 2013 - 08:57 AM.
1203	Daske	2013-05-10	Having re-watched the Loras-Sansa scene I think people are wrong about the gay stereotyping in this scene.
He is clearly bored talking about fashion to start with - really doean't want to talk about the brooch/pin.
He is obviously more interested in talking about fighting than fashion. His eyes light up briefly when he talks about there being tornaments at the wedding.
He only engages with Sansa about clothes when he realises he is being unintentionally rude/acting bored, and you can see he starts to feel a bit sorry for her decides to gee her up by talking to her about something she is interested in. I mean what else might they have in common? Sure lots of highborn men of any persuasion would have some knowledge of fine clothes.
And even then it's pretty much one line in one scene about sleeves.
Joffrey had a much longer scene discussing wedding clothes a few episodes back. As did Sansa this episode. So it's not like gay men and gay men only are discussing clothes.
I thought it was quite a touching scene. By the end of it they did seem to make a wistful connection of sorts.
1204	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	The ironborn not even in Robb's thoughts. Freeing the North completely out of the picture. Robb's giving up on the North so he can try and bring Tywin some pain is weak at best. Not too mention he has to march to the Twins so he can march on Casterly Rock(the other direction).Agreed.  Taking Casterly Rock is a stupid strategic decision at this point.  He's cut off from all support/reinforcements from home, and even if he takes Casterly Rock, he'll simply have given the Lannister/Tyrell alliance a locus at which they can mass and crush him, holed up in hostile territory.
1205	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	Very good point, but what's she gonna say, "Tyrion mudered my son because Joffrey brutally slaughtered/murdered Tyrion's whore?"  Then again Tywin might not mind, with all the "hanging whores" death threats and all lol.If Tywin finds out about the Ros murder, it might trigger his little confrontation with Joffrey, where Joff gets sent to his room without supper. Not because Tywin cares about the whore, but because Joff is out of control.I agree Cersei would take it as a motive for Tyrion's killing Joffrey later. You'll recall in a Littlefinger/Tyrion scene they made a point of Littlefinger saying "I know...I know" to Tyrion about the true nature of Tyrion's relationship to Ros and Cersei's misunderstanding of it.  That plus the Penny & Grout show...bang! Tyrion's in the bag.
1206	Oakenfist	2013-05-10	One of the things that the show has failed is showcase Robb's army. I've seen numerous show watchers get confused about it. "Where are the other northern lords?", "is Robb's army just Northmen?"
D&D keep using the simplicity excuse but I think it's pure laziness on their part.
1207	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	D&D keep using the simplicity excuse but I think it's pure laziness on their part.Yes, I can already picture them: "Hey Dan, we should really explain who's in the northen army." "Nah, I don't feel like it. Let's go get a suntan instead!" "All right!".Come on.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 10 May 2013 - 11:04 AM.
1208	Silverx2	2013-05-10	lets introduce 10 northern lords, all of which are about to get killed off.
1209	gmavridis	2013-05-10	Bout time that showed up.I agree.
1210	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	lets introduce 10 northern lords, all of which are about to get killed off.And let's give 10 minutes of screen time each to develop their personalities, since there's a 100% chance each one of them is someone's favourite minor character.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 10 May 2013 - 11:20 AM.
1211	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	And let's give 10 minutes of screen time each to develop the personalities, since there's a 100% chance each one of them is someone's favourite minor character.There is kind of a sense though that there is no one at Riverrun except the Starks and the Tullys and a couple of guards, there is no real sense that he has an army anywhere, which is kind of odd, what with him fighting a war and all, no shots of the army camped around Riverrun, no other lords in his war council, if there has even been a war council, maybe they're doing it to show him as isolated, but its a bit strange.
1212	gmavridis	2013-05-10	This is taking up too much of the storyline, this Theon stuff does not need to take place so soon.All these things happen "sooner" because unlike books time works different on TV and they cannot have a character not appearing for more than 2 or 3 episodes or for a season.
1213	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	There is kind of a sense though that there is no one at Riverrun except the Starks and the Tullys and a couple of guards, there is no real sense that he has an army anywhere, which is kind of odd, what with him fighting a war and all, no shots of the army camped around Riverrun, no other lords in his war council, if there has even been a war council, maybe they're doing it to show him as isolated, but its a bit strange.Well, we've seen how huge the northerm army was in episode 3x01 (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PZyaWpLT-5U, at 0.24), and then the whole army marching toward Riverrun in episode 3x03 (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Quhibyri_AU, at 2.05). The latter even lead to a mass complaint on these boards, since the idea of moving the entire army to Riverrun because of Hoster's funeral made Robb look like a noob. So, I think the idea that the entire northen army is in Riverrun has been well established.And yes, I don't think any war council has been shown, as far as season 3 is concerned.
1214	timstanton	2013-05-10	i think people seriously underestimate how much harder it is on a show to flesh out characters, there is no inner monologue. especially on a show that has such a ridiculous amount of characters. i dont get how someone can be mad that loras projects some gay stereotypes...did i miss something THE GUY IS GAY. obviously some stereotypes about gay males might shine through...stereotypes(definitely not all) are often rooted in truth. the only thing i think the show hasnt done justice to is how upset loras was after renlys death, but that had nothing to do with being gay and more about love in general. also can a stereotypical gay male in real world 2013 really be held to the same standards as a fictional gay male in a fastasy world with smoke babys, dragons and whitewalkers?
1215	Khal Porno	2013-05-10	My gay friends who are interested in fashion as well as the ones who like to have sex with other men whom they aren't dating should be ashamed of themselves for perpetuating gay stereotypes.
1216	Greatnails	2013-05-11	We are not talking about your friends, who are interested in whatever they may like, but about Loras Tyrell, a character who is from the books. 
GRRM didn't make Loras interested in fashion (Renly however is) and I don't think the TV show should. Gay people being interested n fashion IS a stereotype (of course anyone can like anything, thats not the point). It's not OOC (we don't know) but it's pointless. Plus Loras being the only gay character alive at this point, it will be better if he's not a living clichA. The books did well at showing different homosexual characters who were not define by their sexuality.
Same goes for the squire thing, but this time it is clearly OOC.
1217	Ran	2013-05-11	Well, to be fair, Loras Tyrell dresses fashionably. So I wouldn't say he's uninterested. But I don't think that babbling about gowns really conveys the character. His conversation with Sansa in ASoS is probably a much better depiction of the way he carries himself and conducts conversations than what they gave us in the show.
1218	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	Well, to be fair, Loras Tyrell dresses fashionably. So I wouldn't say he's uninterested. But I don't think that babbling about gowns really conveys the character. His conversation with Sansa in ASoS is probably a much better depiction of the way he carries himself and conducts conversations than what they gave us in the show.I agree, although maybe the two conversations took place in different "emotional situations"; feeling awkward with the girl you've just been told will be your wife, whom you've barely ever spoken with, whom you don't like (since you're gay) could be acceptable, at the beginning. But I think he managed to show proper manners, after that first moment of awkwardness.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 11 May 2013 - 04:20 AM.
1219	Daske	2013-05-11	We are not talking about your friends, who are interested in whatever they may like, but about Loras Tyrell, a character who is from the books.GRRM didn't make Loras interested in fashion (Renly however is) and I don't think the TV show should. Gay people being interested n fashion IS a stereotype (of course anyone can like anything, thats not the point). It's not OOC (we don't know) but it's pointless. Plus Loras being the only gay character alive at this point, it will be better if he's not a living clichA. The books did well at showing different homosexual characters who were not define by their sexuality.Same goes for the squire thing, but this time it is clearly OOC.But not OOC for the TV version. It's 100% accurate in that regard.Loras is hardly a 'living cliche' because he had casual sex with one other person and one line about clothes.
1220	poggo	2013-05-11	Well, I think that scene with Loras Tyrell was done very well.It didnt seem to me, that he was totally a fan of dresses ect. it was more that he was trying to have a nice warm conversation witha poor girl which he is totally not interested in. (But will soon have to marry)For me, the actor clearly tried to experess, that he would have rather talked about the tournament, than the dresses. -> But was intelligent enough to realize, that this wouldnt be a nice topic for a little girl.This matches perfectly with how Margaery ties to interact with Joffrey. (No, she isnt totally into tombs and crossbows either...)
1221	Ran	2013-05-11	... could be acceptable, at the beginning.We've had three brief scenes with Loras this season. In two of those scenes he comes across as rather dumb, clumsy in his conversation, and also well over Renly.When you have very few scenes for a minor character, it seems to me that it's essential that those scenes convey the character you want to convey. This is why the Blackfish has been consistently depicted as a tough guy, for example -- they want to make an impression that this is, well, a tough guy. With Loras, what they've conveyed this season is something rather a lot weaker, and rather a lot weaker than the character in the novel.They could have easily handled this sort of thing. This scene could have played off more like his very first scene with Sansa, where you can tell he's not really interested but he's not sitting their in awkward silence or saying inane things, and there you go -- not particularly interested, but not a dimwit. (He's not supposed to be stupid, by the by -- I just recalled Catelyn thinking that he appeared lively and intelligent).
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 11 May 2013 - 07:28 AM.
1222	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	When you have very few scenes for a minor character, it seems to me that it's essential that those scenes convey the character you want to convey.Well, they did that, didn't they? Only they didn't want to convey what others wanted them to convey!
1223	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-11	Well, they did that, didn't they? Only they didn't want to convey what others wanted them to convey! They reduced him to an idiot and a gay stereotype. Considering he's the only gay character in the show (and considering the other offensive portrayals of gay characters in the past on this show), it's insulting and offensive.
1224	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	They reduced him to an idiot and a gay stereotype. Considering he's the only gay character in the show (and considering the other offensive portrayals of gay characters in the past on this show), it's insulting and offensive.I couldn't agree less, but hey, does it matter? You have every right to feel that way.
1225	poggo	2013-05-11	They reduced him to an idiot and a gay stereotype. Considering he's the only gay character in the show (and considering the other offensive portrayals of gay characters in the past on this show), it's insulting and offensive.Well... not at all.Sure, they didnt make him as though as some people wanted him to be.And the part where he was stupid, just to serve the plot, was bad indeed.But in this episode, he was neither an idiot nor a stereotype.If you look at the character overall, it might indeed go dangeously in that direction, but its still miles away from "insulting and offensive".
1226	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-11	Well... not at all.Sure, they didnt make him as though as some people wanted him to be.And the part where he was stupid, just to serve the plot, was bad indeed.But in this episode, he was neither an idiot nor a stereotype.If you look at the character overall, it might indeed go dangeously in that direction, but its still miles away from "insulting and offensive". They didn't make him as tough as GRRM intended him to be. Why not?He was stupid in this episode too - he could barely hold a conversation with Sansa.It's an insulting presentation of the only gay character in the show, which makes it pretty offensive to me when combined with the erasure of Xaro Xhoan Daxos's homosexuality and the equally insulting portrayal of Renly Baratheon.
1227	poggo	2013-05-11	They didn't make him as tough as GRRM intended him to be. Why not?He was stupid in this episode too - he could barely hold a conversation with Sansa.It's an insulting presentation of the only gay character in the show, which makes it pretty offensive to me when combined with the erasure of Xaro Xhoan Daxos's homosexuality and the equally insulting portrayal of Renly Baratheon.1. I have to admit, that I see this as a bad decision from the showwriters too.2. He clearly wasnt in his element. Even, if you are intelligent, you will struggle a bit in new situations.BUT he tied to be nice and even realized what topics he should avoid, and what might be of interest for such a girl.
1228	Cas Stark	2013-05-11	They didn't make him as tough as GRRM intended him to be. Why not?He was stupid in this episode too - he could barely hold a conversation with Sansa.It's an insulting presentation of the only gay character in the show, which makes it pretty offensive to me when combined with the erasure of Xaro Xhoan Daxos's homosexuality and the equally insulting portrayal of Renly Baratheon. What was insulting about Show Renly's portrayal?  While I thought they missed an opportunity with his character having decided to show the homosexuality in a direct way, unlike in the books, I don't see what was insulting about his portrayal.
1229	Dove	2013-05-11	I don't remember show-Renly all that much so I'm curious about that too. The only strong impression he left me with was that he was generally a nicer person than his book counterpart, but more naive and less clever overall as well. (and even that could be mistaken, like I said, I barely remember his portrayal)
1230	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-11	What was insulting about Show Renly's portrayal?  While I thought they missed an opportunity with his character having decided to show the homosexuality in a direct way, unlike in the books, I don't see what was insulting about his portrayal. Show!Renly couldn't even look at his own blood, he was manipulated by his boyfriend into starting a war, he was never shown to have any military ability, he lacked charisma, etc. He was a complete shadow of the character we got in the books; all his various character traits were either toned down or replaced with stereotypical gay characteristics.
1231	Cas Stark	2013-05-11	Show!Renly couldn't even look at his own blood, he was manipulated by his boyfriend into starting a war, he was never shown to have any military ability, he lacked charisma, etc. He was a complete shadow of the character we got in the books; all his various character traits were either toned down or replaced with stereotypical gay characteristics.I will agree that they should have upped the charisma quotient, but I don't remember Book Renly having any military ability etiher and I don't agree that Loras manipulated him.  Book Renly had some stereotypical traits as well, namely his love of pageantry and of being the best, most richly dressed guy in Westeros.I did think they spent too little time building up his character, especially the fact of how he was able to relate to high and low born people and bring them in as his allies..but then I always thought Book Renly would have been a good king, better than Stannis, LOL.
1232	lostinasia	2013-05-11	I don't remember show-Renly all that much so I'm curious about that too. The only strong impression he left me with was that he was generally a nicer person than his book counterpart, but more naive and less clever overall as well. (and even that could be mistaken, like I said, I barely remember his portrayal)Wasn't he afraid of blood, and Loras cut him on the chest to try to force him to deal with that? That definitely weakened the character somewhat.I have mild problems with the depiction of Loras, but I wouldn't call it offensive: somewhat worrying or off-putting, yeah, but offensive to me would be if he were limp-wristed and going on to Sansa about "Oh, girl, you don't know a THING about what to wear!", and so on. But maybe that's just my use of the word: I'd reserve offensive for something that would simply make me stop watching the show, something going way into racist or sexist or homophobic stereotypes (I'd say the wedding of Dany and Khal Drogo was the worst the show has gone in that direction, and that was only barely saved by the fact that the Dothraki don't really exist). There's definitely a bit of the gay stereotype to the way they're handling Loras, but offensive? No - it's not that bad. Reserve that for books or shows that present "Killing f**s" or gay people as a positive thing.(Edited to asterisk out an offensive word because I realized I'm not too sure what the rules are here.)
					
					
							Edited by lostinasia, 11 May 2013 - 08:58 AM.
1233	Dove	2013-05-11	I forgot about that. Eeehhhh, yeah I can see where people are coming from with Renly. It says a lot that I still barely remember him outside of that Margaery scene even though I've re-watched S2 somewhat recently.It probably would have been better if Loras' awkward date with Sansa had involved him going on about tourneys or something rather than fashion, but IDK. Maybe the sudden interest in fashion is because of Renly's influence(wasn't Renly big into that in the books too?), or he was just going over common ground with Sansa to make that whole thing less awkward and more comfortable.Agreed with most of you in that they could handle Loras a lot better, but I don't think the character is necessarily 'ruined' or anything. His scenes lately have kind of sucked but they don't undo the awesome stuff that's already established him like him beating Gregor, right? Plus we have no idea where this portrayal is headed.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 11 May 2013 - 09:08 AM.
1234	poggo	2013-05-11	...I have mild problems with the depiction of Loras, but I wouldn't call it offensive: somewhat worrying or off-putting, yeah, but offensive to me would be if he were limp-wristed and going on to Sansa about "Oh, girl, you don't know a THING about what to wear!", and so on. ...I think, thats a good way to put it. Its *overall* a bit in the "worrying"-department.But as I said, I was actually quite pleased with the character in this episode.The interaction with sansa was spot on if you ask me.- They will be married soon, so weddings are a fitting toppic.- You can see, that his personal point interest lie more in the tournament/fighting- He is nice enough to try to talk about stuff, she might be interested in.*- As he isnt used to this type of conversation, so he comes off a bit clumsy.*To go on about tourneys or something, would have been an option, but then he would have come of much more egoistic.If he was just a Hound in white armor, then people would have been: "Sansa is better of with Tyrion"
1235	Daske	2013-05-11	Well, I think that scene with Loras Tyrell was done very well.It didnt seem to me, that he was totally a fan of dresses ect. it was more that he was trying to have a nice warm conversation with a poor girl which he is totally not interested in. (But will soon have to marry)For me, the actor clearly tried to experess, that he would have rather talked about the tournament, than the dresses. -> But was intelligent enough to realize, that this wouldnt be a nice topic for a little girl.This matches perfectly with how Margaery ties to interact with Joffrey. (No, she isnt totally into tombs and crossbows either...)Spot on. Some people are so busy trying to find some spurious reason why the show isn't as good as the book that they they can't appreciate what are actually really good scenes.Some of these little 'quiet' scenes are the underated gems of the series imo (I think my favourite being the S1 Ned/Arya 'no, that's not me' scene).
1236	Maxthestig	2013-05-11	https://www.youtube....h?v=rlI3_sIpFqgHere is my review.I thought it was great. Despite a lack of action and other things, I think this episode is the thinking persons episode. It was great!
1237	Janicia	2013-05-11	My reaction to Ros' death was that Margery is in trouble.  We've seen Margery twist Joffrey around her finger this season; I think it was important to see a brutal demonstration of the limits of that approach.  
I liked that Loras and Sansa managed to make a connection, but it is hard to imagine that would have been a happy marriage.  Somebody on here pointed out that it is interesting that Shae knew of the proposal but apparently hadn't told Tyrion.  It kind of seems like Shae and Tyrion are not currently sleeping together, since Tyrion decided it was too risky, so maybe she hadn't had a chance?  Or maybe she prefers being a maid to being a mistress?
1238	Minsc	2013-05-11	If he was just a Hound in white armor, then people would have been: "Sansa is better of with Tyrion"Seeing how they have already done that I don't see why it would matter.
1239	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-11	If he was just a Hound in white armor, then people would have been: "Sansa is better of with Tyrion"Eeerrrr. One of my friends thinks Tyrion is way better for Sansa. The unsullied of the TWoP, think Tyrion is "the purest definition of good, strong, and kind" and that he is the kind of man that Ned would have wanted Sansa to marry. (thanks to the "whitewashing"). Another friend hates Sansa. He cannot stand her, he says she is incerdibly stupid and dumb and wants her to have a terrible death. He thinks that Tyrion doesn't deserve to be married to such person, and hopes she dies before the wedding so Tyrion doesn't have to marry her. Soo......what's your point again?
1240	rmholt	2013-05-12	Fringed sleeves, not French, I'd guess.Closed captioning agrees
1241	rmholt	2013-05-12	My reaction to Ros' death was that Margery is in trouble.  We've seen Margery twist Joffrey around her finger this season; I think it was important to see a brutal demonstration of the limits of that approach.  Joff is a bully.  He wouldnt dare touch Margaery.
1242	rmholt	2013-05-12	They didn't make him as tough as GRRM intended him to be. Why not?He was stupid in this episode too - he could barely hold a conversation with Sansa.It's an insulting presentation of the only gay character in the show, which makes it pretty offensive to me when combined with the erasure of Xaro Xhoan Daxos's homosexuality and the equally insulting portrayal of Renly Baratheon.Hello this isnt a Human Rights Campaign film, it's a story with characters.ANd i watched it again and didnt hate it as much.  I liked the scene with the very young and romantic Sansa and Loras getting to know one another.As a white person I was offended they made XXD black.  Not!!!
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 12 May 2013 - 12:16 AM.
1243	poggo	2013-05-12	Seeing how they have already done that I don't see why it would matter.Yes, some people see it that way.And characters like the Hound also have much more female fans, than the GRRM would have imagined.But I dont think, thats a problem of the books or the show. It is in general just very difficult to see, what type of impact a grey character is gonna have on people. (Although Tyrion comes of a bit too white in the show maybe...)So you have 2 things: The intention and image of the writer, and the perception of the audience.I mean... who is torturing Theon? Even if you dont know the book, you actually have the hint of the trumpet, the bolton-sigil and the fact, that Lord bolton said, he sends his bastard to free winterfell. They even tell you, he is no no karstark. (So not too much factions left in the show)Now you could say, that it is actually pretty clear who he is.Still, I dont think, most people who watch the show "know".But the intent is clear, that you could know if you really wanted. (But its still not 100% sure)And I guess, that with the sansa-tyrion thing its the same.You arent forced to see, why thats such a bad situation, but you could.But if you arent given the "hint", that Lorras tries to be nice to Sansa, then the "she is better of with tyrion" would be not only the perception, but also the truth.
					
					
							Edited by poggo, 12 May 2013 - 05:02 AM.
1244	Minsc	2013-05-12	Yes, some people see it that way.And characters like the Hound also have much more female fans, than the GRRM would have imagined.But I dont think, thats a problem of the books or the show. It is in general just very difficult to see, what type of impact a grey character is gonna have on people. (Although Tyrion comes of a bit too white in the show maybe...)So you have 2 things: The intention and image of the writer, and the perception of the audience.Show Tyrion would give Arthur Dayne and Barristan Selmy a run for their money in the contest for Truest Knight.  The fact is they have yet present any reasonable explanation of why shouldn't be automatically happy with Tyrion why repeatedly hitting us over the head why the Loras match wouldn't be good.
1245	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Which Tyrion's actions in the books have been omitted in the show that so many people say he's whitewashed? I'm not saying he isn't, just surprised so many people feel so strongly about it, i haven't really noticed him to be a way better person than in the books. He's a whoremonger in the books and the show, he protects Sansa in books and the show etc. I really feel like he is the same person in both, and i recall a GRRM interview in which he also said that Peter Dinklage's portrayal of Tyrion is the closest to the book.
1246	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	Which Tyrion's actions in the books have been omitted in the show that so many people say he's whitewashed? I'm not saying he isn't, just surprised so many people feel so strongly about it, i haven't really noticed him to be a way better person than in the books. He's a whoremonger in the books and the show, he protects Sansa in books and the show etc. I really feel like he is the same person in both, and i recall a GRRM interview in which he also said that Peter Dinklage's portrayal of Tyrion is the closest to the book.Show Tyrion never:- Said he imagined his father and sister burning when he was a kid.- Broke Marilion's fingers.- Said he participated in Tysha's rape.- Slapped Shae.- Gave the antler men to Joff so he could throw them with a trebuchet.- Poisoned Cersei.- Burned everything outside of the Mud Gate.- Threatened to rape Tommen.- Killed Symon Silver Tongue (well this hasn't happened yet, but I doubt it will)- Was convinced into marrying Sansa, and actually saw it as a benefit for himself. (he was forced, never saw it as a benefit, and heck he even told her about it)I watch (or read?) an interview with GRRM where they asked him what portrayal he liked the most. He said that Tyrion because he thinks Dinklage makes him stand out whenever he is on screen, but he also said that Dinklage's Tyrion is quite different from his.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 12 May 2013 - 09:41 AM.
1247	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Show Tyrion never:- Said he imagined his father and sister burning when he was a kid.- Broke Marilion's fingers.- Said he participated in Tysha's rape.- Slapped Shae.- Gave the antler men to Joff so he could throw them with a trebuchet.- Poisoned Cersei.- Burned everything outside of the Mud Gate.- Threatened to rape Tommen.- Killed Symon Silver Tongue (well this hasn't happened yet, but I doubt it will)- Was convinced into marrying Sansa, and actually saw it as a benefit for himself. (he was forced, never saw it as a benefit, and heck he even told her about it)I watch (or read? I don't remember) an interview with GRRM where they asked him what portrayal he liked the most. He said that Tyrion because he thinks Dinklage makes him stand out whenever he is on screen, but he also said that Dinklage's Tyrion is very different from his.Yeah i see it now, he definitely is more ruthless and vengeful in the books. Still i believe the bigger problem in this context is Loras. He's portrayed as an utter asshole in the show, it's almost as if they told the actor "ok just behave really arrogant, we'll throw in multiple gay scenes, and it should be fine". Book Tyrion at least defends Sansa from Joffrey and as we see later is rather kind to her (as kind as you can be to a wife whose family was butchered by your family really).
1248	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	Yeah i see it now, he definitely is more ruthless and vengeful in the books. Still i believe the bigger problem in this context is Loras. He's portrayed as an utter asshole in the show, it's almost as if they told the actor "ok just behave really arrogant, we'll throw in multiple gay scenes, and it should be fine". Book Tyrion at least defends Sansa from Joffrey and as we see later is rather kind to her (as kind as you can be to a wife whose family was butchered by your family really).I don't see Loras as an asshole in the show but I do think it was a bad move to have him fall into bed with the first random guy who approached him and blab about fringed sleeves....Season 2 Loras who had to be practically forced to leave Renly's corpse and only did so with the promise of living for revenge seems to have been body snatched and replaced by Really Gay Loras Who Likes Casual Sex And Clothes, which is a shame.
1249	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	I don't see Loras as an asshole in the show but I do think it was a bad move to have him fall into bed with the first random guy who approached him and blab about fringed sleeves....Season 2 Loras who had to be practically forced to leave Renly's corpse and only did so with the promise of living for revenge seems to have been body snatched and replaced by Really Gay Loras Who Likes Casual Sex And Clothes, which is a shame./biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Well said. Dunno maybe you're right,  now that i think of all the arrogant remarks he makes in the show, they are actually somewhere in the books as well (like not admitting Brienne beat him in that tourney for example).
1250	Janicia	2013-05-12	Joff is a bully.  He wouldnt dare touch Margaery.Joffrey is an absolute monarch, and his behavior is escalating.  Margery would not be safe with him for long.
1251	Daske	2013-05-12	I don't see Loras as an asshole in the show but I do think it was a bad move to have him fall into bed with the first random guy who approached him and blab about fringed sleeves....Season 2 Loras who had to be practically forced to leave Renly's corpse and only did so with the promise of living for revenge seems to have been body snatched and replaced by Really Gay Loras Who Likes Casual Sex And Clothes, which is a shame.And yet if you listen carefully to what is talking about with the sleeves you will see that he is thinking about Renly.
1252	rohit39	2013-05-12	Will we get to meet Coldhands this season?
1253	rohit39	2013-05-12	Also, they haven't shown any fire visions by either Thoros or Mel yet right? Are they considering eliminating that from the show? Or would it be shown at a later time? Because nothing like now to introduce this ability amongst the Priests of Rhllor.
1254	Ampris	2013-05-12	Also, they haven't shown any fire visions by either Thoros or Mel yet right? Are they considering eliminating that from the show? Or would it be shown at a later time? Because nothing like now to introduce this ability amongst the Priests of Rhllor.Yes they did. They showed Melisandre showing the visions to Stannis. Don't remember the episode.
1255	Zman1863	2013-05-12	Also, they haven't shown any fire visions by either Thoros or Mel yet right? Are they considering eliminating that from the show? Or would it be shown at a later time? Because nothing like now to introduce this ability amongst the Priests of Rhllor.They've shown Melisandre showing Stannis some sort of vision in the flames, though we don't see what he sees. In the books themselves we don't really get a good view of the fire visions until book 5 in Melisandre's POV chapter. But they have certainly been mentioned as part of her arsenal of abilities. I think we can infer that the flames are how she knew where to find Gendry. They ought to have made it a little clearer that that was how she found the brotherhood. Without the explanation it might look slightly absurd. And yet if you listen carefully to what is talking about with the sleeves you will see that he is thinking about Renly.I agree. At first when that Loras sex scene happened I thought it wasn't true to the character. But on further reflection I think there was room for some flexibility without it being character assassination. It's possible that people going through a loss like Loras could use sex as a coping mechanism while at the same time feeling like they'll never love again. The sleeves thing might be criticized as using a classic gay stereotype, but it at least demonstrated that there's more going on in his head than pure rebound.
1256	Astaolor	2013-05-20	I took that as Arya will be a brown eyed person, a blue eyed person, and a green eyed person. You know, a person with many faces.Yeah, that's how I interpreted that seen also.I was confused when I came in here reading about how it means she will kill people with those eye colors /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1257	Ran	2013-05-05	Spoiler-free discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode without any reference to the books whatsoever or other spoiler material
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
1258	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	Edited:1. Song of the seven!!! Im also glad they pointed out the dragonglass dagger2. Meera/Osha rivalvy at it's finest! lol3. Snow, Crow, "dont ever betray me!" OMG Stare at her ass alll day Jon snow!4. GUESSING GAAAMES!!!5. Edmure's face. PRICELESS!6. ROOOOOOOOOOOSSSSE ROOSE ROOSE ROOOSE! hahaha i love that man. omg frilly pink dress7. Tywin's straight face through this convo makes me laugh so hard. Well played Tywin!8. HANGING ON BY HIS MEMBER!!!9. This play is awful! (no not a typo)10.awkward indeed11. "I've counted." "I'm sure you have." "The lysa arryn of chairs!" "Chaos is a ladder"13. OMG DEAD ROS!14. And yes, crying sansa lost her chance to go with littlefinger watches his ship sail for the Vale.nice ending. a bit cliche but awesome episode. 9/10 maybe. gave me lots to love.Oh... i almost forgot the Mel part... that was pretty nifty actually. Wasnt expecting her to take him away so quickly. Did anyone else get a Syrio feeling when Anguy was teaching arya to LOOK WITH HER EYES!?edit again: What Mel said to Arya made me cringe a little. But interesting foreshadowing for her. Is she really going to meet Mel again? Their dynamic might be interesting to watch at a later date.Will Arya add Melisandre to her evening prayers?
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 05 May 2013 - 09:11 PM.
1259	Druze	2013-05-05	My night is light and full of excitement!
1260	mafalda	2013-05-05	My night is light and full of excitement!lmao, me too!
1261	Arrow	2013-05-05	I was really surprised when Mel was so taken aback by Thoros and Beric's interactions, like she didn't see that coming - "You shouldn't have this power" - she was genuinely shocked, and showed a bit of fear as all evil ones show when confronted with someone who might be more powerful - what if Thoros is in reality far more powerful than she is, and he hides it behind the drunken clown facade? Maybe not, but it's still very interesting, the contrast between her style and Thoros's in serving the LoL.
Those two sons of Walder Frey were a couple of prizes, weren't they? Eww. With those as examples of his genetic-based outcomes, no wonder Edmure wanted to see his future bride first. The Starks and Tullys looked like choices for People Magazine's 50 Beautiful People next to those two.
Jojen is having seizures - is he going to survive the series, or die out before the end? He seems very frail.
Poor Sansa, still stuck in a nightmare. Does the girl ever catch a break? And Joffrey is being made to look horrible-awful-repulsive-crazy-quite-mad-you-know - I accidentally read somewhere about his future - yeah, I stumbled onto a spoiler, but I don't mind. Looks like they're prepping us, the TV-only audience, to really despise him so that what happens seems okay to us.
The near-fall of Jon and Ygritte was frightening - Jon Snow, you're my hero! Their relationship doesn't look quite so cobbled-together now.
1262	RedChick	2013-05-05	Wasn't really impressed with this episode to be honest. I guess they're setting up an arc for the next episodes?
I felt like there wasn't a lot of plot progress in this one.
Jon's storyline this season - I'm really not sure where they are going with this one.
I did enjoy the scene between Tywin and Olenna though.
But yeah I can't really think of much right now.
					
					
							Edited by RedChick, 05 May 2013 - 10:00 PM.
1263	Ghost of Harrenhal	2013-05-05	"a true sword swallower through and through".
that line really got me
1264	Brooke	2013-05-05	Did Joffrey murder little finger's working girl? Who set sail and why was Sansa so upset?
1265	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Did Joffrey murder little finger's working girl? Who set sail and why was Sansa so upset?Littlefinger gives her to Joffrey after finding out she was spying.Littlefinger then sets sail to the Vale and Sansa is crying because he was her last hope out of King's Landing after finding out she is being forced to marry Tyrion.
1266	Lion of Judah	2013-05-06	I know the show is different from the books, but is anyone else a bit shocked at how drastically they have changed things in the show?
1267	Arrow	2013-05-06	When Lord Bolton said maybe he should kill both Jaime and Brienne and burn their bodies, it made me suddenly fear him - he's much more cruel and ruthless than he's been letting on. His banners have that bloody body on them - I think they've been hiding his real personality and I think he's got something really horrible planned for Brienne. He has to know he's not going to get any sapphires for her in ransom.  Now I'm nervous for Brienne and Gendry both.
I'm beginning to think Westeros is the most dangerous place I've ever seen in any fiction tale. It's hard to stay alive and in one piece there!
1268	Arrow	2013-05-06	I know the show is different from the books, but is anyone else a bit shocked at how drastically they have changed things in the show?I think most of the people on this thread haven't read the books or like me, haven't read as far yet as the events in the TV show version. So it's hard to know how things have been changed.
1269	Typhaon	2013-05-06	This tale is full of mystery and misdirection.  
If you think you've figured something out... you might be surprised how that changes not only your view of things going forward... but your view on quite a lot of scenes in previous episodes (seasons), even.
1270	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-06	ive read everything but i really enjoy opinions of people who havent been spoiled. I just saw otakuassemble's video review and laughed my ass off at his optimism.
But yes there's a LOT of deviation from the books and i was pretty shocked about some of it. Though i read the synopsis of the episodes so knew mel was coming for gendry anyway (also from the interviews on yt)
edit: i also like how the show has changed my original opinion on the characters. in the book i hated the boltons but in the show i adore them. Jaime and Tywin too. the actors are really something. And as much as I adore kit harrington because he is a fanboy of the series. the writers have modified his arc too much i think. But i still loved the cave scene and his chemistry with ygritte. (its cute cause they're dating irl) and the last scene was awesome but cheezy. foreshadowing a little with the eagle and orell. And ygritte in the book didnt really think he was still a crow. so for them to admit he really is 2-facing the wildlings makes me sad. you can kinda tell he's going to do something.
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 06 May 2013 - 02:38 AM.
1271	RedChick	2013-05-06	I know the show is different from the books, but is anyone else a bit shocked at how drastically they have changed things in the show?I'm in the middle of ACOK right now and haven't watched season 2 in awhile, but I do remember some major deviations from season 2 while reading the book; i.e. Dany's storyline is almost completely different in the books and it makes more sense tbh. All in all, I do think some deviations on the show are interesting or I do enjoy the show for exploring some characters that are barely in the books (i.e. Yoren definitely got a badass upgrade, I loved all his scenes in the show).I am somewhat disappointed with some things though (the Hound on the show for instance; an almost completely different complex character in the book).
					
					
							Edited by RedChick, 06 May 2013 - 04:28 AM.
1272	TyrionsFlagon	2013-05-06	Did anybody catch Loras, speaking to Sansa, say, "French sleeves"? C'mon writers, we're in Westeros here. We could at least have called them "Myrish Sleeves."
1273	mafalda	2013-05-06	Did anybody catch Loras, speaking to Sansa, say, "French sleeves"? C'mon writers, we're in Westeros here. We could at least have called them "Myrish Sleeves."He said "fringed sleeves".
1274	TyrionsFlagon	2013-05-06	He said "fringed sleeves".HAAAA! I need subtitles /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1275	trearu	2013-05-06	Damn! The expectation, raised by the last episodes, ruined this one.
After bathtub-confessions, slaver-massacres and chair moving none of the scenes of this episodes really stood out that much.
Except for the torture. The actor of "boy" is just perfect as sadist.
I don t get why some people dislike his scenes, claiming they go nowhere. Haven t they been paying attention? If it was not obvious enough before. The boy practically spelled it out this episode. He let Theon run in a cycle to find out, what he could not find out with torture and continues to "screw" with him, because torture amuses him. (and considering there haven t been mentioned that many houses of the north until now, it should at last be obvious for everyone who he is)
One missed opportunity annoys me in this episode very much: Why the hell didn't they add Margaery to the crossbow scene?
					
					
							Edited by trearu, 06 May 2013 - 11:42 AM.
1276	theJoker501	2013-05-06	HAAAA! I need subtitles /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I thought he said French sleeves also, but I thought about it for a second and realized it was "Fringed". Lol It would be easy for confusion there.
1277	A_man_Is_Happy	2013-05-06	Ok enough of this Theon's torture man. Cant take it any more. I dont know what writers are doing but since the first episode of this season, all we saw of Theon is his torture...please move on already. and those scenes are really irritating. Point made. Move on for gods sake- please. I hope I will see something different on Theon, next week. Rest of the episode very good - little finger is real badass.
1278	Typhaon	2013-05-06	Damn! The expectation, raised by the last episodes, ruined this one.After bathtub-confessions, slaver-massacres and chair moving none of the scenes of this episodes really stood out that much.Except for the torture. The actor of "boy" is just perfect as sadist.I don t get why some people dislike his scenes, claiming they go nowhere. Haven t they been paying attention? If it was not obvious enough before. The boy practically spelled it out this episode. He let Theon run in a cycle to find out, what he could not find out with torture and continues to "screw" with him, because torture amuses him. (and considering there haven t been mentioned that many houses of the north until now, it should at last be obvious for everyone who he is)One missed opportunity annoys me in this episode very much: Why the hell didn't they add Margaery to the crossbow scene?To be fair - a lot of us have the benefit of having read the books and know where everything is basically heading.  We see the things in the background of scenes, hear the references and know what to look for... but if you're a casual viewer - aren't the type to watch and re-watch previous episodes/seasons... and, perhaps, happen to miss the 'previous scenes' part of the show... those 'spell-it-out' bits of dialogue are (though sometimes funny... remember Selmy's re-introduciton?) a big help to viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Typhaon, 06 May 2013 - 03:13 PM.
1279	Arrow	2013-05-06	Ok enough of this Theon's torture man. Cant take it any more. I dont know what writers are doing but since the first episode of this season, all we saw of Theon is his torture...please move on already. and those scenes are really irritating. Point made. Move on for gods sake- please. I hope I will see something different on Theon, next week. Rest of the episode very good - little finger is real badass.I agree completely - watching something so disturbing without knowing WTH is going on, or why it's happening, is really hard. I finally put 2 and 2 together and realized the guy torturing Theon is connected to Roose Bolton - duh - so I gave in to my curiosity this morning, and read about the Bolton clan on Wiki, and some chapter synopses, so I could find out what happens to Theon. My gut feeling about his future was correct. I also researched a few other things, just because I couldn't wait to find out. I fed myself a great big spoiler, but it's such a relief that so many things make so much more sense now. We TV-only and part TV/part book people have been floundering around a bit, trying to make a lot of fairly obscure things line up correctly.I'm still reading the books and will continue, because there will be much more detail, and because I really like GRRM's writing.
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 06 May 2013 - 04:25 PM.
1280	mafalda	2013-05-06	I agree completely - watching something so disturbing without knowing WTH is going on, or why it's happening, is really hard. I finally put 2 and 2 together and realized the guy torturing Theon is connected to Roose Bolton - duh - so I gave in to my curiosity this morning, and read about the Bolton clan on Wiki, and some chapter synopses, so I could find out what happens to Theon. My gut feeling about his future was correct. I also researched a few other things, just because I couldn't wait to find out. I fed myself a great big spoiler, but it's such a relief that so many things make so much more sense now. We TV-only and part TV/part book people have been floundering around a bit, trying to make a lot of fairly obscure things line up correctly.I'm still reading the books and will continue, because there will be much more detail, and because I really like GRRM's writing.The writers will be driving more and more people to do this (looking up the info). Sorry you had to spoil arcs for yourself.. I read all the books and know what's coming yet I am sick and tired of the Theon scenes. Skip over them or give him something to do already. They're gross, no one wants to watch episode after episode of close up shots of nails entering feet and fingers being sliced off. And the whole "mystery" aspect has lost its appeal. It's irritating to the point where no one cares where he's at and who boy is. It's six episodes into the season and they're still trying to play that hand? Give me a break.
1281	Ghost of Harrenhal	2013-05-06	I'm a bit confused about theons part because he doesn't seem to have a POV in asos. Im about 400 pages in and know nothing about this story line in the show
1282	Lyanna Stark-Baratheon	2013-05-07	Ok enough of this Theon's torture man. Cant take it any more. I dont know what writers are doing but since the first episode of this season, all we saw of Theon is his torture...please move on already. and those scenes are really irritating. Point made. Move on for gods sake- please. I hope I will see something different on Theon, next week. Rest of the episode very good - little finger is real badass."If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention"- Bastard of the Dreadfort
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark-Baratheon, 07 May 2013 - 04:05 AM.
1283	Arrow	2013-05-07	I'm a bit confused about theons part because he doesn't seem to have a POV in asos. Im about 400 pages in and know nothing about this story line in the showI read about Lord Bolton, which led me to information about the one they're calling "Boy" in the show, then to Theon and his future. If I read the character descriptions and chapter summaries correctly, I think Theon disappeared for a couple of books and then reappeared in a later volume, very much changed.
1284	Arrow	2013-05-07	The thing is, they haven't mentioned in the show yet who that the guy is.
Everyone's just calling him "Boy" or "the Boy".
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 07 May 2013 - 07:55 AM.
1285	Darkstar For King	2013-05-07	This topic is No Spoilers and yet you are revealing some information, I advice non-book readers to stay away from the last few comments.
	Spoiler Like revealing that Boy is connected to Bolton, pretty sure that's not reavealed in the show yet and the Bastard of the dreadfort comment. 

					
					
							Edited by Darkstar For King, 07 May 2013 - 02:23 AM.
1286	Arrow	2013-05-07	Good point. I un-spoiler-ed my comment! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 07 May 2013 - 12:51 PM.
1287	Scruff	2013-05-08	Hi there, I just joined and can't wait to sink my teeth into a couple of threads in this forum. Concerning this episode, I wrote a short analysis of Petyr's closing monologue earlier and was just wondering if you could check it out. It deals with Chaos Theory and how it relates to the characters; society and how it's changed and plenty more. http://thedailyshift...interpretation/
1288	Raion Laion	2013-05-09	Hi there, I just joined and can't wait to sink my teeth into a couple of threads in this forum. Concerning this episode, I wrote a short analysis of Petyr's closing monologue earlier and was just wondering if you could check it out. It deals with Chaos Theory and how it relates to the characters; society and how it's changed and plenty more. http://thedailyshift...interpretation/Hey Scruff. I like to support young bloggers and give a try at their suggested articles, but I had a hard time with this one - the thematic is quite appealing, but you'll want to watch that punctuation. It's amazing how a good idea can be undermined by the lack of some basic rules. Best of luck, and keep on writing!
1289	ma_liky	2013-05-10	This ep was not so great like the last two, but we need this. We always want more and more and with the eps like this they are reminding us to follow the pace.
So over all Littlefinger has punched beck, very nicely.
I like Olenna she is very brave, telling him about what people say about Cerasi and Jamie. For that takes guts. But still it was written all over her face that she now hates and fears Tywin. Tywin is a badass for real. 
I adored Jon and Ygritte. They are really falling in love, the kiss is so romantic, beautiful. /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
Cant stand the torture of Theon anymore. Pointless for me. Kill him already.
Jamie still annoys me much. 
Loved how (dont remember his name right now) he is teaching Arya to shoot. Loved every thing involving her and interaction wit Mel. But couldnt quite get the meaning of all. I thing Arya will go after him, something tells me. 
So waiting for the next, think it is going to be good one.
Cheeres
1290	Deleted	2013-05-12	Spoiler-free discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode without any reference to the books whatsoever or other spoiler materialAnd what if there are spoilers in this thread?  I very much doubt that I've read a thread on this forum that did NOT contain spoilers.
1291	Deleted	2013-05-12	This topic is No Spoilers and yet you are revealing some information, I advice non-book readers to stay away from the last few comments.
	Spoiler Like revealing that Boy is connected to Bolton, pretty sure that's not reavealed in the show yet and the Bastard of the dreadfort comment. 
Yes, this happens in every fucking thread, this is the absolute worst forum for spoilers.
1292	Rashtibram	2013-05-12	I'm a bit confused about theons part because he doesn't seem to have a POV in asos. Im about 400 pages in and know nothing about this story line in the showhis character doesn't appear in ASOS, all you see is the aftermath of his torture a few books later. sorry if that's considered a spoiler.
1293	Arrow	2013-05-12	Yes, this happens in every fucking thread, this is the absolute worst forum for spoilers.There seems to be a lot of confusion - someone says "This is supposed to be a no spoilers thread" and then puts a spoiler in their comment. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />Very puzzling...  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 12 May 2013 - 04:35 PM.
1294	Arrow	2013-05-12	This ep was not so great like the last two, but we need this. We always want more and more and with the eps like this they are reminding us to follow the pace.So over all Littlefinger has punched beck, very nicely.I like Olenna she is very brave, telling him about what people say about Cerasi and Jamie. For that takes guts. But still it was written all over her face that she now hates and fears Tywin. Tywin is a badass for real.I adored Jon and Ygritte. They are really falling in love, the kiss is so romantic, beautiful. /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />Cant stand the torture of Theon anymore. Pointless for me. Kill him already.Jamie still annoys me much.Loved how (dont remember his name right now) he is teaching Arya to shoot. Loved every thing involving her and interaction wit Mel. But couldnt quite get the meaning of all. I thing Arya will go after him, something tells me.So waiting for the next, think it is going to be good one.CheeresInteraction with Mel - Arya shows she is not afraid of Mel - and Mel is psychic, she sees a darkness in Arya, and many eyes staring at her out of that darkness, eyes that Arya will shut forever. I think that means Arya is going to become an assassin like Jaqen Hagar, the man who killed for her at Harrenhall, whose face changed. Arya said when they parted that she wanted to learn to do what he did.I think Mel sees that desire in Arya and is saying it will happen. She says they will meet again, but I don't know what that means, maybe Arya will try to rescue Gendry and will fight with Mel? Except I don't think Arya is strong enough yet to do that so maybe she will try to take revenge on Mel in the future. Just guessing.
1295	Ghost of Harrenhal	2013-05-13	This topic is No Spoilers and yet you are revealing some information, I advice non-book readers to stay away from the last few comments.
	Spoiler Like revealing that Boy is connected to Bolton, pretty sure that's not reavealed in the show yet and the Bastard of the dreadfort comment. 
im sorry if my question about theon is considered a spoiler (i dont consider it one).  I wasnt sure where else to pose the question..Ive visited the still reading: asos forum a few times and had HUGE spoilers just by seeing the title of threads. and i mean huge.
1296	Syrio Foral	2013-05-06	Sansa  may be the dumbest girl in Westeros. I am the person who likes deviations from the books but ''oh is my family coming to my wedding'' was a BIG no no.
1297	flinn	2013-05-11	Yeah, if Sansa is not supposed to be a complete idiot, hard to see why they would include that question.
I have to believe that she is purposefully being potrayed as not just naive but somewhat on the dumb side as well.
 My buddy, after watching this episode, said she is the Walking Dead's Andrea.
1298	iheartseverus	2013-05-11	I've never warmed to Sansa, either book or show.  But I saw a funny bit at Tumblr--'How can you bash Sansa for liking knights and adventures when you're the one reading ASOIAF and watching Got?   Credit where credit is due.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1299	Minsc	2013-05-11	Sansa  may be the dumbest girl in Westeros. I am the person who likes deviations from the books but ''oh is my family coming to my wedding'' was a BIG no no.No, it is called the writers for this scene were absolute idiots.
1300	Silverx2	2013-05-11	Sansa is that stupid both in the show and the book. its a marvel she didnt warn cersei that she was going to escape with dontos to be honest.
1301	Minsc	2013-05-11	Sansa is that stupid both in the show and the book. its a marvel she didnt warn cersei that she was going to escape with dontos to be honest.She was to busy outwitting Tyrion and the rest of the Lannisters at the time.  Seeing how they were to stupid to realize that she was up to something all while she is preparing an escape.
1302	Holdfast	2013-05-11	Sansa's not stupid at all, but the writers have a lot to answer for this season.  That line about her family coming to the wedding just made me cringe.  Honestly writers, nobody can be that dumb.
					
					
							Edited by Holdfast, 11 May 2013 - 11:07 PM.
1303	zaphodbrx	2013-05-11	Well, most of the show characters are very deficient in IQ. Between Varys needing Ros to point out two feather beds, Littlefinger's 'babbling is power' scene, etc, I think it is ok if Sansa is the dumb blonde. By the way, nearly every TV series in existence features a dumb blonde.
1304	Holdfast	2013-05-11	Well, most of the show characters are very deficient in IQ. Between Varys needing Ros to point out two feather beds, Littlefinger's 'babbling is power' scene, etc, I think it is ok if Sansa is the dumb blonde. By the way, nearly every TV series in existence features a dumb blonde.But in GOT, that would be Joffrey. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Holdfast, 11 May 2013 - 11:26 PM.
1305	Khalessi	2013-05-11	But in GOT, that would be Joffrey. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Haha to true!Yeah that line might be the dumbest thing I have ever heard. I don't understand how they could even include it. Between this and Theon not figuring out that the person flaying him is a Bolton, they seem to be making a lot of people dumber. Oh and lets not forget Loras telling the random guy his families strategic marrige plans. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1306	Dark_Sister	2013-05-12	Sansa is not dumb, and I don't know why the writers added that line, yes, Sansa is still a little naive in ASOS, but book Sansa would never ask if her family can come to her wedding, she knows perfectly well that is not possible. IMO it wouldn't be so bad if she wasn't aged up (a 12 year old asking that looks naive but I think viewers would have no problem with it) but a 15 year old that looks even older? she just looks stupid.
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Sister, 12 May 2013 - 03:29 AM.
1307	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-12	Sansa is not dumb, and I don't know why the writers added that line, yes, Sansa is still a little naive in ASOS, but book Sansa would never ask if her family can come to her wedding, she knows perfectly well that is not possible. IMO it wouldn't be so bad if she wasn't aged up (a 12 year old asking that looks naive but I think viewers would have no problem with it) but a 15 year old that looks even older? she just looks stupid.I wonder if the writers intended some kind of foreshadowing; since Sansa's mother and brother do go to the wedding of a family member later, the Red Wedding.  Which could have been cool, if they had had Sansa say that she wished she could invite her family, that she wished her mother and brother could come to the wedding...But even Sansa at 11 or 12 and her most naive would have known that no, she couldn't invite her family to her wedding to Loras, what with the Tyrells being Lannister allies and the Lannisters fighting the Starks.  Sheesh.
1308	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	I don't think it is a case of stupidity at all (Says the guy who hasn't seen the episode yet. Don't worry, I don't mind spoilers in the slightest). Sansa is a young girl, someone who has led a very sheltered life, and suddenly is in a horrible situation, has witnessed her fathers murder, dealing with more than anyone should ever have to, my God, it's lucky she hasn't had a nervous breakdown! So, if when finding out sh4e is to be married, she has a breif  lapse and wants to know if her family will be there, well, that is not stupidity, that is a poor abused girl, who hopes for something unrealistic. who can blame her?
					
					
							Edited by DaBillmann, 12 May 2013 - 03:53 AM.
1309	The Lady Leela	2013-05-12	It's not dumbness. I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things. Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy. That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character.
1310	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	It's not dumbness.I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things.Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy.That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character. Ok, you said that much better than *I* did. LOL
1311	Inevittable	2013-05-12	I'm going round in circles on this one, which to me indicates that it's a problem with the writing more than the character.On the surface it seems daft of Sansa to ask if her family is coming to the wedding.  But then I think about the other weddings of the big houses in Westeros, and what Sansa must know about them.  Yes, she has a naively romantic outlook on them, but she also knows that when people from two houses get married then it means alliance - her marriage to Joffrey was supposed to bring Stark and Baratheon closer.  Perhaps she's been led to believe (or is leading herself to believe) that her wedding to Loras is the same.But then I'm fairly sure that she didn't tell herself that her family would be coming to her wedding with Joffrey after her father was branded a traitor and the war started.  So what's so different about her getting married to a Tyrell?  Margaery has given her the impression that once she's queen she'll let Sansa leave Kings Landing.  Then Sansa marries Loras in Highgarden, in this lovely idealised place that's removed from all the political things that go over Sansa's head.  She's away from King's Landing, there's no war in Highgarden, so maybe her family would be able to take time out from the war to attend...As I said, circles...
1312	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	God that line was horrible. When i was watching i seriously thought i overheard something, just couldn't believe they would portray her as that stupid.
1313	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	I'm not a fan of Book Sansa and I don't think Show Sansa is generally much dumber than she is depicted in the books, but it is beyond idiotic that she would think her family would be coming to her wedding...that's just lazy/bad attention to detail on the part of the writers.  Joff has been telling her he's going to put her brother's head on a spike since he killed her father, she's been apologizing for her 'traitor brother' who is still AT WAR agains the Lannisters so neither Book Sansa or Show Sansa should realistically be so stupid as to think for a second that her remaining family would be invited to the wedding or even want them there because she would know that if they set foot in LK Joff and Cersei would have them clapped in irons and executed.
1314	Lady Arwen	2013-05-12	It's not dumbness.I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things.Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy.That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character.I like this take on it. Well said.
1315	zaphodbrx	2013-05-12	Guys you're overanalyzing it. 
Sansa is the 'dumb blonde'. That's basically it, end of story. She's been that way since day one.
Interestingly I think season 2 Sansa was a little smarter. It's like they were trying to make Danaerys into the new dumb blonde ( she had some very cliche lines ) but it didn't work and they went back to Sansa.
1316	Colonel Green	2013-05-12	I'm not a fan of Book Sansa and I don't think Show Sansa is generally much dumber than she is depicted in the books, but it is beyond idiotic that she would think her family would be coming to her wedding...that's just lazy/bad attention to detail on the part of the writers.  Joff has been telling her he's going to put her brother's head on a spike since he killed her father, she's been apologizing for her 'traitor brother' who is still AT WAR agains the Lannisters so neither Book Sansa or Show Sansa should realistically be so stupid as to think for a second that her remaining family would be invited to the wedding or even want them there because she would know that if they set foot in LK Joff and Cersei would have them clapped in irons and executed.I think she was imagining her wedding in Highgarden, so they wouldn't be going to King's Landing, though that's still enemy territory (I suppose it would be theoretically possible to arrange a diplomatic truce or something like that, though I'm not sure why they'd bother).It's a very stupid line, all the same.  Sansa in the books was sheltered, and taken in by the image of the Tyrells a bit (though given the circumstances, I think most people would), but she was never that off-base at that stage in the game.  If they're trying to convey that she'd very giddy about the idea of escaping King's Landing to Highgarden (which we was in the books), there are a million better ways to write that line.
1317	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	I think she was imagining her wedding in Highgarden, so they wouldn't be going to King's Landing, though that's still enemy territory (I suppose it would be theoretically possible to arrange a diplomatic truce or something like that, though I'm not sure why they'd bother).It's a very stupid line, all the same.  Sansa in the books was sheltered, and taken in by the image of the Tyrells a bit (though given the circumstances, I think most people would), but she was never that off-base at that stage in the game.  If they're trying to convey that she'd very giddy about the idea of escaping King's Landing to Highgarden (which we was in the books), there are a million better ways to write that line.Okay, yes, I stand corrected, her wedding would have been in Highgarden, making it a little less stupid to think her family would be allowed to come...but it would have been a lot better if they had written the line that way to remind the audience of same...and very simple...'do you think they'll let my family come to Highgarden for the wedding' would have been much better and its a single word change, a little further reworking of the line and it could have even appeared she was using some strategic thinking.
1318	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Yeah that's true actually, if she said "Since the wedding is in Highgarden, do you think they will arrange for my family to come" or sthg like that it would be plausible.
1319	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	I think it would've been better if she said "Oh, I wish my family could come to my wedding". With a very sad look and maybe her voice cracking up a little. God that would've broken my heart /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> . But "Will they let me invite my family?" *facepalm*
1320	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	I think it would've been better if she said "Oh, I wish my family could come to my wedding". With a very sad look and maybe her voice cracking up a little. God that would've broken my heart /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> . But "Will they let me invite my family?" *facepalm*Actually Shae looked at her in a way that suggested she was about to facepalm /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1321	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	or they could have had her sort of ask and then answer herself....sort of catch herself w/ the realization it wouldnt happen.  that would have shown both sides---dreamy sansa and more realistic sansa.  asking twice...dumb
1322	Master Forel's Fro	2013-05-12	Sansa is prettier than Lollys so people want to overlook how "dumb" she it.
1323	TheKitttenGuard	2013-05-12	Since Ned got his head cut-off Sansa already has to state her family are traitors. No matter the circumstance she has to state her family are traitors.
She now see there could be a way out of KL. The scenes was the first time she spoke of her family without a need to follow-up with a denouncement, an important part of the scene that does not seem to register here.  It was a wishful hope that could be clinging to her ideas before coming to KL.
					
					
							Edited by TheKitttenGuard, 12 May 2013 - 11:08 AM.
1324	I love Cersei	2013-05-12	It's not dumbness.I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things.Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy.That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character.Thank you for that high value post. It expresses what I thought as well. Given all that happened to Sansa, it's a wonder she's still sane.People tend to forget she's still a child, and grew up protected.
1325	white wolfpack	2013-05-12	It seems to me that people tend to read things into all the book characters that they want to see, and Sansa especially.  I've never been a fan, and after reading a 2nd time and trying to see what other people see, I probably liked her less.  The problem I have with her is that in the writing we are given very little of her own internal dialogue so you do have to read more into what she's thinking.  Other characters will sit there and think "I really messed that up, I'm going to be smarter next time", but we don't get much of that with Sansa. 
So it's been interesting to me that they seem to be portraying her as dumb in the show.  "Lemon cakes are my favorite" was just a classic line.  I feel like in the show they need to be a little less subtle and hit you over the head with stuff a bit more.  I'm pretty convinced that she's just not the sharpest tack in the drawer.  Not that being smart is everything in life or that it would make her a bad person (if she was a real person).  But she's just not going to be a character I'm that into.  Marrying her to Tyrion is the most delicious sort of irony.  Looking forward to watching that play out.
1326	Janicia	2013-05-12	Sansa was having an unguarded moment with somebody she considers a friend.  She's dreamed about her wedding to a dashing lord for years.  The Tyrells have treated Sansa with dignity, as if she wasn't a prisoner. and have talked about her family with respect.  The wedding would be off in Highgarden.  The Tyrells presented her with the illusion of a choice about the wedding.  It is entirely reasonable for Sansa to be daydreaming that her family would be allowed to come.
1327	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	It's not dumbness.I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things.Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy.That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character.I agree with you about Sansa. She is one of my favorite characters. I think her character is very deep, and I find her completely fascinating. Yes, Sansa many times sings songs, daydreams, denies things, and changes her reality because her life sucks. Who can blame her? But even she knows that there are things she CANNOT change, or deny, and she HAS to accept. She knows the situation (war). She wishes she could see her family, but she never asks. Even she knows some things are not possible. I don't think she is stupid or dumb, she is actually very smart, she is just naive. My problem is that she has been dumbed down in the show IMO, and this line in particular was the worst. I don't like that at all.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 12 May 2013 - 11:18 AM.
1328	Colonel Green	2013-05-12	So it's been interesting to me that they seem to be portraying her as dumb in the show.I don't think that's really what they're going for, in general.  Other characters this season get similar moments (Talisa not knowing Winterfell's location on map last episode, for instance; or Tyrion's seeming to think that Sansa was just going to get to marry whoever she wanted).Part of the problem is that without internal dialogue you don't get the same sense of characters' evaluating their surroundings, which, particularly in books 2 and 3, is most of what Sansa does.  Ned had the same problem in season 1, I think -- the "stupid Ned Stark" meme developed in part because you don't get to see that Ned's assessments of the other King's Landing political actors weren't as naively trusting as it comes across on screen.This season, for instance, the scene in episode 2 where Sansa contemplates speaking openly about Joffrey to the Tyrells was pretty well-done, but the process by which Sansa brought herself to the point of saying anything was much harder than it came across onscreen (likewise, the concept of King's Landing as a kind of Orwellian police state where every conversation might be overheard has been seriously relaxed on the show to allow for more dialogue, which also detracts).
1329	Mammothsbane	2013-05-12	It's not dumbness.I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things.Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy.That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character.I agree with most of this, however her asking if her family will be at the wedding was one of the silliest lines of dialogue on the entire show.
1330	Minsc	2013-05-12	I don't think that's really what they're going for, in general.  Other characters this season get similar moments (Talisa not knowing Winterfell's location on map last episode, for instance; or Tyrion's seeming to think that Sansa was just going to get to marry whoever she wanted).That is fair almost everyone is an idiot on the show, LF plans are so out in the open that even a prostitute can figure he is up to something, Varys cannot see a listing for two beds on a ship's manifesto, the QOT needs to be told of the political worth of Sansa, Tywin openly threatens his only ally, Catelyn releases Jaime just because not out of grief, Robb breaks his word just because not out sacrificing his honor for another,  etc.
1331	Silverx2	2013-05-12	Sansa's not stupid at all, but the writers have a lot to answer for this season.  That line about her family coming to the wedding just made me cringe.  Honestly writers, nobody can be that dumb.Really?sansa told cersei they were leaving the capital in secret, because she didnt want to leave joffrey. Rating on the stupid scale 10 out of 10during the battle of the blackwater the hound offers to take her to winterfel and get the hell out of kings landing. up until this point the only person who has truely gone out of their way to prevent her from being abused. She said uhh nah, ill take my chances with some dude i've never met. Rating on the stupid scale 9 out of 10Sansa allowed herself to be married to tyrion, thus making him Lord of winterfel once robb is killed rating on the stupid scale 9 out of 10After littlefinger killed her insane aunt and lord regent of the vale, she lied to the other lords in order to give littlefinger control of the entire vale instead of telling the truth, and using her friendship with sweet robin. stupid scale survey sayssssssssss 8 out of 10Its amazing sansa is still alive, but most of that has to do with her still having some use as a pawn, which people have learned how easy of a piece she is to move.
					
					
							Edited by Silverx2, 12 May 2013 - 01:01 PM.
1332	Colonel Green	2013-05-12	sansa told cersei they were leaving the capital in secret, because she didnt want to leave joffrey. Rating on the stupid scale 10 out of 10Having no idea what was going on, she sought the help of somebody she thought (and was allowed by others, including her father, to think) was her friend.during the battle of the blackwater the hound offers to take her to winterfel and get the hell out of kings landing. up until this point the only person who has truely gone out of their way to prevent her from being abused. She said uhh nah, ill take my chances with some dude i've never met. Rating on the stupid scale 9 out of 10Er, actually, the Hound mostly just stands around while she gets abused.  All the same, taking her chances with Stannis, who was clearly winning when she declined to leave, over running off with one guy of questionable trustworthiness to cross hundreds of miles of war zone, is not that stupid (in the books, her reasoning was better still, since she had her own escape plan and the Hound was much more violent and creepy towards her).Sansa allowed herself to be married to tyrion, thus making him Lord of winterfel once robb is killed rating on the stupid scale 9 out of 10Stupid in what sense?  It's not stupid at all from the perspective of her trying to survive, since the Lannisters would just abuse her until she did what they said, or else kill her.After littlefinger killed her insane aunt and lord regent of the vale, she lied to the other lords in order to give littlefinger control of the entire vale instead of telling the truth, and using her friendship with sweet robin. stupid scale survey sayssssssssss 8 out of 10Said aunt having just tried to kill her, for starters.  Why would she reveal herself to the lords declarant, which would immediately put them in the position of either championing her against the Iron Throne (at the height of its power) or turning her over to the Iron Throne to buy the peace, when she has no idea what they would do?
1333	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	There is no excuse for Sansa going to to Cersei, after Cersei had ordered her wolf killed other than pure stupidity, never mind she should also by that time have figured out...like her sister had...that Joff was a jerk.  It should have been obvious to even the dumbest girl in Westeros that the Queen was no friend to her or your family.  She can't be given a pass on this like it made any sense.
1334	Colonel Green	2013-05-12	I do actually think that that's one of Martin's few characterization choices that doesn't completely work.  But Sansa evidently had been brought up to believe in the idea of the queen (by virtue of office) as inherently good (which I don't quite get either, since her parents both hate the Lannisters; you would think they'd have passed on convictions like that).
1335	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-12	Sansa allowed herself to be married to tyrion, thus making him Lord of winterfel once robb is killed rating on the stupid scale 9 out of 10Really? Out of all the examples  to point out Sansa's stupidity you chose this? Come on, she was forced and was threaten to get beaten so what could she do? If she refused, the Lannisters would just make sure she would marry Tyrion anyway, in less than pleasant methods.
					
					
							Edited by Mav Of The Canals, 12 May 2013 - 01:39 PM.
1336	Silverx2	2013-05-12	[/background][/font][/color]Really? Out of all the examples  to point out Sansa's stupidity you chose this? Come on, she was forced and was threaten to get beaten so what could she do? If she refused, the Lannisters would just make sure she would marry Tyrion anyway, in less than pleasant methods.[/background][/font][/color]Really? Out of all the examples  to point out Sansa's stupidity you chose this? Come on, she was forced and was threaten to get beaten so what could she do? If she refused, the Lannisters would just make sure she would marry Tyrion anyway, in less than pleasant methods.She gave the people who killed her family claim over her home. that's insane stupidity.
1337	Colonel Green	2013-05-12	She gave the people who killed her family claim over her home. that's insane stupidity.When the alternative is dying, it's not stupid at all.
1338	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	She gave the people who killed her family claim over her home. that's insane stupidity.again, she had no freaking choice. What was she supposed to do?
1339	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-12	She gave the people who killed her family claim over her home. that's insane stupidity.Not when she is forced and has no say in the matter. You're talking as if the Lannisters would cancel the wedding if Sansa refuse to marry Tyrion.
1340	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	Figured out a nother simple but good way to put it
when she asked about her family attending her wedding, Sansa was not stupid.
She was not even naive.
She was DESPERATE.
I think, and I seem to recall her mentioning somethign similar later in the books, Sansa was at a point she would have thrown her arms around Jon Snow if she saw him.
So, God, can;t we forgive her for a moment where she lapsed and asked  if she'd be allowed to invite her family.
a lot of the negative posts in this thread seem more like Sansa hate than really thinking that was stupid.
1341	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	Not when she is forced and has no say in the matter. You're talking as if the Lannisters would cancel the wedding if Sansa refuse to marry Tyrion.Exactly.Cersei: "Oh, you don't WANT to marry my brother? We never thought of THAT! By all means, go marry the Tyrell boy!"and as long as I am dreaming, I'd like a pony.
1342	HopeForSpring	2013-05-12	I thought that was a totally ridiculous statement unworthy of even the worst interpretations of Sansa, but the unsullied I watch with (who is a guy if that matters) disagreed. He thought like .Leela. and just chalked it up to a poor traumatized girl fantasizing.  I was pretty relieved to hear that. 
But he also likes Littlefinger - "because at least he's honest about being a scum bag" - so what ya gonna do /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1343	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	I thought that was a totally ridiculous statement unworthy of even the worst interpretations of Sansa, but the unsullied I watch with (who is a guy if that matters) disagreed. He thought like .Leela. and just chalked it up to a poor traumatized girl fantasizing.  I was pretty relieved to hear that.But he also likes Littlefinger - "because at least he's honest about being a scum bag" - so what ya gonna do /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />LOL. I love it!Littlefinger: *Looking all pleased with himself. "Slime? Yeah, I am, I really am."
1344	HopeForSpring	2013-05-12	Yeah, he doesn't even blame her for Ned's death at all (not even slightly) because
"It was Sean Bean. I was surprised he made it past the first episode"
So I guess he never got attached /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 12 May 2013 - 02:17 PM.
1345	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	Yeah, he doesn't even blame her for Ned's death at all (not even slightly) because"It was Sean Bean. I was surprised he made it past the first episode"So I guess he never got attached /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />LOL. Silly man!though I don't blame Sansa either.  Neds own honor got him killed. I think Cersai would have found a way even if Sansa hadn't gone running to her.Though, the casting of Sean Bean does seem to be a death knell for the character.
1346	HopeForSpring	2013-05-12	He's a good person to watch with because when a change super annoys me I try to ask him what he thinks is happening and it turns out the change wasn't as awful as I thought. It's nice. 
Although occasionally he does have to ask "was this a surprise?" or "when did we see them last" "And the tall beard-guy, what's his deal again?" because he doesn't remember stuff that happened, oh 2 years ago in Season 1 b/c we haven't rewatched. 
His not writing off Sansa as simply a moron has been a relief. She grew on me and I'm not sure what I would think of her with just the show.
1347	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	He's a good person to watch with because when a change super annoys me I try to ask him what he thinks is happening and it turns out the change wasn't as awful as I thought. It's nice.Although occasionally he does have to ask "was this a surprise?" or "when did we see them last" "And the tall beard-guy, what's his deal again?" because he doesn't remember stuff that happened, oh 2 years ago in Season 1 b/c we haven't rewatched.His not writing off Sansa as simply a moron has been a relief. She grew on me and I'm not sure what I would think of her with just the show.That does sound like a good person to watch with.I confess to constantly rolling my eyes at Sansa  the first time i read GOT. but, I eventually got to feel sorry for her, and to admire her  for her simply surviving all that she has.
1348	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	Figured out a nother simple but good way to put itwhen she asked about her family attending her wedding, Sansa was not stupid.She was not even naive.She was DESPERATE.I think, and I seem to recall her mentioning somethign similar later in the books, Sansa was at a point she would have thrown her arms around Jon Snow if she saw him.Exactly, IF. She wishes she COULD see her family, she's constantly thinking about them. But she never ASKS because she knows she CANNOT, she KNOWS is NOT possible. All she can do is wish and hope.So, God, can;t we forgive her for a moment where she lapsed and asked  if she'd be allowed to invite her family.I forgive Sansa. I DO NOT forgive the producers for making her look so stupid with such a ridiculous and stupid line.a lot of the negative posts in this thread seem more like Sansa hate than really thinking that was stupid.Not mines.
1349	Silverx2	2013-05-12	again, she had no freaking choice. What was she supposed to do?If your options are live and give everything you have ever had to the people that killed your family, or die, the choice should be die. she should have pushed Joffrey off that bridge, she should have left with sandor, and she should have never gone against her fathers wishes and tell the queen they were going to leave.
1350	Castellan	2013-05-12	The fact that they turn a character into a dumb blonde is worth analysing, in detail.
1351	Colonel Green	2013-05-13	the choice should be die.Really?
1352	Gannicus	2013-05-13	I'm sure most have you have heard of the Christmas Truce. In 1914, during World War 1 the German and English exchanged gifts and played a football/soccer match. Maybe Sansa was hoping the Tyrells would be open to the idea. It's not the craziest thing I've ever heard from a young teenager.
Marrying Loras is a dream scenario for her. She probably doesn't realize the rest of her family wouldn't be open to such an agreement. She also must figure if she goes to Highgarden it would be like escaping the Lannister reach.
1353	Silverx2	2013-05-13	Really?Yes, really. You don't just accept your fate that you're a lannister now. How is that even a question. She has nothing left to lose at this point, aside from a life of imprisonment, having sex with a dwarf, having dwarf children.This isn't the typical betrothal, its forced, and she should have done something, anything, but marry tyrion.
1354	Colonel Green	2013-05-13	She has nothing left to lose at this point, aside from a life of imprisonmentYes, that's right, she has her life (and still has a plan to escape, at that).  It's absurd to call her stupid for not wanting to die.
1355	Silverx2	2013-05-13	Yes, that's right, she has her life (and still has a plan to escape, at that).  It's absurd to call her stupid for not wanting to die.I think its more stupid to want to live imprisoned forcibly married to a dwarf, while the people who killed your family takes everything you ever owned. She should have gone out on her own terms and taken a lannister with her. Cat had the option of just being imprisoned at the red wedding, she chose to instead take at least something from the man that took her last living(to her knowledge) son, even if it meant her death.
1356	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-13	It bugs me that she doesn't think more about her father. Ok, maybe she's too traumatized, but it would be natural to grieve, with grief comes reflection, and with reflection certain questions ought to arise like - who set him up? It just bugs me so much that she doesn't know LF betrayed her father when all she has to do is tell Shae to make discreet enquiries - or just keep her ears open around drunk Lannister guardsmen or something.
1357	DaBillmann	2013-05-13	I think its more stupid to want to live imprisoned forcibly married to a dwarf, while the people who killed your family takes everything you ever owned. She should have gone out on her own terms and taken a lannister with her.Cat had the option of just being imprisoned at the red wedding, she chose to instead take at least something from the man that took her last living(to her knowledge) son, even if it meant her death.uhhhhhh, Cat went insane when Robb died, she was clawing at her own face. She kidna didn't make any rational decisions in that moment.And Sansa is a 12/15 year old girl. Kinda hard to expect her  to bravely step forward and accept death over marrying Tyrion.
1358	Colonel Green	2013-05-13	and with reflection certain questions ought to arise like - who set him up?She has no reason to believe anyone set him up.
1359	I love Cersei	2013-05-13	Yes, really. You don't just accept your fate that you're a lannister now. How is that even a question. She has nothing left to lose at this point, aside from a life of imprisonment, having sex with a dwarf, having dwarf children.Isn't it so much more clever to survive and wait for your chance for revenge, or a better life, or both? I think it is. If you're dead you can't do anything to improve your life, and: you only have the one life.I want to live mine no matter how hard it gets. I wouldn't throw it away under no circumstances (except to save my children or the world - but that wouldn't be throwing away anyway). Different mindset. I take survival courses as a hobby, though.
					
					
							Edited by I love Cersei, 13 May 2013 - 03:15 PM.
1360	Silverx2	2013-05-13	show me one clever thing she's done thus far. Sansa has been played like a fiddle since she left winterfel. people are acting like shes outwitting people and acting like some big player in the game. the only reason shes alive is because she has value to other people, and the only reason shes not in kings landing is because littlefinger made everything happen to get her out, all she had to do was not say anything, which for her at least, was a daunting task.Isn't it so much more clever to survive and wait for your chance for revenge, or a better life, or both? I think it is. If you're dead you can't do anything to improve your life, and: you only have the one life.I want to live mine no matter how hard it gets. I wouldn't throw it away under no circumstances (except to save my children or the world - but that wouldn't be throwing away anyway). Different mindset. I take survival courses as a hobby, though.If you were on a bridge with no rails, with the man that had your father beheaded in front of you, and all i took was a slight nudge to push him to his death, are you saying you wouldn't do it? even if it meant your death?
					
					
							Edited by Silverx2, 13 May 2013 - 04:01 PM.
1361	I love Cersei	2013-05-13	If you were on a bridge with no rails, with the man that had your father beheaded in front of you, and all i took was a slight nudge to push him to his death, are you saying you wouldn't do it? even if it meant your death?Yes, I wouldn't do it if I knew it meant my own death as well. I really think most people wouldn't. At least I hope so.
1362	Silverx2	2013-05-13	Yes, I wouldn't do it if I knew it meant my own death as well. I really think most people wouldn't. At least I hope so.You wouldn't have killed Joffrey if it meant your own death? the dude is a little Hitler. Sansa would have been remembered in songs for the rest of time.
1363	Young Nan	2013-05-13	So it's been interesting to me that they seem to be portraying her as dumb in the show.  "Lemon cakes are my favorite" was just a classic line.  I feel like in the show they need to be a little less subtle and hit you over the head with stuff a bit more.  I'm pretty convinced that she's just not the sharpest tack in the drawer.The "lemon cakes" line cracked me up.  She was basically like "I don't know if I should trust- did you say Lemon Cakes!? Right on!"Yeah they're making her out to be a total idiot on the show.  She wasn't that bad in the books, and was actually getting much more savvy after being disillusioned.   I feel like they're doing her character a disservice, making her seem like a total idiot who doesn't learn from her mistakes.
1364	I love Cersei	2013-05-13	You wouldn't have killed Joffrey if it meant your own death? the dude is a little Hitler. Sansa would have been remembered in songs for the rest of time.To be honest, it's partly because I would think to be able to accomplish more if I was alive at some point in the future, and partly because of my morals (I don't believe in killing people). Yes, it may well be I overestimate myself. Yes, maybe I'm a little narcissistic as well.But that's surely not something Sansa and I have in common. Means we get off topic.And: yes, it may well be I lie to myself without knowing that I do for sure. I think this Sansa and I do have in common. It's lies to protect us.As for Sansa: She's a true survivor, her will is really strong. She just doesn't know it yet. But she will get to know herself at some point. (That's when people should start to tremble in front of her.)Can you understand my point of view?I also realize I'm starting to mix up book and film Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by I love Cersei, 13 May 2013 - 07:00 PM.
1365	Minsc	2013-05-14	show me one clever thing she's done thus far. Sansa has been played like a fiddle since she left winterfel. people are acting like shes outwitting peopleShe outwits Tyrion and the rest of the Lannisters into realizing that she is planning an escape.
1366	Silverx2	2013-05-14	She outwits Tyrion and the rest of the Lannisters into realizing that she is planning an escape.Sansa doesn't plan anything. Dontos/Littlefinger do all the planning, pick the times, and get everything in place. Sansa's one job, her ONE job, is to not fuck it up by telling someone.She failed that job in the first book, and she was captured because of it. The girl is grade-A airhead.
1367	Inevittable	2013-05-14	On the character as a whole I think the thing is that she doesn't learn all that quickly, but she does learn.  It doesn't take her long to realise that Joffrey is a total toss bag, but she also learns that there's very little she can do about it.  She's not big on strategy, but that doesn't make her a total loss.  That being said, the show's not doing a brilliant job of putting that across.  Seeing her crying after she finds out about her impending marriage to Tyrion does make her very sympathetic to the TV audience, though.I confess to constantly rolling my eyes at Sansa  the first time i read GOT. but, I eventually got to feel sorry for her, and to admire her  for her simply surviving all that she has.Yes! I still think that she's a trifle annoying, but then you do have to wonder at the fact that she has survived.  If we hadn't seen so much from her point of view and saw her completely from others' points of view she might seem very different.
1368	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-14	Yes! I still think that she's a trifle annoying, but then you do have to wonder at the fact that she has survived.  Well, I think the biggest reason she's survived is that there is not anyone trying to kill her.  She's far more valuable alive than dead.
1369	Inevittable	2013-05-14	Well, I think the biggest reason she's survived is that there is not anyone trying to kill her.  She's far more valuable alive than dead.I suppose. Oh, fiddle! I was happy for a minute, thinking that she was a vaguely active character, when the mood strikes, and now I have to think again.Maybe it'll turn out that Sansa is actually a brilliant tactician and is playing the long game.  She's taken herself out of the running until all the more active players have killed each other off. A girl can dream, can't she?
1370	hallam	2013-05-14	I think you are getting the point of the line all wrong.
Sansa is told she is about to marry and she naturally assumes that this means that her family has agreed to it and the whole war thing has been fixed up without anyone bothering to tell her the details.
1371	Silverx2	2013-05-16	I think you are getting the point of the line all wrong.Sansa is told she is about to marry and she naturally assumes that this means that her family has agreed to it and the whole war thing has been fixed up without anyone bothering to tell her the details.Lol If she thinks that shes even dumber than i thought.
1372	jons nissa	2013-05-16	I think you are getting the point of the line all wrong.Sansa is told she is about to marry and she naturally assumes that this means that her family has agreed to it and the whole war thing has been fixed up without anyone bothering to tell her the details.actually i think she agrees to the tyrell marriage and assumes that it will alleviate all her problems, namely joffrey and his mom, and that all will be better. she figures being away from kings landing will mean being safe and normal again and so why not see her family again? i don't think it makes her sound as dumb as so many here think. it makes her look naive, imho. just as she looked in the books when she thought marriage to willas would mean puppies and picnics. d&d say that her thoughts at this stage in the books go back to the fairytale she believed before and with the exception that she realized willas wouldn't be the dashing prince she'd envisioned due to his lame leg, she did think it would be beautiful and parties. she believed she could make him love her but the reality is she had no idea if they were compatible or if they would even like each other. not so very different from tv sansa believing all would be beautiful and parties with loras.
1373	Castellan	2013-05-20	Sansa is disappointing partly because of the actress IMO. But although I think that actress is not as good as Maisie Williams I can't see why they don't give her better lines and coach her a bit. It seems like they've just decided she can walk through her scenes. Her scenes just seem designed to move the plot along and show the dastardly Tyrell's plotting, which is another thing... why is Loras shown as amazed that a servant can pick up that he's gay, when he himself has been with Renly presumably since he was a squire. Now there is unbelievable stupidity on screen. I felt that in the first series the sex scenes tended to show Renly as someone whose 'weakness' was being exploited by Loras, now suddenly Loras' 'weakness' is being exploited by this spy sent to seduce him.
1374	just another one	2013-05-21	It's not dumbness.I don't get why people come down so hard on characters like Sansa, or as someone upthread mentioned, Andrea from The Walking Dead. They are girls in horrific situations who maybe don't have the psychological capacity to deal with all the utter crap going on around them. But as human beings, we were designed to survive, both psychically and mentally, through every means necessary. When you get a cut, your body reacts so that a scab forms and you don't get an infection and die, or bleed out. How weird and random is that? The mind works in the same way. When your mind is hurt, it will do anything possible to repair itself, even if it has to remove you from the situation you are in to protect you from harm. This is also how Dissosiative Identity Disorder (aka, multiple personalities) develops. Your mind will do anything to protect you from mental harm. Including denial.Here's an example: I daydream all day. It's not a hobby and it's not something I do on purpose. But I have to deal with a lot of nasty stuff in my life (abusive family, depression, poverty, lack of a future and friends) and daydreaming is my mind's way of protecting me from all those nasty things.Just like Arya is dealing with her situation by being completely angry at everyone, Sansa is dealing with hers by disappearing into a world where she can find comfort in the idea, or daydream, that she can still have a pretty life, where there are no monsters and there's no abuse and everything is perfect. She's away from her family, she's being abused by Joffrey, she's being manipulated by everyone, she's a hostage, she watched her father get beheaded, and then she was forced to look at her father's head on a pike, she could die any day, she has no idea if she'll ever even see another sunset. And she knows all these things. But if she stops and sits down and starts to think about them, she'll completely collapse. So it's healthier for her if she just falls in love with the idea of Highgarden, better days, a handsome husband like Loras, pretty dresses and flowers, and yes, the thought that maybe, just maybe, she'll see her family again and they'll all be happy.That is NOT stupidity. Sansa is not stupid. Nor was Andrea. People like them are real and they're not stupid or weak. They just have different defense and coping mechanisms.Personally, I find Sansa rather fascinating. If I was a therapist I'd rather have her as a patient than, say, Jon Snow. Most of the other characters are pretty straight forward or seem able to deal with their problems straight on. Sansa, on the other hand, I find utterly magnificent in the way she deals with trauma. She doesn't become a killer. She deals with her traumas by making herself believe that the world around her can still be a fairy tale. Andrea did the same thing on The Walking Dead. It's not stupid. It shows a survivalist personality, intelligence, and extreme creativity. It's also both fascinating and really sad.I love Sansa. I just wanna give her a big hug. And people who call her stupid are maybe stupid themselves, because they are completely missing the depth of her character.This.I also think she's might be playing the long game, although she may not realise what options she has just yet. She's a very young girl who grew up sheltered, whose life suddenly got turned upside down in the most horrible way imaginable.She is aware that she comes across as a bit stupid, but she also seems to realize that this is something she can use to her advantage, at least in the books. And it can be. Think about it. If people think you're dumber than you really are, they may not be so careful around you. Which gives you room to manouver, and you may also learn things you otherwise wouldn't. It's like a cloak of invisibility, because nobody thinks you're up to anything. Yet she is planning an escape behind their backs, isn't she? Sansa is a surviver, patient and observant. In time, maybe even more.I like this character quite a bit, I find her story deep and fascinating.
1375	kenny1027	2013-06-06	u just gotta blame the parents on this... the whole family was too naive and trusting. they just didnt know how to play the game. Sansa is lucky that littlefinger needs her and is teaching her.
1376	Kikajon	2014-03-30	Totally agree.
And we could add that she really can't understand who she can trust or not.
She could trust Tyrion and she doesn't. She shouldn't trust Lilltlefinger and she does.
She is happy when his bethrotal to Jeoffrey is broken off, just hoping to "go home"?
The only things she really seems to think about are lemon cakes, silk dressing and fancy knights. In this order..
1377	Annara Snow	2014-03-30	Totally agree.
And we could add that she really can't understand who she can trust or not.
She could trust Tyrion and she doesn't. She shouldn't trust Lilltlefinger and she does.
She is happy when his bethrotal to Jeoffrey is broken off, just hoping to "go home"?
The only things she really seems to think about are lemon cakes, silk dressing and fancy knights. In this order..



No, she can't trust Tyrion. He is a Lannister and is loyal to his family. Would he take her from King's Landing, away from Joffrey, Cersei and Tywin? Nope. Instead, he goes along with his father's orders and marries Sansa against her will, despite feeling bad about it. Why on Earth should she trust him?

And she doesn't necessarily trust Littlefinger, she just wants to get away from King's Landing. In the show, LF offered her an escape. In the books, it was 
	Spoiler Dontos
. Tyrion never offered to let her escape and reunite with her family. For starters, he would never do it while Sansa being a hostage was a guarantee that Jaime wouldn't be killed - which is understandable, but again, Sansa's interests were never at the forefront of Tyrion's mind, and the interests of Tyrion and his family do not align with Sansa's interests, even in the show, where they have made him nicer to Sansa and less self-serving than in the book. He may be nicer than the rest of her captors, but he is still one of her captors.
1378	Florina Laufeyson	2014-03-30	The show has Sansa blatantly acknowledging how foolish she has been,out loud. In front of Margaery. I think this accounts for something. We have the character saying it outright in front of us. This is showing that Sansa understands her failings at least on the show. I know a few Unsullied (including my mum) who warmed to her a bit after she said that to Marg.
1379	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	I wrote it on the episode thread, but I'm curious to know everyone else's opinion about it. I'm not show bashing btw, I love the show for the most part, so be nice /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
The way Cersei is whitewashed on the show feels like a cop out to me. In season 1 they laid the ground to show that Cersei isn't just some cartoon villain, but she's a villain all the same. I actually really enjoyed the scenes they added, as they layered the character very nicely;  we know that something brought her to be the person she is now, and that there's a sadness she can't shake because of it. That, however, doesn't change the fact she's generally horrible and quite cruel.
By now, there's no need to continue with that sort of approach though. We already know she's a 3D villain, we already know what she's capable of and the sort of hatred that drives her. Why change things around too much? Provided the show doesn't veer too much away from the books, we also know where Cersei needs to get. For the sake of character development, to see her woobified for 3 seasons and give her bad deeds to Joffrey in my opinion doesn't work, not anymore at least. She's losing grip on everything she wants to control and she's what, defeated? That's not the Cersei I know. 
So to sum it up, I think that at this point she should be "owning" her personality way more than the show allows her to do. Thoughts?
1380	Nictarion	2013-05-06	I wrote it on the episode thread, but I'm curious to know everyone else's opinion about it. I'm not show bashing btw, I love the show for the most part, so be nice /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The way Cersei is whitewashed on the show feels like a cop out to me. In season 1 they laid the ground to show that Cersei isn't just some cartoon villain, but she's a villain all the same. I actually really enjoyed the scenes they added, as they layered the character very nicely;  we know that something brought her to be the person she is now, and that there's a sadness she can't shake because of it. That, however, doesn't change the fact she's generally horrible and quite cruel.By now, there's no need to continue with that sort of approach though. We already know she's a 3D villain, we already know what she's capable of and the sort of hatred that drives her. Why change things around too much? Provided the show doesn't veer too much away from the books, we also know where Cersei needs to get. For the sake of character development, to see her woobified for 3 seasons and give her bad deeds to Joffrey in my opinion doesn't work, not anymore at least. She's losing grip on everything she wants to control and she's what, defeated? That's not the Cersei I know.So to sum it up, I think that at this point she should be "owning" her personality way more than the show allows her to do. Thoughts?I agree. My only real complaint with the show is what they have done to Cersei and Catelyn. Two of the strongest characters in the books. The show has pretty much made them sideline back round characters.
1381	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I agree. My only real complaint with the show is what they have done to Cersei and Catelyn. Two of the strongest characters in the books. The show has pretty much made them sideline back round characters.They have plenty of time after Joffrey dies to truly establish Cersei as the villain she is, though.They have underused Catelyn, though, definitely. Maybe they are planning on establishing Lady Stonehart as a more...alive sort of character? A bit Beric like?
1382	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Was it ever confirmed that Cersei sent Mandon Moore to kill Tyrion? I remember tyrion thinking so, but he didn't really investigate it to confirm his suspspicions. And I don't remember her thinking something like  "if only mandon moore had killed my brother" when she was at Tywin's deathbed.
1383	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	They have plenty of time after Joffrey dies to truly establish Cersei as the villain she is, though.You're right and yes they could, but it doesn't feel as organic. She should be slowly sliding into the type of person she becomes by now. It doesn't have the same impact if it happens suddenly after Joffrey and Tywin die. She's had no character development at all this season, all she seems to do is... Fret. Which is very un-Cersei.
1384	Sun	2013-05-06	They've been doing it since S1, most likely to create a contrast to unhinged Cersie following Joff's death. The show can never make Cersie as cartoonishly evil as she is in AFFC, they can however unhinge her mentally, and ranch up the menace. To achieve the contrast they've decided to soften her until then.
1385	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	Was it ever confirmed that Cersei sent Mandon Moore to kill Tyrion? I remember tyrion thinking so, but he didn't really investigate it to confirm his suspspicions. And I don't remember her thinking something like  "if only mandon moore had killed my brother" when she was at Tywin's deathbed.Never confirmed, but it was heavily implied. And it's also never openly attributed it on Joffrey, which is a significant change.They've been doing it since S1, most likely to create a contrast to unhinged Cersie following Joff's death. The show can never make Cersie as cartoonishly evil as she is in AFFC, they can however unhinge her mentally, and ranch up the menace. To achieve the contrast they've decided to soften her until then.I did enjoy the softening in the first season or so, it made sense to make her a more rounded character. But like I said, they've established this now so it's surplus to requirements. They're taking much away from Cersei by not making her directly responsible/involved for much that goes on in her life.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 06 May 2013 - 03:11 AM.
1386	Sun	2013-05-06	Never confirmed, but it was heavily implied. And it's also never openly attributed it on Joffrey, which is a significant change.I did enjoy the softening in the first season or so, it made sense to make her a more rounded character. But like I said, they've established this now so it's surplus to requirements. They're taking much away from Cersei by not making her directly responsible/involved for much that goes on in her life.An you think having her attempt to kill her own brother so stupidly, and without real cause, and failing gives her agency, or control over her own life? I disagree. Don't forget, that by softening Tyrion himself, Cersie's reaction to him has to be softened as well.Also, we really don't know who attempted to kill Tyrion in the books. It could just as easily have been Joff. As to her not having control over her life at the moment, with Tywin in KL, that's absolutely in accordance with the books.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 03:19 AM.
1387	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	An you think having her attempt to kill her own brother so stupidly, and without real cause, and failing gives her agency, or control over her own life? I disagree. That's not what I meant. Cersei never really has any control and when she does it usually slips through her fingers anyway. But she tries, every time.Don't forget, that by softening Tyrion himself, Cersie's reaction to him has to be softened as well.That's true and we could argue that the whitewashing of Tyrion is a disservice to his character development as well.As to her not having control over her life at the moment, with Tywin in KL, that's absolutely in accordance with the books.But the point isn't about her having actual physical control, it's about the fact she would not sit and be defeated. Let alone confess to Tyrion. People are getting the impression those two have an actual loving bond somewhere, and it's very much against what defines them. They hate each other, with an undying passion, too.
1388	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Was it ever confirmed that Cersei sent Mandon Moore to kill Tyrion? I remember tyrion thinking so, but he didn't really investigate it to confirm his suspspicions. And I don't remember her thinking something like  "if only mandon moore had killed my brother" when she was at Tywin's deathbed.Yeah, I don't recall it ever being confirmed that Cersei ordered the hit on Tyrion. I've seen people speculate that it was Littlefinger, but I doubt it. If it hasn't been confirmed in the books, Joffrey would be a good bet.
1389	Sun	2013-05-06	But the point isn't about her having actual physical control, it's about the fact she would not sit and be defeated. Let alone confess to Tyrion. People are getting the impression those two have an actual loving bond somewhere, and it's very much against what defines them. They hate each other, with an undying passion, too.I'm not sure which people you're talking about, but no one in my group of unsullied is under any illusion that those two have a loving relationship. Anyone who reads the scene that way wasn't paying attention last week. This meeting was a meeting of 2 people in similar predicaments, trying to find a way out, weighing their options. Cersie didn't admit defeat, if anyone is ready to give up it's Tyrion. He said it "I'm fucked".  Cersie, to me at least, looked like one who hasn't yet given up.
1390	Nictarion	2013-05-06	Yeah, I don't recall it ever being confirmed that Cersei ordered the hit on Tyrion. I've seen people speculate that it was Littlefinger, but I doubt it. If it hasn't been confirmed in the books, Joffrey would be a good bet.The kingsguard only take orders from the king or the queen
1391	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-05-06	The kingsguard only take orders from the king or the queenNon-corrupt Kingsguard only take orders from the king or the queen. Or their regent.
1392	Nictarion	2013-05-06	Non-corrupt Kingsguard only take orders from the king or the queen. Or their regent.I guess its possible. There would just be little for a KG to gain from doing something like that.He cant rise any higher and I don't think money would be a motive for a KG, but I guess its possible.
1393	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Cersei was basically a cartoon villain in the novels so I'm fine with this. I suspect once Joffrey dies Cersei will slowly descend into madness.
1394	Peptalk	2013-05-06	You're right and yes they could, but it doesn't feel as organic. She should be slowly sliding into the type of person she becomes by now. It doesn't have the same impact if it happens suddenly after Joffrey and Tywin die. She's had no character development at all this season, all she seems to do is... Fret. Which is very un-Cersei.She is, very subtly. Her changing started already in the episode with the Battle of Blackwater Bay and her paranoia has continued to grow since. Tywin's presence in King's Landing is also affecting her; he's a source of additional frustration and bitterness, and his presence makes her even more determined to prove herself. I think it's safe to say she's headed straight downhill from here and that it will escalate heavily in season four.Cersei hasn't had that much space to develop so far this season, I think, but what opportunities Lena has been given she has made use of.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 06 May 2013 - 04:39 AM.
1395	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	I'm not sure which people you're talking about, but no one in my group of unsullied is under any illusion that those two have a loving relationship. Anyone who reads the scene that way wasn't paying attention last week.This meeting was a meeting of 2 people in similar predicaments, trying to find a way out, weighing their options. Cersie didn't admit defeat, if anyone is ready to give up it's Tyrion. He said it "I'm fucked".  Cersie, to me at least, looked like one who hasn't yet given up.BiB: Your group of unsullied is probably smarter than my own or has a better attention span /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> But I think I've read something similar in a review as well. Either way, I do think that the Cersei/Tyrion relationship comes across differently on screen. The sort of understanding they have on the show takes something away from what's at the core of their interaction, and the unspoken humanity between them is part of the whitewashing of both. In this sense, I think The Borgias (if anyone is familiar with it, it proves you can portray that sort of relationship on screen) has set up a much better relationship between Cesare and Juan who have a similar dynamic to Cersei/Tyrion. It's conflicted, filled with hatred and competition, but defined by family ties and a sense of belonging- or wanting to belong, which is ultimately extremely tragic. In the books we get all of this between Cersei and Tyrion, in the show we get a more acceptable version of it, to make them appear more sympathetic, while they could be more daring with such good actors and characters.As for Cersei not giving in... Well, she's pretty much expecting to be "saved" at this point, while she's all about taking control. And she doesn't just fear being out of control, she hates it.Cersei was basically a cartoon villain in the novels so I'm fine with this. I suspect once Joffrey dies Cersei will slowly descend into madness.I very much disagree with this notion. She's a much daring characters in the books in terms of character development, and I speak as someone who loves to hate her. Her faults are what makes her the entertaining character that she is. Like I said, I was fine with softening her too at the start, as it was needed to build the character. But then you move on. Cersei is as much a victim as she is an aggressor, and with the exception of a few glimpses it's not coming across.She is, very subtly. Her changing started already in the episode with the Battle of Blackwater Bay and her paranoia has continued to grow since. Tywin's presence in King's Landing is also affecting her; he's a source of additional frustration and bitterness, and his presence makes her even more determined to prove herself. I think it's safe to say she's headed straight downhill from here and that it will escalate heavily in season four.Cersei hasn't had that much space to develop so far this season, I think, but what opportunities Lena has been given she has made use of.I don't have a problem with Lena and the acting, it's the writing that it's off. We're midway through season 3, her conflicts and extreme personality should be more than subtle by now. I hope you're right and we do get to this point eventually, but so far I haven't liked her this season. And not in the way I'm supposed to - love to hate her- I'm just unimpressed.
1396	Loras	2013-05-06	I think that a bond has been established between the two siblings.  Yes they hate each other, but there are also moments of - at the very least - respect.  There are a few of these scenes dotted throughout the second season.
I certainly find show!Cersei a compelling character.  She hasn't had much opportunity to show her later developments yet - but I am expecting her to be more true to her book counterpart in a couple of seasons time.
1397	blood of the dragoon	2013-05-06	My only problem with how the show handled it was that cersei says that joffrey did it. If it were cersei we'd know from one of her povs.
Though,cersei saying joff did it only means that either cersei BELIEVES he did it or WANTS tyrion to believe it, not necessarily that it's true.
1398	Bayard	2013-05-06	Cersei still has plenty of bad things to do in the future seasons, she will be a villain and hopefully also kind of crazy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. I am a lot more worried about the whitewashing of Tyrion. In the books it's difficult to detect that Tyrion is not a nice guy. The POV structure can be deceptive, we miss Tyrion's evil deeds, we think he is wrongfully accused by the others.... but actually he isn't. In ADWD most of us came to the shocking conclusion that he is also a villain: he kills, rapes, whores, a kinslayer, and many more. In the show he does none of these things. I am sure they will still have him be a kinslayer.... but that's just not enough, most of the viewers will agree with that killing. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1399	go joff go	2013-05-06	I'm not even sure we know Cersei didn't order the bastards or Tyrion's death.  In the latter case its her word versus Varys, so she very well might be lying.  I mean she's not likely to tell the truth to tyrion.
1400	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Honestly, my guess is that they want the fact that she later becomes this insane/paranoid person to be shocking.  If she's always been this ruthless villain on the show, then her going bat shit crazy later on would just feel like more of the same.   Right now, they're making it seem that she's a a victim of circumstance.  Later on, after Joffrey's and especially Tywin's death, she'll become the instigator.  It give her journey more over all depth.
1401	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Cersei still has plenty of bad things to do in the future seasons, she will be a villain and hopefully also kind of crazy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. I am a lot more worried about the whitewashing of Tyrion. In the books it's difficult to detect that Tyrion is not a nice guy. The POV structure can be deceptive, we miss Tyrion's evil deeds, we think he is wrongfully accused by the others.... but actually he isn't. In ADWD most of us came to the shocking conclusion that he is also a villain: he kills, rapes, whores, a kinslayer, and many more. In the show he does none of these things. I am sure they will still have him be a kinslayer.... but that's just not enough, most of the viewers will agree with that killing. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />As they should.  Tywin is a cold blooded tyrant.  The fact that some of you guys have grown fond of Tywin, the Boltons, etc, doesn't mean that those characters aren't villains.   Also, Tyrion was never a villain.   He was a person who always tried to do the right thing, but when threatened, was willing to do what ever it takes to protect himself or the people he loves (like killing the singer who was threatening to sing his song of Shae).Also, who did he rape?
1402	Bayard	2013-05-06	As they should.  Tywin is a cold blooded tyrant.  The fact that some of you guys have grown fond of Tywin, the Boltons, etc, doesn't mean that those characters aren't villains.   Also, Tyrion was never a villain.   He was a person who always tried to do the right thing, but when threatened, was willing to do what ever it takes to protect himself or the people he loves (like killing the singer who was threatening to sing his song of Shae).Also, who did he rape?He rapes the wench in Illyrio's mansion and then the prostitute near Volantis. Sure, they were offered by their owners, but that doesn't make it ok. He took pleasure in their dislike of him. And a bonus, he keeps saying that he wants to rape Cersei,... and at the moment he means it.
1403	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	For the first three books you only see Cersei through other peoples eyes and opinions. Unreliable narrators at their finest. It's no surprise to me that seeing her through the same lens as we see every other character, she comes across as more human and sympathetic.
1404	King Zee	2013-05-06	He rapes the wench in Illyrio's mansion and then the prostitute near Volantis. Sure, they were offered by their owners, but that doesn't make it ok. He took pleasure in their dislike of him. And a bonus, he keeps saying that he wants to rape Cersei,... and at the moment he means it.I dont have the book  handy but my memory is that he scares the gil at Illyrio and then we jump to his having dinner. We dont know what if anything happened.also I dont recall him raping anyone in Volantis, I think she didnt like him but she was still doing what she was paid for
1405	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	Honestly, my guess is that they want the fact that she later becomes this insane/paranoid person to be shocking.  If she's always been this ruthless villain on the show, then her going bat shit crazy later on would just feel like more of the same.   Right now, they're making it seem that she's a a victim of circumstance.  Later on, after Joffrey's and especially Tywin's death, she'll become the instigator.  It give her journey more over all depth.I would agree, but I think they're taking the "victim of circumstances" a tad too far, especially this season. Last season we saw the real Cersei during Blackwater, the one who was bitter, manipulating, a bully and was gloating to a little girl she'll be raped. This season she's even softer than in season 1, all she does is wait and worry which is underwhelming.As for Tyrion, I've never saw him as a downright villain, but yes he's whitewashed too which is a shame because his book counterpart is way more interesting. However, he was always an anti-hero/anti-villain protagonist depending on how you look at it, but a protagonist nonetheless. Cersei is never meant to be cheered on, and while she can come across as sympathetic, she's still a villain.For the first three books you only see Cersei through other peoples eyes and opinions. Unreliable narrators at their finest. It's no surprise to me that seeing her through the same lens as we see every other character, she comes across as more human and sympathetic.But then we get inside her head, and she seems to be exactly what we thought she would be.
1406	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-06	I agree with the OP.  I just posted something similar in the Tyrion and Sansa thread, but the big problem to me is that there is no way book Cersei would ever let Tyrion believe that Joff was the one who ordered Moore to kill him.  She protected every despicable thing Joff did in the books!  It doesn't matter who ordered Moore to kill Tyrion, which we never get a true answer about in the books (I actually believe that LF whispered in Joff's ear to do it since LF was out to get Tyrion since the beginning and Moore is from the Vale and probably LF's creature all along).  The point is that in the books Tyrion always believes its Cersei and we the readers are left with some speculation about it because Cersei would never admit something like that to Tyrion.  One of book Cersei's main characteristics is that she covered for every horrible thing Joff did as if it was no big deal, which caused Joff to spiral out of control.
1407	Versiroth	2013-05-06	I agree with the OP.  I just posted something similar in the Tyrion and Sansa thread, but the big problem to me is that there is no way book Cersei would ever let Tyrion believe that Joff was the one who ordered Moore to kill him.  She protected every despicable thing Joff did in the books!  It doesn't matter who ordered Moore to kill Tyrion, which we never get a true answer about in the books (I actually believe that LF whispered in Joff's ear to do it since LF was out to get Tyrion since the beginning and Moore is from the Vale and probably LF's creature all along).  The point is that in the books Tyrion always believes its Cersei and we the readers are left with some speculation about it because Cersei would never admit something like that to Tyrion.  One of book Cersei's main characteristics is that she covered for every horrible thing Joff did as if it was no big deal, which caused Joff to spiral out of control.This way works better for TV Cersei's arch.  If she's always been crazy, then there's nothing jarring about how she acts after Joffrey's death.  As is, she'll think that Tyrion killed Joffrey and it will make her paranoid to ever trust anyone again.
1408	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	But then we get inside her head, and she seems to be exactly what we thought she would be.Not really. When we get inside her head she is a very different character, quite unhinged and crazy. She isn't there yet at this point.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 06 May 2013 - 08:53 AM.
1409	Jasta11	2013-05-06	It's less whitewashing than making her a bit more sane, IMO. I've always thought GRRM went too far with Cercei, she ended up being a caricature. If the show can rein her in a little, she<ll become a more interesting character.
					
					
							Edited by Jasta11, 06 May 2013 - 08:50 AM.
1410	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-06	This way works better for TV Cersei's arch.  If she's always been crazy, then there's nothing jarring about how she acts after Joffrey's death.  As is, she'll think that Tyrion killed Joffrey and it will make her paranoid to ever trust anyone again.Hmm IDK.  It's possible but I think it makes her descent into madness more unrealistic right now because there's not much basis for it.  There were some hints of it during the Battle of the Blackwater, but that's it.  I guess we'll have to see how it ends up playing out.
1411	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	Hmm IDK.  It's possible but I think it makes her descent into madness more unrealistic right now because there's not much basis for it.  There were some hints of it during the Battle of the Blackwater, but that's it.  I guess we'll have to see how it ends up playing out.This. I'm not saying she has to be flat out crazy, I'm saying they're making her too sane and too much of a victim. Especially this season.Not really. When we get inside her head she is a very different character, quite unhinged and crazy. She isn't there yet at this point.So you thought she wasn't unhinged before getting a POV? Because I didn't think she was particularly balanced.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 06 May 2013 - 09:01 AM.
1412	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I thought she was black/white, just like everyone else. And events of the story eventually make her go crazy.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 06 May 2013 - 09:03 AM.
1413	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	For the first three books you only see Cersei through other peoples eyes and opinions. Unreliable narrators at their finest. It's no surprise to me that seeing her through the same lens as we see every other character, she comes across as more human and sympathetic. Very well put.
1414	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	The reason why the show is showing that Joffrey did it, is to make Cersei believe that Tyrion killed Joffrey in the PW (at least to normal to viewers).
1415	Mendoza	2013-05-06	The event on Blackwater does give Tryion a clear motive to murder the King in Cersei's mind now.
1416	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	Never confirmed, but it was heavily implied. And it's also never openly attributed it on Joffrey, which is a significant change.Yep. (Cersei's supposed hand on it) it comes from an ommitted line from the books in the show, when Tyrion threatens Cersei over Tommen.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 06 May 2013 - 09:49 AM.
1417	TheEvilKing	2013-05-06	1. We don't know if it was Joffrey or Cersei in the books.
2. We don't know if it was Joffrey or Cersei in the show.
3. Cersei's first reaction to her betrothal this episode was "we could kill them both".
1418	Darkstar of Dayne	2013-05-06	Realize this - that Joffrey is a tool. He is cruel in the dumbest way possible. If he wants to kill someone, he does it the brute force way.
Cersei, on the other hand, has been known to use poison to carry out her hits (King Robert) and has a little bit more finesse. She wouldn't tell the Kingsguard to just go and kill the hand of the king in front of his whole army, as Tyrion pointed out. If Cersei wanted Tyrion dead, she would have poisoned him. Also, as someone pointed out earlier, in the battle of Blackwater, Joffrey and Mandon Moore both look towards Tyrion after saying "I trust you'll represent me on the battlefield" or something to that effect indicating a possible agreement for Mandon Moore to attempt to kill Tyrion.
1419	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	1. We don't know if it was Joffrey or Cersei in the books.2. We don't know if it was Joffrey or Cersei in the show.3. Cersei's first reaction to her betrothal this episode was "we could kill them both".She said it in jest. Or that was my take on it.Realize this - that Joffrey is a tool. He is cruel in the dumbest way possible. If he wants to kill someone, he does it the brute force way.Cersei, on the other hand, has been known to use poison to carry out her hits (King Robert) and has a little bit more finesse. She wouldn't tell the Kingsguard to just go and kill the hand of the king in front of his whole army, as Tyrion pointed out. If Cersei wanted Tyrion dead, she would have poisoned him. Also, as someone pointed out earlier, in the battle of Blackwater, Joffrey and Mandon Moore both look towards Tyrion after saying "I trust you'll represent me on the battlefield" or something to that effect indicating a possible agreement for Mandon Moore to attempt to kill Tyrion.This is all good, but it's speculation. In the books it's never stated outright and we're free to speculate and interpret it as we please. Someone pointed out it could have been done to justify Cersei believing Tyrion killed Joffrey which is possible. It's another attempt to woobify her though, because it gives foundation to her accusations.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 06 May 2013 - 10:23 AM.
1420	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-06	Again this all sounds like more unnecessary complaining. She IS still a villain.
1421	TheEvilKing	2013-05-06	She said it in jest. Or that was my take on it.Or did she? Now that Loras is the only male heir to Highgarden and QoT has agreed to his marriage, I fear for his life.Cersei has had husbands killed before.(Personally I think Joffrey will make Loras a Kingsguard to spite Tywin, just throwing this other possibility out there).
1422	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	Again this all sounds like more unnecessary complaining. She IS still a villain.Yeah well, it's my opinion and I'm not going to change it to crowd-please. You're also very free to stay out of the topic if it bothers you.Or did she? Now that Loras is the only male heir to Highgarden and QoT has agreed to his marriage, I fear for his life.Cersei has had husbands killed before.(Personally I think Joffrey will make Loras a Kingsguard to spite Tywin, just throwing this other possibility out there).Thing is, I don't believe anything will come of it. Loras will join the Kingsguard.
1423	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Or did she? Now that Loras is the only male heir to Highgarden and QoT has agreed to his marriage, I fear for his life.Cersei has had husbands killed before.(Personally I think Joffrey will make Loras a Kingsguard to spite Tywin, just throwing this other possibility out there).She didn't agree to his marriage.  Tywin was about to write up the wedding contract when the QoT broke his quill.   He will now be named to the Kingsguard. Which is also why it doesn't matter that Tyrion told Sansa about their betroval.   With Loras (the only Tyrell male and heir in the TV series) out of the picture, the Tyrells can't do anything about it anyway.
1424	WildBlood	2013-05-06	If they turn her into anything other than what she is in the books I may sit out next season and read the books again LOL
1425	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	She didn't agree to his marriage.  Tywin was about to write up the wedding contract when the QoT broke his quill.   He will now be named to the Kingsguard. Which is also why it doesn't matter that Tyrion told Sansa about their betroval.   With Loras (the only Tyrell male and heir in the TV series) out of the picture, the Tyrells can't do anything about it anyway.Sansa already knowing about the wedding it's also another way to whitewash Cersei, because now we won't get that scene in which she torments her about marrying Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 06 May 2013 - 11:05 AM.
1426	ShigellaSand	2013-05-06	They're taking away Cersei's agency. When was the last time she actually did anything herself? And I don't mean just threaten or try to interfere, I mean having an impact. When was it - Season 1? After that Tyrion took over, now it's Tywin, and all Cersei does is sit around being passive and reactive and bitching about things rather than trying to do anything about them. Oh, and waiting for Jaime to show up so he can fix things for her.
Oh, many of the decisions Cersei made in the books were stupid ones. And yes, she got men to do many of them for her. But she was a woman in a man's world who still found ways to make things happen, good or bad. Show Cersei doesn't. Her teeth have been pulled.
1427	Young Nan	2013-05-06	People are getting the impression those two have an actual loving bond somewhere, and it's very much against what defines them. They hate each other, with an undying passion, too.yep, they seem to almost have affection for each other, or at least a grudging respect.I'm not sure which people you're talking about, but no one in my group of unsullied is under any illusion that those two have a loving relationship. Anyone who reads the scene that way wasn't paying attention last week.This meeting was a meeting of 2 people in similar predicaments, trying to find a way out, weighing their options. Cersie didn't admit defeat, if anyone is ready to give up it's Tyrion. He said it "I'm fucked".  Cersie, to me at least, looked like one who hasn't yet given up.The thing is, many of the show watchers AREN'T paying close attention.  "boobs, knights, battles" is what they get from most of the episodes.My husband was saying  how you can tell they are teaming up now, and deep down they do care about each other.  I was like, no, they hate each other and constantly want to kill each other.And I'm in the camp that they are softening show cersei too much, and going in the opposite direction with Jamie.  I really hated the scene last season where they had Jamie kill his cousin after the dude talked about how much he admired him, and at the same time portrayed Cersei as somewhat sympathetic, like she was just trying to do the right thing for her kids.  The show has it backwards... JAMIE is the one doing what he does for love, Cersei because she's an evil mofo.
					
					
							Edited by Young Nan, 06 May 2013 - 11:14 AM.
1428	Gannicus	2013-05-06	Cersei still has plenty of bad things to do in the future seasons, she will be a villain and hopefully also kind of crazy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. I am a lot more worried about the whitewashing of Tyrion. In the books it's difficult to detect that Tyrion is not a nice guy. The POV structure can be deceptive, we miss Tyrion's evil deeds, we think he is wrongfully accused by the others.... but actually he isn't. In ADWD most of us came to the shocking conclusion that he is also a villain: he kills, rapes, whores, a kinslayer, and many more. In the show he does none of these things. I am sure they will still have him be a kinslayer.... but that's just not enough, most of the viewers will agree with that killing. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />The vast majority of readers don't view Tyrion as a villain.He rapes the wench in Illyrio's mansionNo he doesn't.
1429	Gannicus	2013-05-06	I seriously don't understand why people are eager to portray Tyrion or Cersei as worse humans. It changes the story a bit, but it changes it for the better imo.
1430	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Cersei in the novels was just an idiot. Not threatening, or mysterious, or sympathetic. Just a predictable idiot. Show Cersei is far more interesting.
1431	teemo	2013-05-06	I don't like television Cersei at all...I know Lena Heady is very popular and the majority of readers love her, but I don't like her adaptation or D&D's take on Cersei.  I feel like they are "improving" a character than doesn't need to be improved.  I also know a lot of people see Cersei as a cartoon villain in the books and that Heady or D&D are "humanizing" her, but I personally never thought book Cersei was all that one-dimensional.  Sure, she's crazy and cruel and mean, but she's a deeply wounded human being and I have always been able to empathize with her to a degree.  The fact that Cersei in the show looked horrified that Joffrey killed those bastards and that Heady has made comments along the lines of, "She's so scared for her son" just disappoint me.  The Cersei I know loves Joffrey's fierce attitude and sees Tommen as the weak one.  When I read the books, Cersei is one of the few characters where I don't have the actor in my head as I read.  They just seem nothing alike.  I've said before that I can relate to Cersei in some ways though - such as how she's been treated by her father and her family dynamics (minus the incest, obviously!) so I'm biased.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 01:11 PM.
1432	Young Nan	2013-05-06	I don't like television Cersei at all...I know Lena Heady is very popular and the majority of readers love her, but I don't like her adaptation or D&D's take on Cersei.  I feel like they are "improving" a character than doesn't need to be improved.  I also know a lot of people see Cersei as a cartoon villain in the books and that Heady or D&D are "humanizing" her, but I personally never thought book Cersei was all that one-dimensional.  Sure, she's crazy and cruel and mean, but she's a deeply wounded human being and I have always been able to empathize with her to a degree.  The fact that Cersei in the show looked horrified that Joffrey killed those bastards and that Heady has made comments along the lines of, "She's so scared for her son" just disappoint me.  The Cersei I know loves Joffrey's fierce attitude and sees Tommen as the weak one.  When I read the books, Cersei is one of the few characters where I don't have the actor in my head as I read.  They just seem nothing alike.  I've said before that I can relate to Cersei in some ways though - such as how she's been treated by her father and her family dynamics (minus the incest, obviously!) so I'm biased.I think that Lena Heady has missed Cersei's real motive in the books.  It isn't "protecting her children".   Deep down, the true reason she is protective of her children is because she is ruling through them, since she can't rule in her own right.  She doesn't truly love them, she loves the power they give her.  If you read her character superficially (as many of the actors have, if they have even read the books at all) at first glance, it may seem like her one good attribute is her love for her children, but a deeper look at her character shows that she only loves herself.
1433	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-06	Honestly when it came to Mandon Moore I always thought it was LF that was behind his attempt on Tyrion's life in the books.
1434	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	They're taking away Cersei's agency. When was the last time she actually did anything herself? And I don't mean just threaten or try to interfere, I mean having an impact. When was it - Season 1? After that Tyrion took over, now it's Tywin, and all Cersei does is sit around being passive and reactive and bitching about things rather than trying to do anything about them. Oh, and waiting for Jaime to show up so he can fix things for her.Oh, many of the decisions Cersei made in the books were stupid ones. And yes, she got men to do many of them for her. But she was a woman in a man's world who still found ways to make things happen, good or bad. Show Cersei doesn't. Her teeth have been pulled.This. Like button very much needed. And I think that while in the last two season she was softened, she was still herself as we saw glimpses of who she was underneath it all - the interaction and bullying of Sansa helped a lot in this sense. But this season she's just a watered down version of the worst way to portray her.yep, they seem to almost have affection for each other, or at least a grudging respect.The thing is, many of the show watchers AREN'T paying close attention.  "boobs, knights, battles" is what they get from most of the episodes.My husband was saying  how you can tell they are teaming up now, and deep down they do care about each other.  I was like, no, they hate each other and constantly want to kill each other.Thank you. I'm glad I'm the only one who noticed it gives this sort of impression on people who haven't read the books. And I don't understand why they can make Jaime or Joffrey look worse than in the books, but Cersei has no bite.I seriously don't understand why people are eager to portray Tyrion or Cersei as worse humans. It changes the story a bit, but it changes it for the better imo.How does it change it for the better? Honest question.Cersei in the novels was just an idiot. Not threatening, or mysterious, or sympathetic. Just a predictable idiot. Show Cersei is far more interesting.Again, that's not true at all. In the books she's unhinged, complex, unintentionally funny, pathetic, fierce and very resilient. "Threatening, mysterious or sympathetic" is a simplified version, a cliche character. She's actually much better than that in the books, I love to hate her. In the show she just annoys me by now. And I stress, by now. I wasn't averse to some changes that made her more rounded and enjoyed her until this season when her characterisation completely fell apart. She's nothing like her book counterpart atm.EDIT: grammar
					
					
							Edited by Door, 06 May 2013 - 01:38 PM.
1435	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I think that Lena Heady has missed Cersei's real motive in the books.  It isn't "protecting her children".   Deep down, the true reason she is protective of her children is because she is ruling through them, since she can't rule in her own right.  She doesn't truly love them, she loves the power they give her.  If you read her character superficially (as many of the actors have, if they have even read the books at all) at first glance, it may seem like her one good attribute is her love for her children, but a deeper look at her character shows that she only loves herself.In the  I'm not sure its just the power, I think she really only loves her children, and Jaime, as extensions of herself. When Jaime says in SoS that Cersei will hate him looking less like her when his hair is shaved, that was the real clincher for me. She basically wants to replicate herself, and also to basically have sex with her male mirror image.
1436	Young Nan	2013-05-06	In the  I'm not sure its just the power, I think she really only loves her children, and Jaime, as extensions of herself. When Jaime says in SoS that Cersei will hate him looking less like her when his hair is shaved, that was the real clincher for me. She basically wants to replicate herself, and also to basically have sex with her male mirror image.I agree with this too, its a combination of power-lust and narcissism that makes her defend her children so fiercely.  But definely not true love and affection for her children like show-Cersei.  I think Lena Heady has a very superficial view of what makes Cersei tick, and it comes across in the show.
1437	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	She didn't agree to his marriage.  Tywin was about to write up the wedding contract when the QoT broke his quill.   He will now be named to the Kingsguard. Which is also why it doesn't matter that Tyrion told Sansa about their betroval.   With Loras (the only Tyrell male and heir in the TV series) out of the picture, the Tyrells can't do anything about it anyway.I thought Lady Olenns broke his Quill to prevent him from signing the decree making Loras a member of the Kingsguard
1438	Faint	2013-05-06	What about Tyrion? Isn't it enough that half this board tries and fails to whitewash him on a daily basis? Very interested to see how the show plays with the conclusion to Shae's story.
1439	ServantOnIce	2013-05-06	They've been doing it since S1, most likely to create a contrast to unhinged Cersie following Joff's death. The show can never make Cersie as cartoonishly evil as she is in AFFC, they can however unhinge her mentally, and ranch up the menace. To achieve the contrast they've decided to soften her until then.This, I agree with this approach.  They are developing her in bunches. They still show moments of cruelty like, "Power is Power" to Little Finger and her being the catalyst for Eddard's Execution.I don't believe she is telling Tyrion the truth about trying to have him killed, she looked away far too long and is hopeful that Tyrion will blame Joffrey.  Varys would not and did not lie, any man who can have a sorcerer found, tortured, kindapped and shipped to him to finish off is not playing with Tyrion and not inaccurate.Varys played Ros like the piece she was, Ros was too stupid to know she was getting played. Moves done, Ros gone, folks show how cruel Varys can be and how cruel LF can be. These are the two best game players in the series on TV or in the books.
1440	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Again, that's not true at all. In the books she's unhinged, complex, unintentionally funny, pathetic, fierce and very resilient. "Threatening, mysterious or sympathetic" is a simplified version, a cliche character. She's actually much better than that in the books, I love to hate her. In the show she just annoys me by now. And I stress, by now. I wasn't averse to some changes that made her more rounded and enjoyed her until this season when her characterisation completely fell apart. She's nothing like her book counterpart atm.EDIT: grammarFair enough. I don't think she's a 1 dimensional character, but I certainly don't find her as interesting as you do.
1441	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	This, I agree with this approach.  They are developing her in bunches. They still show moments of cruelty like, "Power is Power" to Little Finger and her being the catalyst for Eddard's Execution.All of these things happened in season 1. What has she done since?
1442	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-06	All of these things happened in season 1. What has she done since?The "Power is power." line is actually from season two. I believe she also tried to 'mercifully' kill her son, Tommen, during Blackwater. Oh, and she also arrested Ros and threatened to have her murdered if anything happened to Joffrey during the battle... So yeah; she's done quite a bit to establish herself as as much of a villain as anyone else in the show (other than Joffrey, obviously, and now Ramsey).
1443	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	The "Power is power." line is actually from season two. I believe she also tried to 'mercifully' kill her son, Tommen, during Blackwater. Oh, and she also arrested Ros and threatened to have her murdered if anything happened to Joffrey during the battle... So yeah; she's done quite a bit to establish herself as as much of a villain as anyone else in the show (other than Joffrey, obviously, and now Ramsey).Not just her son. She planned to have all the noble woman killed with her. Sansa and every other young noble, and I believe their servants as well. Cersei's point of view was either "I am actually saving you from a worse fate" or "I'm going down my way and I'm taking you with me." depending on your point of view.
1444	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	The "Power is power." line is actually from season two. I believe she also tried to 'mercifully' kill her son, Tommen, during Blackwater. Oh, and she also arrested Ros and threatened to have her murdered if anything happened to Joffrey during the battle... So yeah; she's done quite a bit to establish herself as as much of a villain as anyone else in the show (other than Joffrey, obviously, and now Ramsey).Yes, you're right I was unsure (I watched season 1 and 2 back to back). What has she done this season though? I wrote it quite a few times now, I was mostly fine with season 1 and 2 Cersei. She was somewhat more sympathetic, but she was not the victim who sits around, panicking, waiting to be saved and bonding with a brother she's supposed to hate. You listed all the ways she's established herself as a villain so far, why the change of tune now?
1445	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-06	Yes, you're right I was unsure (I watched season 1 and 2 back to back). What has she done this season though? I wrote it quite a few times now, I was mostly fine with season 1 and 2 Cersei. She was somewhat more sympathetic, but she was not the victim who sits around, panicking, waiting to be saved and bonding with a brother she's supposed to hate. You listed all the ways she's established herself as a villain so far, why the change of tune now?Because the Tyrell family has - at least temporarily - unified the Lannister family. It's also essentially her fault that Sansa & Tyrion are getting married, so... And it isn't as if Cersei (in the show) was ever portrayed as one-dimensionally as she is in the books. She's a more sympathetic character in some ways, sure, but that's as simple matter of her being more fleshed out. Which has the simultaneous advantage of being interesting, in my opinion. Also keep in mind that the first half of ASoS also features very little Cersei to begin with... I'm confident we'll see her fall apart as she does in AFfC, and in the meantime I like that she's getting more facets to her character.
1446	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Her character is too cowed and weak.  As long as she turns into a Cersei similar to book cersei after Tywin is no longer around, im cool
1447	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	Because the Tyrell family has - at least temporarily - unified the Lannister family. It's also essentially her fault that Sansa & Tyrion are getting married, so... And it isn't as if Cersei (in the show) was ever portrayed as one-dimensionally as she is in the books. She's a more sympathetic character in some ways, sure, but that's as simple matter of her being more fleshed out. Which has the simultaneous advantage of being interesting, in my opinion. Also keep in mind that the first half of ASoS also features very little Cersei to begin with... I'm confident we'll see her fall apart as she does in AFfC, and in the meantime I like that she's getting more facets to her character.In early SoS she doesn't feature much, but in the show she's been appearing in every episode. Doing nothing. So, since they seem to be able to come up with scenes she didn't have in the books, I don't quite understand why these scenes can't be more character defining, rather than portraying her as cliche misunderstood 1D woobie who's waiting for her brother to come back- which is most ridiculous, since when he's back she can't wait to be rid of him, and no it's not just because "he's changed". It's because Cersei wants people around based on how useful they are.As for book Cersei being 1D... I have a serious issue with people seeing it this way. Why does a character need to be sympathetic to be interesting? Some of the best literary characters have very few redeeming qualities and you might hate them for it, that doesn't mean they're 1D. It's a misconception.
1448	BlackStark	2013-05-06	What about Tyrion? Isn't it enough that half this board tries and fails to whitewash him on a daily basis? Very interested to see how the show plays with the conclusion to Shae's story.The entire Lannister clan (Tywin included) is being whitewashed or softened with the exception of Joffrey, who is being made worse by having Cersei's actions (the slaughter of Robert's bastards, the hint that he put the hit on Tyrion) imputed to him.
1449	SeventySeven	2013-05-06	Jaime isn't. If anything last season they made him worse. His development this season is book canon, no whitewashing.
1450	Masamune	2013-05-06	I'll take the foxy killer-queen over Headey's downtrodden wife routine any day of the week, ta very much.
1451	BlackStark	2013-05-06	Jaime isn't. If anything last season they made him worse. His development this season is book canon, no whitewashing.I think in Season one we got more foreshadowing on the depth of Jaime and the genesis of the "Kingslayer".  By this I am thinking of the Robert, Barristan, Jaime conversation when they discussed Aerys' last words and his interaction with Jory.
1452	Faint	2013-05-06	Jaime isn't. If anything last season they made him worse. His development this season is book canon, no whitewashing.Agreed. It's interesting that they're too doing it with Cersei and Tyrion though. I actually understand the motivations behind the idea to go that route with Cersei since it actually adds dimensions to her character. Whereas with Tyrion, they're actually reducing him to simply being a good guy, in a terrible family, who just happens to whore around. I don't see the purpose behind that decision; it's not as if television audiences are unaccustomed to 'root' for evil characters like they were in the past, that barrier has long since been crossed (i.e., Tony Soprano, Walter White, etc.).In any case, Cersei went from almost unjustifiably black to somewhat justifiably gray, Tyrion went from somewhat justifiably gray to almost white, and Jaime, as in the novels, remains somewhat justifiably gray.
1453	Minsc	2013-05-06	I think in Season one we got more foreshadowing on the depth of Jaime and the genesis of the "Kingslayer".  By this I am thinking of the Robert, Barristan, Jaime conversation when they discussed Aerys' last words and his interaction with Jory.That is still only a hint about what would later be revealed not them deleting something unfavorable that he did, as he still pushes Bran and kills Jory and others.
1454	Bayard	2013-05-06	No he doesn't.Well, let me give a quote, even if this is a TV show topic:The girl<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth tightened. She despises me, he realized, but no more than I despise myself. That he had fucked many a woman who loathed the very sight of him, Tyrion Lannister had no doubt, but the others had at least the grace to feign affection. A little honest loathing might be refreshing, like a tart wine after too much sweet.<U+0080><U+009C>I believe I have changed my mind,<U+0080><U+009D> he told her. <U+0080><U+009C>Wait for me abed. Naked, if you please, I<U+0080><U+0099>ll be a deal too drunk to fumble at your clothing. Keep your mouth shut and your thighs open and the two of us should get on splendidly.<U+0080><U+009D> He gave her a leer, hoping for a taste of fear, but all she gave him was revulsion. No one fears a dwarf. Even Lord Tywin had not been afraid, though Tyrion had held a crossbow in his hands. <U+0080><U+009C>Do you moan when you are being fucked?<U+0080><U+009D> he asked the bedwarmer.<U+0080><U+009C>If it please m<U+0080><U+0099>lord.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>It might please m<U+0080><U+0099>lord to strangle you. That<U+0080><U+0099>s how I served my last whore. Do you think your master would object? Surely not. He has a hundred more like you, but no one else like me.<U+0080><U+009D> This time, when he grinned, he got the fear he wanted.What exactly do you think happened that night??
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 06 May 2013 - 04:29 PM.
1455	Darryk	2013-05-06	Cersei and Tyrion's relationship is being portrayed as somewhat less hateful then in the books. I don't have any problem with that.
Tyrion in the show doesn't say some of the..."unworthy" - as Jaime would put it...things to Cersei that he does in the books, so there's no reason for their relationship to be as hateful as it is in the books, Until the PW and Tywin's death anyway.
1456	HouseHarrison	2013-05-06	They're doing a good job with her. Cersei was able to tolerate Tyrion's presence until Joffrey's death, which she immediately blamed on him. After that, her unease caused by the "Little Brother" prophecy came to the forefront.
1457	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	I think in Season one we got more foreshadowing on the depth of Jaime and the genesis of the "Kingslayer".  By this I am thinking of the Robert, Barristan, Jaime conversation when they discussed Aerys' last words and his interaction with Jory.But that's not whitewashing, that's developing what's already there, and just letting the viewer appreciate it a bit earlier.That's the thing about Jaime's character development in the books.  Yes, some of it is him become much more grey due to events in the story, but a good deal of it is also shedding light on who he was before, and showing the reader that the Jaime of GoT/CoK was ALREADY greyer than the reader thought, due to the nature of the perspectives he was viewed in.Basically what I'm saying is, fleshing out Jaime's backstory earlier doesn't "whitewash" Jaime the PERSON, because he IS the same person he was in the books at that point, we just know more about him.
1458	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	Cersei and Tyrion's relationship is being portrayed as somewhat less hateful then in the books. I don't have any problem with that.Tyrion in the show doesn't say some of the..."unworthy" - as Jaime would put it...things to Cersei that he does in the books, so there's no reason for their relationship to be as hateful as it is in the books, Until the PW and Tywin's death anyway.Y'know, I don't think the show is suggesting they don't despise each other, because they clearly still do in the show even with some of these less confrontational moments.I think what the show is trying to illustrate with these scenes is that, as much as they hate each other, they're also the only people around who can appreciate each others' problems (because those problems are largely the same and largely stem from their father).
1459	ellevt	2013-05-06	I think in the show they will show the simultaneous meltdowns of 2 mothers of kings, both who lost their sons at weddings. 
Both Cersei and UnCat become paranoid, violent, and distrustful after the purple and red weddings. I think the writers will try to show their deterioration almost in parallel. 
Cersei has to be softened up a bit to make the transition more shocking.
1460	Minsc	2013-05-06	I think in the show they will show the simultaneous meltdowns of 2 mothers of kings, both who lost their sons at weddings.Both Cersei and UnCat become paranoid, violent, and distrustful after the purple and red weddings. I think the writers will try to show their deterioration almost in parallel.Cersei has to be softened up a bit to make the transition more shocking.Catelyn doesn't deserve to be derailed into being a parallel to Cersei, seeing how she was actually a decent and smart person while Cersei was an idiotic and vile person.
1461	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I think it's going to be so much nicer with Cersei going more insane with real reasons and not the stupid prophecy, her paranoia of the tyrells, her grief over joff's death. much less a cartoon villain, i can't wait for cersei's descent into madness in the show.
1462	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Catelyn doesn't deserve to be derailed into being a parallel to Cersei, seeing how she was actually a decent and smart person while Cersei was an idiotic and vile person.Cat loses all of that decency when she's resurrected. Sort of the price you pay. Beric becomes crazily obsessed with winning the country back for the smallfolk and Cat becomes crazily obsessed with vengeance.
1463	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-06	Yeah well, it's my opinion and I'm not going to change it to crowd-please. You're also very free to stay out of the topic if it bothers you.Thing is, I don't believe anything will come of it. Loras will join the Kingsguard.Who said I was bothered? I merely find it unnecessary and a little laughable.
1464	Minsc	2013-05-06	Cat loses all of that decency when she's resurrected. Sort of the price you pay. Beric becomes crazily obsessed with winning the country back for the smallfolk and Cat becomes crazily obsessed with vengeance.That is what makes her tragic, through I disagree that she doesn't still care for the smallfolk she did build that orphanage.
1465	Jasta11	2013-05-06	I just hope they leave Cercei's prophecy out of the show. I know it's integral to her character, but that was GRMM's worst bit of writing. This story doesn't need more prophecies, and it certainly doesn't need a catch-all explanation for a character's actions. Cercei going mad because her son and father have been assassinated by Tyrion seems credible to me, we know she's already an unhinged person, she's just less extreme about it than in the books.
1466	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I just hope they leave Cercei's prophecy out of the show. I know it's integral to her character, but that was GRMM's worst bit of writing. This story doesn't need more prophecies, and it certainly doesn't need a catch-all explanation for a character's actions. Cercei going mad because her son and father have been assassinated by Tyrion seems credible to me, we know she's already an unhinged person, she's just less extreme about it than in the books.I SO AGREE.
1467	Cadiva	2013-05-06	She didn't agree to his marriage.  Tywin was about to write up the wedding contract when the QoT broke his quill.   He will now be named to the Kingsguard. Which is also why it doesn't matter that Tyrion told Sansa about their betroval.   With Loras (the only Tyrell male and heir in the TV series) out of the picture, the Tyrells can't do anything about it anyway.Twyin was on the point of drawing up an order drafting Loras into the Kingsguard, not starting to write a wedding contract. He specifically said, "shall I start writing the order" when he got the quill.
1468	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	I'll take the foxy killer-queen over Headey's downtrodden wife routine any day of the week, ta very much.Thank you, its almost poster suicide to talk about Headey's weak portrayal of Cersei on here.  She's terrible.
1469	wolverine	2013-05-06	TBH, after two readings of the series I hardly remember Cersei's prophesy.  I do have a bit of a blind spot for paying close attention to prophesy though.
1470	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	I wasn't a fan of Lena Headey during S1 but she's grown on me at this point, and in fact I find her rendition of the character more intriguing than the one in the novels.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 06 May 2013 - 08:06 PM.
1471	Landis	2013-05-06	Totally get where OP is coming from, but at the same time (call it my projection, if you want), I don't find Lena Headey's portrayal of Cersei to be too different from my interpretation of her in the books. Rather, I suppose I find myself sympathizing with TV Cersei for many of the same reasons that I sympathize with book Cersei, who I've always seen as a character similar to Arya in a lot of ways, but forced unwillingly into the role of Sansa by her father's conservatism. I always understood that Cersei would have preferred the man's role (this is spoken to in the books and in the show), but unlike Arya, she was refused a sword, an opinion, or any sense of control over her future. Having always viewed Cersei's central conflict as being this difficulty reconciling femininity with strength (just as Arya does), I have not been overly concerned with the TV portrayal, because I find that it has maintained the often contradictory nature of that internal struggle (in fact, I would say this season has been very good at showing this, particularly the last two or three episodes where you have seen corresponding interactions with Olenna and Tywin).
As for the lack of agency that as been mentioned, I admit to having been bothered about Joffrey being credited with the murder of Robert's bastards, though I have to say that it is more my issue with the character development of Joffrey, who I feel has been at times too evil (season 2 had some choice scenes) and then remarkably inconsistent this season. Regarding the perceived pawning off of the attempt to assassinate Tyrion, I was given the impression from the episode that it absolutely WAS Cersei who ordered it, and that Tyrion knew it and Cersei knew that he knew it... I interpreted it as Cersei saying that it was Joffrey, with Tyrion recognizing Cersei was lying, and continuing in his usual way of berating his sister by saying "Oh, well "Joffrey" shouldn't have done that, "Joffrey" should have known that that was a stupid idea." Is that not a game of implication that they have played on previous occasions?
You also mentioned that when you finally got a Cersei POV chapter, the inside of her head was much to the effect of what you had expected; I differ from you here. The impression I had built up of Cersei from out side perspectives tended towards the idea of her being the "Big Bad"; I was initially very disappointed when I got to book four and saw what a mess she was in reality. But at the same time, there are very "traumatic" things that happen to the character in the immediate lead up and during her first POV chapters, that very realistically would have contributed to her book four persona being drastically different from how she was previously, namely that she has lost her entire family and power foundation in one way or another almost at once (Joffrey is dead, Tywin is dead, Tyrion supposedly killed them both and is gone, Jaime has lost the swordhand that defined him).
I think the major difficultly is that we don't currently have much reference for what is actually going on with Cersei prior to book four in terms of what her motivations for doing certain things are. Because we only get her POV after she has been basically striped of everything she had previously depended on for power, the perception we have based on that should necessarily be read warily, just as we need to be careful with the first three books, where our understanding of her is polarized in the opposite direction in that it is entirely outside-looking-in, and she is also in a relatively "safe" power position. I am expecting Cersei to have another "character flip" in book six however, which will hopefully shed some more light on what was going on earlier in the series.
Either way, I haven't yet found a change that was incompatible with my own understanding of Cersei, which appears to be running slightly askew of your own, Door. Actually, there seems to be quite a variety of interpretations of the character on the thread, which is making me wonder about both how ambiguously the character is written, as well as how far all the posters have read in the series... Has everyone finished Dance?
1472	Gannicus	2013-05-06	How does it change it for the better? Honest question.I think that Cersei and Tyrion are more believable characters in the show.  It is easier for viewers to relate with these characters now and we will be able to sympathize with them more as they spiral out of control in the later seasons.
1473	Minsc	2013-05-06	I think that Cersei and Tyrion are more believable characters in the show.  It is easier for viewers to relate with these characters now and we will be able to sympathize with them more as they spiral out of control in the later seasons.How are they more believable characters?  Tyrion is basically an one dimensional hero character that is only motivated by his nobleness and honor, while all not even suffering the flaws of Ned's naivete because he is also politically intelligent and capable.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 06 May 2013 - 11:56 PM.
1474	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Thank you, its almost poster suicide to talk about Headey's weak portrayal of Cersei on here.  She's terrible.Go rewatch Blackwater again and again and again, and think about how wrong you are.
1475	Gannicus	2013-05-07	Well, let me give a quote, even if this is a TV show topic:What exactly do you think happened that night??Nothing based on the next conversation Tyrion had with Illyrio."If I had wanted a girl I would have asked."Tyrion is acting like a jerk but his intent is never to have sex with that one, only to make her feeel uncomfortable. Of course he later sleeps with the slex slave near Volantis, but not Illyrio's.
1476	Gannicus	2013-05-07	I think it's going to be so much nicer with Cersei going more insane with real reasons and not the stupid prophecy, her paranoia of the tyrells, her grief over joff's death. much less a cartoon villain, i can't wait for cersei's descent into madness in the show.I totally agree. As it stands in the books I have little to no sympathy for Cersei seeing as she killed her friend when she was a girl. She was a cartoon villain. Everyone will be able to see and understand her descent now.  There is plenty of time for her to show her strength and desire for power.
1477	Gannicus	2013-05-07	How are they more believable characters?  Tyrion is basically an one dimensional hero character that is only motivated by his nobleness and honor, while all not even suffering the flaws of Ned's naivete because he is also politically intelligent and capable.Both he and Cersei are clearly more relatable and believable.I don't agree about his motivations either. When does he talk of honor or nobility? He is clearly still motivated by the need to be loved, appreciated, respected, and win his father's approval. His taste for wine and whores is still a part of his character as well. Although he has been portrayed as a good guy he's not at all one dimensional.It's the shows goal to make watchers invested in the characters. If the show was to portray all the shitty things Tyrion does a lot of viewers would view him as just another Lannister.Now If you asked most casual readers how they felt about Tyrion mid way through ASOS, most people would say they liked him, and that he's basically a good guy in a bad family. Readers and watchers are supposed to like Tyrion at this stage. Like Cersei it makes it easier for people to sympathize as they fall into oblivion.----------------------------------------------------------------That said even if they were to turn Tyrion into a good guy throughout the show, why would it really matter? Tyrion's bad deeds have very little impact on the story outside of the killing of Tywin. So you guys are mad because he isn't grey for the sake of greyness? I don't get why it's important for the show to portray that?I understand why it behooves them to create more likable characters.
1478	Demandred	2013-05-07	There's still plenty of time for her to get unhinged. I'm personally enjoying this humanised Cersei as she was a bit over the top in the latter books for my taste.
1479	Minsc	2013-05-07	It's the shows goal to make watchers invested in the characters. If the show was to portray all the shitty things Tyrion does a lot of viewers would view him as just another Lannister.You mean they would portray him like his actual character?  That is part of the point of Tyrion, while he might be nobler then the rest of his family he is still a Lannister and Tywin's son thus he has inner demons he must face.  Here, he doesn't do anything really unlikable and his only flaw seems that he wants to be loved by his father. Moreover, yes he likes wine and whores but is either of those portrayed unfavorable at all?  Not really, seeing how he isn't portrayed as a drunken lecherous chad like Robert instead he is just a man who enjoys a fine drink and seems to have captured a whore with a heart of gold.If they want to make more likable characters why do they seem content to make Robb a total douche, Blackfish a mean spirited bully, and Jon a total doofus.  Seriously, there is no shortage of characters that are likable in ASOIAF nor is Tyrion completely unlikable even with his dark acts.  Thus, there is no need to whitewash Tryrion into being Ned's perfect son.
1480	House Lothston	2013-05-07	I didn't really see it as White-Washing of Cersei, as I also believe that it was Littlefinger who ordered the killing of Tyrion.
The Kingsguard at that moment was a joke anyways and just because Tyrion (and Cersei too, as it was implied in this scene) believe they only take orders from the royal family, I'm pretty sure, that the likes of Blount and Trant can certainly be bought as well.
And when it comes to Moore, there were a lot of connections to the vale implied in the books as well. It was mentioned that he came with Arryn, just like Littlefinger... and in the first scene he had a bigger part in (when he blocked a door in front of Tyrion), GRRM deliberately pointed out that he was from the vale, as Tyrion mentioned the death of Ser Vardis to him. Maybe that was already a small hint, that he could be Littlefingers man?
Also, i think, that LF would have a good reason as well. Tyrions trick, when he threw Pycelle into the dungeons didn't only hurt LFs pride but that was the first time, that he realized how dangerous the imp could be for his schemes. After all Tyrion also knew, that he lied about the dagger before.
					
					
							Edited by House Lothston, 07 May 2013 - 03:18 AM.
1481	SeventySeven	2013-05-07	Who said I was bothered? I merely find it unnecessary and a little laughable.When you're done laughing you should really just be fruitful and multiply. And I'm trying to be polite here.I just hope they leave Cercei's prophecy out of the show. I know it's integral to her character, but that was GRMM's worst bit of writing. This story doesn't need more prophecies, and it certainly doesn't need a catch-all explanation for a character's actions. Cercei going mad because her son and father have been assassinated by Tyrion seems credible to me, we know she's already an unhinged person, she's just less extreme about it than in the books.They will. They've left them all out, or nearly, as far as I can tell.Totally get where OP is coming from, but at the same time (call it my projection, if you want), I don't find Lena Headey's portrayal of Cersei to be too different from my interpretation of her in the books. Rather, I suppose I find myself sympathizing with TV Cersei for many of the same reasons that I sympathize with book Cersei, who I've always seen as a character similar to Arya in a lot of ways, but forced unwillingly into the role of Sansa by her father's conservatism. I always understood that Cersei would have preferred the man's role (this is spoken to in the books and in the show), but unlike Arya, she was refused a sword, an opinion, or any sense of control over her future. Having always viewed Cersei's central conflict as being this difficulty reconciling femininity with strength (just as Arya does), I have not been overly concerned with the TV portrayal, because I find that it has maintained the often contradictory nature of that internal struggle (in fact, I would say this season has been very good at showing this, particularly the last two or three episodes where you have seen corresponding interactions with Olenna and Tywin).You see, my problem is that I don't sympathise much with Cersei, and whenever I do it doesn't last for very long. And I'm totally cool with that; I don't need to sympathise with a character to enjoy it, and Cersei's faults are also what makes her a good reading. Often, there are simply no excuses to how horrible she can be, and this unapologetic nature to "being bad" is part of her charm. If she wasn't as disturbing as she is, she would be the cliche evil queen who's actually not too bad, and I'm so over that sort of character, which is what she appears to be in the show. GRRM's writing is so compelling exactly because most his characters are not boring-ass cliches. Her conflict in the books is interesting because, yes life has been unfair and she is a victim, but she's just as much of an aggressor, and what makes her so tragic is that there's no way out because she can't see it. She's not misunderstood, she's deranged and utterly blind. I pity her, but I don't sympathise in a traditional way.In this season she's too weak, and I never saw Cersei as weak and defeat, not even in her worst moments. She's resilient, and does not back down. Ever. Show Cersei does, which makes very cliche-y, unfortunately.As for the lack of agency that as been mentioned, I admit to having been bothered about Joffrey being credited with the murder of Robert's bastards, though I have to say that it is more my issue with the character development of Joffrey, who I feel has been at times too evil (season 2 had some choice scenes) and then remarkably inconsistent this season. Regarding the perceived pawning off of the attempt to assassinate Tyrion, I was given the impression from the episode that it absolutely WAS Cersei who ordered it, and that Tyrion knew it and Cersei knew that he knew it... I interpreted it as Cersei saying that it was Joffrey, with Tyrion recognizing Cersei was lying, and continuing in his usual way of berating his sister by saying "Oh, well "Joffrey" shouldn't have done that, "Joffrey" should have known that that was a stupid idea." Is that not a game of implication that they have played on previous occasions?Still, would Cersei ever let Joffrey get any blame?As for character interpretation, the fact many view her differently isn't surprising and I think it happens with many characters, especially when they're complex. Still, there are certain aspects of Cersei, that unless you romanticise her as I've seen some people doing, should be quite blatant for everyone to see. I completely reject the idea that in the books she's "cartoonish" as some have wrote in this thread.I think that Cersei and Tyrion are more believable characters in the show.  It is easier for viewers to relate with these characters now and we will be able to sympathize with them more as they spiral out of control in the later seasons.Again, why do we need to relate and sympahise with characters to enjoy them? Did you sympathise with Dracula in the books? Do you sympathise with Patrick Bateman in American Psycho? Hannibal Lecter? Norman Bates? Annie Wilkes? Ben in Lost? Heisenberg in Breaking Bad? Humanising characters to the point of making them weak is lazy writing, and takes away much of what makes them interesting to begin with.Go rewatch Blackwater again and again and again, and think about how wrong you are.But that was one of the few times Cersei appeared to be the Cersei we know. Not surprisingly, IIRC that episode was written by GRRM. Headey is totally up for the job, it seems that what doesn't allow her to go there is the writing.
1482	Gannicus	2013-05-07	You mean they would portray him like his actual character?  That is part of the point of Tyrion, while he might be nobler then the rest of his family he is still a Lannister and Tywin's son thus he has inner demons he must face.  Here, he doesn't do anything really unlikable and his only flaw seems that he wants to be loved by his father.Look, I know they've changed him. The show is going to be different than book, but in truth it works better this way. It especially translates better to television as we would not be privy to his inner dialog.I don't know that Tyrion's character has a singular point.  He a character that the majority of readers rooted for, certainly until the end of ASOS, even though we rooted against his house. I think D&D are doing a great job of generating the same feeling for viewers.If they want to make more likable characters why do they seem content to make Robb a total douche, Blackfish a mean spirited bully, and Jon a total doofus.  Seriously, there is no shortage of characters that are likable in ASOIAF nor is Tyrion completely unlikable even with his dark acts.  Thus, there is no need to whitewash Tryrion into being Ned's perfect son.I don't really agree what you''re saying about those characters either. Robb "You're paying for my sins, I won't forget this uncle," doesn't seem like a douche but a naive teenager who fell in love.I'm sorry but there is a need to have viewers be invested in the characters. Especially with so many of the other "favorites" being killed. That's my biggest problem with boardwalk empire right now is I don't really know who to root for.Even In the show, Tyrion is nothing like Ned or any of the other Starks. He has a good heart but that's about where the similarities stop.We have to accept that the show is not the book and enjoy it for what it is. Still a great television show.
1483	Sniraga	2013-05-07	I've been disliking the whitewashing of Tyrion for some time now, but in a way, it isn't as disturbing as the similar-ish treatment to Cersei. Like so many others here, I liked that the book Cersei was constanty trying to do something, trying to play the game even though she occasionally overestimated her own abilities and/or failed. The show Cersei... what has she done recently expect complain how Joffrey is out of her control or moaned about the role and the prospects of the women in Westeros? D&D are reducing her into a less active character, just like they have done with Catelyn.
1484	Gannicus	2013-05-07	You see, my problem is that I don't sympathise much with Cersei, and whenever I do it doesn't last for very long. And I'm totally cool with that; I don't need to sympathise with a character to enjoy it, and Cersei's faults are also what makes her a good reading. Often, there are simply no excuses to how horrible she can be, and this unapologetic nature to "being bad" is part of her charm. If she wasn't as disturbing as she is, she would be the cliche evil queen who's actually not too bad, and I'm so over that sort of character, which is what she appears to be in the show. GRRM's writing is so compelling exactly because most his characters are not boring-ass cliches. Her conflict in the books is interesting because, yes life has been unfair and she is a victim, but she's just as much of an aggressor, and what makes her so tragic is that there's no way out because she can't see it. She's not misunderstood, she's deranged and utterly blind. I pity her, but I don't sympathise in a traditional way.She has plenty of time to grow into the evil paranoid Queen we see in AFFC. Only this way her paranoia will make more sense. She'll lose it when her father and son are killed.We already saw the conniving woman in Season 1 with Ned and season 2 with Tyrion's whore(Ros). She'll start to spiral and become the cartoon you want but give it a season or two.In this season she's too weak, and I never saw Cersei as weak and defeat, not even in her worst moments. She's resilient, and does not back down. Ever. Show Cersei does, which makes very cliche-y, unfortunately.How do you mean weak, because recognizes Joffrey is a rotten seed? She always bent to Tywin and Joffrey but never to Tyrion, Robert, or anyone else. I think she holds serve in the show. The only cliche would be an evil queen, driven by a prophesy. But she isn't close to inherently good. She is still a selfish, ambitious, and mean.Again, why do we need to relate and sympahise with characters to enjoy them? Did you sympathise with Dracula in the books? Do you sympathise with Patrick Bateman in American Psycho? Hannibal Lecter? Norman Bates? Annie Wilkes? Ben in Lost? Heisenberg in Breaking Bad? Humanising characters to the point of making them weak is lazy writing, and takes away much of what makes them interesting to begin with.You can enjoy them without sympathizing, but I find her humanization more believable and in turn her character more compelling. I don't find book Cersei at all interesting except to watch the train wreck. It would have been much lazy for the writers to create a character as obvious as Cersei was a times in AFFC.To be honest I didn't like some of  those books, shows, or movies at all and I didn't like any of them as much as I like AGOT. She hasn't been made weaker imo, only more sane.
1485	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	I think far more people root for the show lannisters minus joff at thos point.
What's not to like, they're pretty much all great people.  Tywin's a bit strict, but you need to be to rule the 7 kingdoms.  
This ties in with why I dont like her portrayal. I love the prophesy, i love that book cersei is a haunted, paranoid sociopath.  I dont want her cowed by Joff and emotional. I have no need for her to be a misunderstood womann acting how anyone would act.
1486	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	The Arya/Cersei comparison makes me throw up in my mouth.  Cersei was mean spirited and almost evil since birth.  Just because they were uncomfortable with their expected roles as women doesnt mean they're comparable really
1487	eyeheartsansa	2013-05-07	I don't think she is whitewashed at all; we still get glimpses of crazy.  She is pretty horrible in the Blackwater episode.  She was fully prepared to commit suicide and kill Tommen as well (in the episode that George wrote!).  She mentions the time she had the servant girl's hand cut off for stealing (she never stole again!).  The way she acted so smugly towards Tyrion about marrying Sansa, and then the look on her face when Tywin turned the tables on her; that was a beautiful crystallization of the family dynamic and in my opinion very faithful to the books.  We will see her true colors when Joff is killed and when Tywin isn't around to constrain her.  And it's going to be some fantastic TV.
1488	David of Kent	2013-05-07	Cersei's real decline will come when Joff is murdered and Jaime is back and then gone again.  As with some other things from the books, it's just impossible to show too much of her and have her slow descent heavily featured when they have so much to cram in.
1489	SeventySeven	2013-05-07	How do you mean weak, because recognizes Joffrey is a rotten seed? She always bent to Tywin and Joffrey but never to Tyrion, Robert, or anyone else. I think she holds serve in the show. The only cliche would be an evil queen, driven by a prophesy. But she isn't close to inherently good. She is still a selfish, ambitious, and mean.I mean weak because there's a huge contrast to the Cersei of previous seasons, and season 3 Cersei, who apparently spends her time panicking like a deer caught in headlights, wait for Jaime to save her, and bond with a brother she hates (and said hatred is a major plot point for next season!). Come on, it's like they've shifted her direction completely. There's nothing cliche or cartoonish in allowing a character to have a very black side among the gray, in fact it's quite daring.I think far more people root for the show lannisters minus joff at thos point.What's not to like, they're pretty much all great people.  Tywin's a bit strict, but you need to be to rule the 7 kingdoms.  This. It's simplified. And in Cersei's case the softening worked fine when Robert was still around; it added a lot of very much needed backstory and it was heartbreaking. In season 2 they still got it right, despite a few hiccups. Cersei in season 3 is a woobie, victim of everyone but no aggressor. In this last episode she was even semi-worrying about breaking the news to Sansa... I mean, Sansa! The same Sansa she was tormenting about being raped at the end of a battle. The same Sansa she drags to get married to Tyrion in the books.Cersei's real decline will come when Joff is murdered and Jaime is back and then gone again.  As with some other things from the books, it's just impossible to show too much of her and have her slow descent heavily featured when they have so much to cram in.She's the one sending him away because he annoys her and doesn't do as he's told.
1490	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	Yea, there's time enough for a recovery, but I'm missing book Cersei now.  
One or two accurare inidents in the last 10-15 episodes doesnt do much for me.
1491	eyeheartsansa	2013-05-07	But she IS aggressive.  She's the one who sent LF to get intel on the Tyrells.  She was the catalyst for that whole chain of events.
1492	House Lothston	2013-05-07	Cersei was pretty reasonable in Book 1 actually and she actually had a rather good grasp on politics I think. She was far from being a good person... but she lectured Jaime, that he didn't have to throw Bran out of the window. She also knew what Ned Starks death would mean
It was getting worse and worse in every book I think and after Joffrey's death, she was a nutcase, not able to comprehend even the most obvious things, not to mention that she was simply doing plain evil things as well. Can't say, that I liked this change too much, but oh well.
However, I liked the Season 3 Cersei so far though... she had a few great scenes as well... she was mocking Joffrey at the dinner with the Tyrells, which was a delight... And it was interesting to see her getting a bit intimitated by her own son as well.
I still think of her as a strong woman, because let's face it... in front of Tywin even the strongest character of the books might look weak and intimitated.
And I never had the feeling that Tyrion and Cersei care for each other. It's just their own misery at the moment, which is stoping them from mocking each other.
					
					
							Edited by House Lothston, 07 May 2013 - 10:06 AM.
1493	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	But she IS aggressive.  She's the one who sent LF to get intel on the Tyrells.  She was the catalyst for that whole chain of events.She is eyeballing the Tyrells, true enough.  But the scenes like the one with Tyrion make me crazy.
1494	JaTyAdo	2013-05-07	You see, my problem is that I don't sympathise much with Cersei, and whenever I do it doesn't last for very long. And I'm totally cool with that; I don't need to sympathise with a character to enjoy it, and Cersei's faults are also what makes her a good reading. Often, there are simply no excuses to how horrible she can be, and this unapologetic nature to "being bad" is part of her charm. If she wasn't as disturbing as she is, she would be the cliche evil queen who's actually not too bad, and I'm so over that sort of character, which is what she appears to be in the show. GRRM's writing is so compelling exactly because most his characters are not boring-ass cliches. Her conflict in the books is interesting because, yes life has been unfair and she is a victim, but she's just as much of an aggressor, and what makes her so tragic is that there's no way out because she can't see it. She's not misunderstood, she's deranged and utterly blind. I pity her, but I don't sympathise in a traditional way.In this season she's too weak, and I never saw Cersei as weak and defeat, not even in her worst moments. She's resilient, and does not back down. Ever. Show Cersei does, which makes very cliche-y, unfortunately. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  so so so much!!!I've only watched clips from youtube since HBO Asia is late and I couldn't keep up..(gotta wait for torrents /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ).. The whitewashing they did in the previous seasons are fine and really interesting, adds more depth to her character.. and btw, I'm someone who has watched the shows first(up to season 2) then read the books(and now frustrated by some uncessary changes of the show)... and had to admit, I find her quite surprising when I got inside her head... I don't know why people could still like the Cersei from season 3, all she does is whine.. I am someone that hates Cersei very much but admires her at the same time for being strong.. But in this season, the lionness in her is not showing!! BRING BACK MY FIERCE CERSEI!!!  I don't see how book Cersei is not interesting.. I hate her but there are some of her qualities that I find admirable that's why I find her intriguing.. and yes, the way the show approach Cersei in this season is making her some misunderstood weak cliche, it was better in the previous seasons..
1495	Frumpus	2013-05-07	Again this all sounds like more unnecessary complaining. She IS still a villain.Not until when she starts getting her own POV chapters. Then she becomes a protagonist just like Jaime and the rest.
1496	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	I think she is whitewashed to book readers, but the non-book readers that I have spoken with pretty much hate her.  So I get how she comes across differently in the show (and I think some of that is attributed to Lena Headey really humanizing her) but she is still very much a villain.
1497	The Fourth Head	2013-05-07	You're right and yes they could, but it doesn't feel as organic. She should be slowly sliding into the type of person she becomes by now. It doesn't have the same impact if it happens suddenly after Joffrey and Tywin die. She's had no character development at all this season, all she seems to do is... Fret. Which is very un-Cersei.You can't view Cercei in a bubble. The present circumstances do not allow her to be the uber-villain. Tywins' return to KL has cramped her style.Just as Tywin is the only one who can truly dominate Tyrion, so Tywin is the boss of Cercei. She is no match for Tywin Lannister and she knows it, and most of her season 3 plot so far involves Tywin and the effects of his decisions. It is easy to empathise with someone beaten and feeling sorry for themselves after being told to marry someone- but it's exactly how she would have reacted in the books too. She felt she was in charge whilst Tywin was off in the field. When Tywin returns to KL and takes up the reins, his overbearing presence looms over her again and if Daddy says marry someone- she does it, Queen Regent or not. I thought the scene on the show where Tywin puts Cercei down for not being able to control Joffrey was crucial in underlying the fact that Tywin still has the psychological edge over her- she needs to ask daddy to bring her child to heel. Ouch! In the books, she wasn't allowed to have a say in Tyrion's trial, and it makes perfect sense that her hostility towards the Tyrells is kept in check by her father's desire to maintain the alliance.Hers is not a gradual descent into villainy- that is too simplistic and ignores a crucial family dynamic. Whilst Tywin is around, she needs to stay chaste, uphold the Lannister name, and stay off the sauce. She can still threaten the likes of Littlefinger, bitch about Sansa and Margary, or feel smug at Tyrion's misfortune, but she is living under Tywins' shadow and with skeletons in the closet to boot. The fact is, we all act differently when  we are around other people, and an authoritarian overbearing father is a classic example of this.It also helps to explain Cercei's arrogant backlash when he is not around as she attempts to fill his shoes. All her inherent arrogance, bottled up and bruised in Tywin's presence gets unleashed when he is no longer there. She attempts to impose herself excessively, recklessly, in a hot-headed inexperienced fashion when the opportunity finally comes along. It's classic bullied turned bully, and helps explain more layers to her personality. She is a child let loose.Another aspect currently is that she is now dealing with a much tougher and more subtle rival than Sansa Stark, one with far more aces up her sleeves. With QofT, Margary, Joffrey, Tyrion and Tywin all in town, she simply doesn't rule the roost. Whatever she does or says to other people could get back to Tywin and as such, she has to watch herself. That doesn't make Cercei any less of a villain, nor does it mean that when Joff/QofT/Tywin/Tyrion clear out, she can't revert back to her reckless ways unchecked without people putting it down to a personality shift.Its a change in circumstance- no more, no less- and underlined further by the fact that in ACOK, Joffrey and Tyrion stand up to her whereas in AFFC, there is only a gentle Jamie, and Tommen is naturally more compliant, allowing her free reign to do as she wishes due to differing social dynamics- not due to her becoming "a villain" . We all feel sorry for victims, for the repressed, but that doesn't make them a nice person all of a sudden. She demonstrated no remorse or sympathy when confronted by Tyrion about the assassination attempt- only embarrassment when he narrows down the suspects to her or her son, and when she tried being nice to Tyrion in the first scene of the series, it was a desperately poor effort, and only for the purposes of trying to find out if he intended to tell tales on her to father.No- IMO, Cercei is exactly the same person as ever, but operating under vastly different circumstances. IMO, she was the same person in GOT as she is in AFFC, trying to get rid of anyone who stands in her way. With nobody cramping her style at all in AFFC, she really gets to show her true colours.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 07 May 2013 - 03:22 PM.
1498	Frumpus	2013-05-07	I think she is whitewashed to book readers, but the non-book readers that I have spoken with pretty much hate her.  So I get how she comes across differently in the show (and I think some of that is attributed to Lena Headey really humanizing her) but she is still very much a villain.I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.
1499	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.I think she is painted that way until we find out some things attributed to her were done by other people. But she once Joffrey dies, she definitely engages in some villainous behavior with her use of Qyburn. Plus, she get Lady killed and I think some people will never forgive her for her part in that one. I think she is an interesting character and while I never like her, I do enjoy her story and feel some sympathy for her b/c she is so clearly messed up mentally and delusional about herself.
1500	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	well this season we have seen her witnessing the Tyrells power play and trying to get Tywin and Joffrey to react to her, she is finding that she has no power now or her traditional power base ha been removed, she cannot manipulate Jofferey as she once did and Tywin has always been beyond her power, she is trying to exercise power and findng she cant, thus her frustration which will lead to her craziness. actually as I think of it it is beig done fairly well.
1501	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.Really?  Let's see.  She had her husband killed.  She raised, groomed, enabled and encouraged her psychopathic son to be as psychopathic as he wished to be, leading directly to the death of Ned Stark.  She had Sansa's wolf killed for no reason.  She allowed Sansa Stark to be brutalized by her psychopathic son.  She had all of Robert's bastard children killed.  She ruined her brother's life and turned on him as soon he defied her.  She bullies and emotionally abuses Tommen.  She sends her allies to be tortured by a defrocked maester.There is plenty to hate about her and there is no redemption arc, unlike Jamie she gets worse not better as the story progresses.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 07 May 2013 - 05:24 PM.
1502	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.Is this a joke?
1503	Young Nan	2013-05-07	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.is that a serious post?   she sends all of her enemies to be tortured in a dungeon by qyburn.  she has sex with half of kings landing, then accuses a bunch of innocent teenage girls of doing just that.  she orders soldiers to rip babies out of their mothers' arms and kill them, both in lannisport and kings landing.  and we shouldn't hate her because she hasn't killed anyone highborn? she is probably one of the worst human beings in the books.also, a redemption arc comparable to Jamie? Jamie sees the error of his ways and begins changing as a person.  cersei confesses so the septas will stop messing with her, and even when she does confess, she denies half of what she really did do.   she has done some evil shit, but takes responsibility for none of it, always blaming others for her own problems and mistakes.  she hasn't had a redemption arc at all, let alone one comparable to Jamie.
					
					
							Edited by Young Nan, 07 May 2013 - 05:50 PM.
1504	Minsc	2013-05-07	she has sex with half of kings landing, She has had sex with Jaime, Robert, Lancel, and Kettlebeck other then that we have no other major examples.
1505	Young Nan	2013-05-07	She has had sex with Jaime, Robert, Lancel, and Kettlebeck other then that we have no other major examples.don't split hairs, you know what I mean.  she sleeps around to get people to do what she wants, then accuses a bunch of teens of sleeping with a bunch of those same people.
1506	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	Really?  Let's see.  She had her husband killed.  She raised, groomed, enabled and encouraged her psychopathic son to be as psychopathic as he wished to be, leading directly to the death of Ned Stark.  She had Sansa's wolf killed for no reason.  She allowed Sansa Stark to be brutalized by her psychopathic son.  She had all of Robert's bastard children killed.  She ruined her brother's life and turned on him as soon he defied her.  She bullies and emotionally abuses Tommen.  She sends her allies to be tortured by a defrocked maester.There is plenty to hate about her and there is no redemption arc, unlike Jamie she gets worse not better as the story progresses.she also had children with her twin and tortured her little brother, along with murdering another child in cold blood.Whats the problem?
1507	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	don't split hairs, you know what I mean.  she sleeps around to get people to do what she wants, then accuses a bunch of teens of sleeping with a bunch of those same people.wait a second, she sets the teens up, she doesnt just accuse them.  She offers to fuck a guy if he lies about having sex with them-  she's despicable and utterly irredeemable.  Which is why I like her book character.  No grey.
1508	Young Nan	2013-05-07	wait a second, she sets the teens up, she doesnt just accuse them.  She offers to fuck a guy if he lies about having sex with them-  she's despicable and utterly irredeemable.  Which is why I like her book character.  No grey.yeah, I consider her very much a "black" character with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  IMO, even her protectiveness of her children is part power hunger, part narcissism.
1509	Mammothsbane	2013-05-07	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.http://www.abload.de...reactiuykcj.gifhttp://boywritesmiam.../speechless.gifhttp://i626.photobuc...leo/6279882.jpg
1510	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	Cercei is perhaps the most cold-blooded character in the entire series, excepting Joffrey and Tywin (and Qyburn).  Littlefinger is cold-blooded, but Cercei has him beat.
1511	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	http://www.abload.de...reactiuykcj.gifhttp://boywritesmiam.../speechless.gifhttp://i626.photobuc...leo/6279882.jpgWhat is this about?
1512	Nictarion	2013-05-07	Cercei is perhaps the most cold-blooded character in the entire series, excepting Joffrey and Tywin (and Qyburn).  Littlefinger is cold-blooded, but Cercei has him beat.Ramsay and Gregor are worse imho.
1513	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-08	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.My face when I read this.
1514	The Fourth Head	2013-05-08	Cercei is perhaps the most cold-blooded character in the entire series, excepting Joffrey and Tywin (and Qyburn).  Littlefinger is cold-blooded, but Cercei has him beat.Hmm, I think you could get quite a topic out of this. Littlefinger less cold than Cercei? Lets see:1) he manipulates Lysa into killing Jon Aryn so he can fill his boots much later on- Note- Jon Aryn was the guy who appointed him to a position in Gulltown before raising him to Master of Coin. He was loved by all. As cold blooded goes that is sub-zero.2) he then uses this situation to deliberately shit-stir an avoidable war between the Starks and the Lannisters, becoming a chief architect behind all the horrors of war we see so graphically illustrated in Arya's chapters in ACOK. He didn't need to, he was not compelled to do it by honour or self-preservation. He did it purely to create opportunities for himself to shin his way up the greasy pole. In terms of cost-benefit, that is far worse than anything Cercei does.He does this in several stages:-getting Lysa to write a letter to Catelyn accusing the Lannisters of murdering Jon, which caused Catelyn to pressurise the Ned into entering the snake-pit.-Lying about the knife to get Tyrion in trouble- he could have kept quiet-Leading the Ned to discover the truth about Cercei/Jamie before betraying him3) He then plots and has a hand in Kingslaying despite it being largely unnecessary from his POV. Was it to keep Joffrey quiet? Was it to create a diversion? Who knows.4) He then kills his wife- a woman who loved him, who he had used, and who he no longer had any further use for.Cercei on the other hand was deeply paranoid after her son was poisoned. She was suspicious that the Tyrells were somehow in cahoots with Tyrion for that, so relatively speaking, her motives were not "cold"- she was being fiercely jealous and protective towards her son Tommen. She was also being protective of the Lannister legacy- a hangover from her father. When Tommen and Margary came of age, the chances were, without Cercei's intervention, the Lannister's would be reduced to playing second fiddle. It's true she was highly manipulative, but she doesn't use people before turning on them to the same extent LF does.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 08 May 2013 - 04:16 AM.
1515	Dove	2013-05-08	Cersei's waaay guilty of the same kind of callous use and discarding of people too, though. Just one example - remember the lady from AFFC that she gives to Qyburn for his experiments after her husband gets killed confronting Bronn on Cersei's behalf? She was a loyal friend and there was literally nothing to gain by disposing of her at that point, and Cersei knew exactly what she was doing in handing her over to Qyburn. One of the best examples of meaningless cruelty in the series.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 08 May 2013 - 04:19 AM.
1516	Sun	2013-05-08	I dunno why people hate her so much. She really hasn't done anything in the entire series to warrant real hate. She never killed anyone people cared about, nor was indirectly responsible for any such deaths. She was only trying to play the game as much as every other principal character, and she failed miserably at it. The things she ended up having to go through in the books would indicate that she clearly was punished for her deeds, and her current arc can be seen as a redemption arc similar to Jaime's.GRRM would not have made her a POV character if she was simply a villain like Joffrey.If this is satire, you win the internet today. If it's not, then you're due for a re-read of the books, and this time, try to read them whilst awake.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 08 May 2013 - 04:19 AM.
1517	SeventySeven	2013-05-08	wait a second, she sets the teens up, she doesnt just accuse them.  She offers to fuck a guy if he lies about having sex with them-  she's despicable and utterly irredeemable.  Which is why I like her book character.  No grey.I do think she has some grey. But she's mostly black, and a very very dark character. Which is her strength. You feel for her because her story is tragic, not because she has some good in her, and that's why she's so complex and good to read.[snip]Cercei on the other hand was deeply paranoid after her son was poisoned. She was suspicious that the Tyrells were somehow in cahoots with Tyrion for that, so relatively speaking, her motives were not "cold"- she was being fiercely jealous and protective towards her son Tommen. She was also being protective of the Lannister legacy- a hangover from her father. When Tommen and Margary came of age, the chances were, without Cercei's intervention, the Lannister's would be reduced to playing second fiddle. It's true she was highly manipulative, but she doesn't use people before turning on them to the same extent LF does.I agree. In fact, Littlefinger is the one true cartoon-like villain in this sense.If this is satire, you win the internet today. If it's not, then you're due for a re-read of the books, and this time, try to read them whilst awake.I don't know if that poster is having a laugh or what, but some do romanticise Cersei a lot...
1518	David of Kent	2013-05-09	She's the one sending him away because he annoys her and doesn't do as he's told.So her decline is partly down to her own actions.  I don't recall saying different
1519	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	I do think she has some grey. But she's mostly black, and a very very dark character. Which is her strength. You feel for her because her story is tragic, not because she has some good in her, and that's why she's so complex and good to read.Cersei is far to irredeemable to call her story tragic, as she has gone from insane to more insane. There is not that much complexity to Cersei, she really is just narcissistic and paranoid, and wishes she were a man, and that pretty much sums it up. At least in the show there is something to feel sorry for.
1520	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	Cersei is far to irredeemable to call her story tragic, as she has gone from insane to more insane. There is not that much complexity to Cersei, she really is just narcissistic and paranoid, and wishes she were a man, and that pretty much sums it up. At least in the show there is something to feel sorry for.I thought book Cersei was complex even though she was not tragic and to me, a totally black character, she still had a very, very complicated set of emotions, triggers and delusions.  TV Cersei is more sypathetic but then most of the main characters except the really 'evil' people are more sympathetic in the show.
1521	Sasha Steelsong	2013-05-09	You're right and yes they could, but it doesn't feel as organic. She should be slowly sliding into the type of person she becomes by now. It doesn't have the same impact if it happens suddenly after Joffrey and Tywin die. She's had no character development at all this season, all she seems to do is... Fret. Which is very un-Cersei.I do and I don't mind the whitewashing since in the book she doesn't really do much in SOS and I like her increased presence.  I do think her movement after Joffrey dies is will be organic but not for the same reasons that it was in the book, i.e. same destination but a slightly different path.  She's spent this whole season warning everyone who will listen to her about they Tyrells and getting no where, she can't control her son and she knows he's a monster though hates confronting that because she also loves him at the same time, every bit of power she did have is slowly slipping through her fingers. With Joffrey's death not only does she have the conflicted grief of losing the monster she loves (and the fact that it does make her a tad crazy - though understandably), but that is the point her power starts to slowly come back, first as a trickle then after Twyin in a torrent.  At that point she is free from restraints and I think her embracing villiany in that freedom will be very organic when all is said and done.
1522	SeventySeven	2013-05-09	Cersei is far to irredeemable to call her story tragic, as she has gone from insane to more insane. There is not that much complexity to Cersei, she really is just narcissistic and paranoid, and wishes she were a man, and that pretty much sums it up. At least in the show there is something to feel sorry for.Why does tragic = redeemable? Why do we need to feel sorry for every character? Especially when there are lots of examples on screen and literature which completely disprove this notion. Good writing is good writing; a character can be complex and irredeemable, and that's one of the things that makes their story tragic. What makes Cersei tragic is the fact that her paranoia and delusion makes her so completely blind, but she's fierce and a very dynamic character. How can you even compare a character who "wants a storm to match her rage" to a character who's "just sitting here being pwned, waiting for my bro to fix it"?I thought book Cersei was complex even though she was not tragic and to me, a totally black character, she still had a very, very complicated set of emotions, triggers and delusions.  TV Cersei is more sypathetic but then most of the main characters except the really 'evil' people are more sympathetic in the show.Precisely. And unless you're watching a children's show not all characters need to be inherently good. It's bollocks to imply so.[snip]At that point she is free from restraints and I think her embracing villiany in that freedom will be very organic when all is said and done.I don't see how though. How do you woobify a character to that extent and take her to the character she needs to be? Unless they're changing her story completely, which I'm starting to wonder.
1523	Zorral	2013-05-09	Cersei, in the books and on the screen, has never done one clean, generous thing for one single person, and that includes her children.  Not one good, nice or kind thing -- or spoken so of anyone.  She whines about herself endlessly though, and because she's never committed one fine act in her whole life, we don't care.
She may be fiercely devoted to her children -- her family -- but she treats them all badly too, and twists and deforms them.  It's too late for Joffry, but the sooner she's gone the better for her remaining children.  This is a woman who, as she herself suspects, should never have been a mother.  She should have been allowed the scope in the world that a man of her rank would have had -- she might have been a better person.  But then, there's that father of hers -- and theirs.  Down through the generations cruelty and selfishness rides, creating ever more disturbing and twisted individuals.
1524	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-09	Give it time. It seems they're really playing the Joffrey rebellion against Cersei. Let future events take place and get Cersei to drinking copiously and I'm sure her true nature will return.
1525	Golden Lion	2013-05-09	I don't get why people are up in arms about attributing blame to events, when even the books haven't been 100% about them. 
I'm hoping she's sidelined now so she can be a more central character in season 4. Once Joffrey it out of the way the KL really rests on her and season 5 (if it ends where I assume) will be overflowing with Cersei. 
I don't really see that many bad changes from the books, she's such a simple cartoon character in the books. I'm glad she's more 3D and the things getting blamed on Joffrey don't make much difference to me because she could be lying, which she could reveal later.
1526	Dove	2013-05-10	Cersei didn't confirm it was Joffrey in that scene, did she? That seemed like Tyrion just jumping to conclusions to me, unless I missed something. I wouldn't call it whitewashing so much as setting up potential motives for Tyrion and the PW - first the attempted murder, now Ros. Even in the books it was never confirmed one way or another whether she sent the Kingsguard after him.
Having Joff be responsible for the bastard killing just makes more sense to me. It's exactly the kind of evil, dumb, short-sighted thing he would do (like mother like son, right??) and since it's one of his first 'official' actions in S2 it helps a precident and establish him as not being entirely within his family's control.
The AFFC material is really Cersei's time to shine like the crazy diamond she is, so if they're still portraying her in the exact same way then as they are now I'll probably agree with you on whitewashing. Until then I think they're doing a good job at giving us more subtle glimpses at her bitterness and cruelty from time to time, which'll make it even more effective when she starts to unravel into full-blown anger and paranoia.
1527	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	I actually think they are doing a good job setting up her future arc, she has made reference just this season to be the only one of Tywin's children who paid attention to him and who cares about the Lannister legacy...this is spot on Book Cersei...what you are seeing this season is a Cersei who is thwarted on all sides...by her father, by the Tyrells...so when she ultimately gets power we will see all of that pent up frustration exercised....the same as in the book.
The one thing that may come off as a little unreaslitic because of how they've shown Tyrion and Cersei really trucing it up is how totally she turns on him...
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 10 May 2013 - 06:54 AM.
1528	Katydid	2013-05-10	This is one thing I sincerely hope they "get right" next season.  After Joffrey dies, I want to see Cersei go completely batshit and off the deep-end, as she is in the books.  Lena has done such an amazing job with the character, and we saw quite a bit of book!Cersei in the Red Keep scene during last season's 'Blackwater' episode - - I can't wait to see more of that!
1529	jarl the climber	2013-05-10	Cersei didn't confirm it was Joffrey in that scene, did she? That seemed like Tyrion just jumping to conclusions to me, unless I missed something. I wouldn't call it whitewashing so much as setting up potential motives for Tyrion and the PW - first the attempted murder, now Ros. Even in the books it was never confirmed one way or another whether she sent the Kingsguard after him.Having Joff be responsible for the bastard killing just makes more sense to me. It's exactly the kind of evil, dumb, short-sighted thing he would do (like mother like son, right??) and since it's one of his first 'official' actions in S2 it helps a precident and establish him as not being entirely within his family's control.The AFFC material is really Cersei's time to shine like the crazy diamond she is, so if they're still portraying her in the exact same way then as they are now I'll probably agree with you on whitewashing. Until then I think they're doing a good job at giving us more subtle glimpses at her bitterness and cruelty from time to time, which'll make it even more effective when she starts to unravel into full-blown anger and paranoia.The thing is that Varys said it was Cersei. Cersei did not deny it but like Tyrion said there were two people who could order the Kingsguard to kill him, Joff and Cersei. The stupity of the attempt, having it done in front of the army is what seemed to convince him that it was Joff. I suppose Tyrion should have another conversation with Varys about this, its not impossible that Joff ordered Varys to lie to Tyrion about it. If Varys is manipulating the situation then his machinations have been uncovered by Tyrions and Cerseis reconciliation/cease fire. Even in the books Cersei refrained from killing Tyrion because Jaimie was fond of him. Joff makes more sense to me.
1530	Janicia	2013-05-10	Cersei wanting Tyrion dead during the battle of Blackwater made some sense given that he had sort of kidnapped Tommen and threatened Tommen with beatings and rape, in addition to getting her house guard captured as POWs, sending Myrcella away, and putting Joffrey on the battlefield.  Since Tyrion wasn't as threatening on the show, Cersei had no good motive. I think the show is right in giving Joffrey more agency and making him more threatening because he's been aged up.  
I like the softer versions of Cersei and Tyrion better - I don't know if it is better art or whatnot, but I like it better.  I do appreciate the OP's argument that softer Cersei is weak and robbed of her vitality, but all three Lannister siblings have been squelched this season under Tywin's influence.		
Varys agreed with Tyrion's assessment that Cersei ordered the execution, but he didn't contribute any information.  I suspect he'd have said exactly the same things if Tyrion had thought Joffrey or LF was behind the attempt.
					
					
							Edited by Janicia, 10 May 2013 - 10:39 PM.
1531	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	Cersei's struggle to come to terms with the monster she's created draws some parallels between Joffrey and Nero, and I personally enjoy it. It makes more sense than the books, where Cersei seems to love Joffrey the most despite everyone being able to see what a monster he is. With Joffrey having outgrown his mother, and even threatening to have her killed, it serves a sense of karmic justice in the same way that Roose gets hit with karma when Ramsay kills his trueborn son.
To be honest, her guilt over Joffrey humanizes her a great deal and makes her far more realistic than an insane mother so blind as to think her peasant-killing, sadistic son is the bees' knees. Villains are generally more interesting when they have redeeming or human qualities, and I think it's a good step by the show to display Cersei's love for her children to be legitimate. In the books, Cersei doesn't love her children as much as the loves the need to feel validated by their existence. Her love for her kids in the books is pretty much like her love for Jaime- a narcissistic extension of the love she has for herself.
1532	Minsc	2013-05-11	Cersei's struggle to come to terms with the monster she's created draws some parallels between Joffrey and Nero, and I personally enjoy it. It makes more sense than the books, where Cersei seems to love Joffrey the most despite everyone being able to see what a monster he is. With Joffrey having outgrown his mother, and even threatening to have her killed, it serves a sense of karmic justice in the same way that Roose gets hit with karma when Ramsay kills his trueborn son.To be honest, her guilt over Joffrey humanizes her a great deal and makes her far more realistic than an insane mother so blind as to think her peasant-killing, sadistic son is the bees' knees. Villains are generally more interesting when they have redeeming or human qualities, and I think it's a good step by the show to display Cersei's love for her children to be legitimate. In the books, Cersei doesn't love her children as much as the loves the need to feel validated by their existence. Her love for her kids in the books is pretty much like her love for Jaime- a narcissistic extension of the love she has for herself.I agree with this statement somewhat, as the show's Cersei does seem at times vastly more interesting then the book's Cersei who at times comes off as cliche.  Through, I do wish they still had her kill the bastards and so forth.
1533	Winter's Knight	2013-05-11	The thing is, in the books our only hint that Cersei is behind the bastard murders comes from Varys. Slynt never named the person who gave him the orders. The attack on Tyrion has even less proof with Tyrion assuming that Cersei was behind it.  If she'd wanted him dead, there was plenty of time for her to have him killed as he lay unconscious.
1534	SeventySeven	2013-05-11	Villains are generally more interesting when they have redeeming or human qualities, and I think it's a good step by the show to display Cersei's love for her children to be legitimate. In the books, Cersei doesn't love her children as much as the loves the need to feel validated by their existence. Her love for her kids in the books is pretty much like her love for Jaime- a narcissistic extension of the love she has for herself.No, that's just not true. It might come down to personal preference obviously so I can't really argue with that, but there are of tons of incredibly interesting villains with little to none redeeming qualities. I feel that many times to give a villain something to make them looking humane is more of an excuse to justify people liking the "baddie", not because it's necessary to make them more 3D. Either way, there's a massive difference between making a villain appear human and making them a woobie.Cersei has been humanised plenty in season 1, when they gave her that backstory with Robert, which I loved btw. What I don't like it's the fact they continue with woobiefying her even now; the fact the she has a human side has already been established with Robert, her feelings, and how she feels in her position. By giving all her deeds to Joffrey they go to that extreme which is beyond humanising, like I said it's making her a woobie. Poor Cersei, victim of the situation might be more likeable for some, for me she's sparkless and uninteresting.Take Ben from Lost, which for me is the best example of how you can be disgusted and despise a character, while finding them compelling and feeling thrown off by their tragic situation. He lies, kills, manipulates and generally has no mercy. You want to sock him in the face most of the time because of how he acts. But as he unravels and he shows how deluded he is, and you witness what he ends up losing in his quest for power, you can't help but loving to hate him, feel fascinated by him and sympathise too. In the books Cersei is a Ben; there are some chapters in AFFC where she's mourning Joffrey, where her pain is overwhelmingly raw and heartbreaking. But she's not a woobie, and while I feel her pain, I feel her delusion too and I pity her for being so paranoid and blind. That's what makes her interesting. Cersei looking sad and being wishy-washy is just boring. This season I would happily skip her scenes and not regret a bit, I really do hope they fix her for next season because it's totally possible to write a not whitewashed villain (Cesare in The Borgias is another examples; he's a monster I despise and with no redeeming qualities at this point, but damn if his ride into darkness isn't extremely fun).The thing is, in the books our only hint that Cersei is behind the bastard murders comes from Varys. Slynt never named the person who gave him the orders. The attack on Tyrion has even less proof with Tyrion assuming that Cersei was behind it.  If she'd wanted him dead, there was plenty of time for her to have him killed as he lay unconscious.The point isn't whether it was Cersei or whoever. The point is that in the books we can guess all we like and never know, in the show it has been explicitly blamed to Joffrey, which changes all characters and their dynamics.
1535	BlackStark	2013-05-11	The thing is, in the books our only hint that Cersei is behind the bastard murders comes from Varys. Slynt never named the person who gave him the orders. The attack on Tyrion has even less proof with Tyrion assuming that Cersei was behind it.  If she'd wanted him dead, there was plenty of time for her to have him killed as he lay unconscious.Isn't there a line in the books in which Robert's bastards in Casterly Rock are killed on the orders of Cersei that predate the massacre in A Clash of Kings?  I think the inference that she has done it in the past so it is not a stretch that she would do it again.
1536	Winter's Knight	2013-05-12	Isn't there a line in the books in which Robert's bastards in Casterly Rock are killed on the orders of Cersei that predate the massacre in A Clash of Kings?  I think the inference that she has done it in the past so it is not a stretch that she would do it again.LF mentioned that story to Ned, who points out that such stories were told about all great families.
1537	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-12	For me the issue isn't so much assigning the blame to Joff which was never confirmed in the books (I am of the mind that LF whispered in Joff's ear to have it done as we have seen he has a lot of influence over Joff and hates Tyrion).  It's the fact that Cersei let's Tyrion believe it was Joff that I find out of character for her.  She always covered for every despicable thing Joff did in the books.
1538	DaeronDrumm	2014-03-18	The reason why the show is showing that Joffrey did it, is to make Cersei believe that Tyrion killed Joffrey in the PW (at least to normal to viewers).



That's brilliant, actually: Whether Joff truly did it or Cersei framed him, it works anyway: If Cersei believes Tyrion killed Joff because she framed her own son for the earlier attempt on his life...Reason enough to go bonkers.

					
					
							Edited by DaeronDrumm, 18 March 2014 - 04:48 PM.
1539	teemo	2013-05-05	What did you think of these scenes?  Do you like Gendry replacing Edric?  What Meli had to say to Arya at the end was really quite bizarre...
1540	ViennaGirl	2013-05-05	I took that as Mel standing in for the Ghost of High Heart. The way they're focussing on the red religion makes me think GRRM has told them something that should make us pay more attention to R'hllor.
1541	dtones520	2013-05-05	I'm not sure what I think of it. I thought Mel's scene with Beric and Thoros was really well acted and interesting, but I don't like the idea of Gendry being pissed at the Brotherhood. I guess that means his role with them isn't really important. Not sure where they are going with this.
1542	TheRealJSnow	2013-05-05	I felt like Melisandres conversation is telling us something about Arya that will be in the upcoming books. Great scene though.
1543	Ministry312	2013-05-05	Something really intrigued me: Mel's conversation with Arya. Mainly the "We will meet again"
I feel there are implications on this line regarding the unreleased book 6 and Arya's future.
1544	Randyll Tarly	2013-05-05	I took that as Mel standing in for the Ghost of High Heart. The way they're focussing on the red religion makes me think GRRM has told them something that should make us pay more attention to R'hllor.Indeed, especially when she was in denial of Thoros' ability to bring back a person six times in a row.What did you think of these scenes?  Do you like Gendry replacing Edric?  What Meli had to say to Arya at the end was really quite bizarre...Well... Gendry's story arc is a more active one than Edric's so.... yeah. I believe Mel will be the person to send Arya in her quest to the FLM as Jaquen had wanted in season 2.
1545	scurvy	2013-05-05	It allows Gendry to be separated from the Brotherhood and at the Crossroads Inn when Brienne goes back there, believes he's Renly reborn and fights Rorge and Biter, except they've completely disappeared.
1546	scurvy	2013-05-05	Something really intrigued me: Mel's conversation with Arya. Mainly the "We will meet again"I feel there are implications on this line regarding the unreleased book 6 and Arya's future.Given Maester's Cressen's attempt, I don't think the Strangler is going to work on Melisandre.
1547	A Winters Summer	2013-05-05	I think it works great for the show. I really liked the "phrophesy" Mel gives Arya.
1548	Montey14	2013-05-05	What did you think of these scenes?  Do you like Gendry replacing Edric?  What Meli had to say to Arya at the end was really quite bizarre...yeahh they are replacing Meli with what the old  woods which said to her on the hill......but the meeting again part is really bizzare....only place they would ever meet again is in the North....or maybe just an empty threat .....
1549	tzanth	2013-05-05	So when/where are Mel and Arya going to meet again???
1550	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Could be an effective change if they handle it right, I'm reserving my judgment for now.  I think it's something that has potential, we'll see how it works out.
The vast majority of the changes they've made I've had a really good idea of where they were going with it, and I've almost always been right, for good or ill.  This one, I'm not entirely sure, but I think it could potentially work.
1551	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-05	I think the quote about the different eyes also imply Arya's status as a faceless men.
But the thing that annoyed me was Mellisandre saying "Valar Morgulis", that's not her saying. That's the Faceless Men's saying, because they worship death. She does not.
1552	Fez	2013-05-05	Its one of the rare scenes that I think tells us some of what's going to happen or not in books 6/7.  
Clearly Gendry won't be playing a role with the BWB (having him travel all the to Dragonstone and back again would be asinine, and he won't trust them anymore), but he has to have some role; or else it would've been easier to introduce Edric Storm instead of shoehorning Mel into the Riverlands.
There also would've been no point to Mel's line to Arya unless they do somehow meet again.  So either Mel is headed to Braavos, Arya to the Wall (that'd be my guess), or they both meet somewhere else.
And the added focus on the Red God suggests to me that he, or at least the religion, will play a major role in the end.
1553	Mr.Black	2013-05-05	I did like this, i was always wondering if thoros and mel knew each other..
1554	Icedover	2013-05-05	Could the resurrection conversation be foreshadowing as well? Say, for the end of Dance?
1555	JonDunn	2013-05-05	They're really setting up the importance of religion, and it gives us clues to what we'll see in the actual book series moving on too.  Arya is completely opposed to this religion of light, because she is with the god of Death, darkness, and the Great Other.
mark my words.
1556	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	I felt that whole sequence could have been chopped in half, though I liked Mel's Arya premonition.
1557	Zman1863	2013-05-05	We'll have to wait to see how it turns out. My problem is how are they going to get Gendry back to the riverlands or if he will get back there at all. But then again, is it really important that he's there? All his appearance in Feast does is remind us of his existence and get close to providing him with the answer of his origins. But from this storyline it seems he's going to get anvil sized hints that he's Robert's son if he isn't told outright. I liked how they showed that the Brotherhood isn't so pure as they claim, but I'm also not sure that they are all as bad as they were portrayed either. The Thoros/Melisandre interplay is interesting, but would Thoros really so easily bend to her BS?And naturally, "We will meet again" was the most intriguing line of the episode.
1558	A Winters Summer	2013-05-05	I think the quote about the different eyes also imply Arya's status as a faceless men.But the thing that annoyed me was Mellisandre saying "Valar Morgulis", that's not her saying. That's the Faceless Men's saying, because they worship death. She does not.Many people in the free city's say it as a common greeting. It is not specific to FM.
1559	Pomp & Happenstance	2013-05-05	I like the inclusion of Gendry. I think his resentment towards the Brotherhood will fade or be negated after Mel talks to him a bit and shows him the power of his blood.
As for how he gets back to the riverlands.... I have no idea, but at least they have a little while before that happens.
1560	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-05	Many people in the free city's say it as a common greeting. It is not specific to FM.Yeah but she was greeting Thoros with it, it wasn't said as part of a thought, it was like a code word of Red Priests.
1561	Montey14	2013-05-05	Its one of the rare scenes that I think tells us some of what's going to happen or not in books 6/7.  Clearly Gendry won't be playing a role with the BWB (having him travel all the to Dragonstone and back again would be asinine, and he won't trust them anymore), but he has to have some role; or else it would've been easier to introduce Edric Storm instead of shoehorning Mel into the Riverlands.There also would've been no point to Mel's line to Arya unless they do somehow meet again.  So either Mel is headed to Braavos, Arya to the Wall (that'd be my guess), or they both meet somewhere else.And the added focus on the Red God suggests to me that he, or at least the religion, will play a major role in the end.Ok so gendry is going to Dragonstone....if it plays out the way it should....that means Davos has to convince Stannis to not sacrafice Gendry and then ships him off someplace to make sure he doesn't .....Meli goes with Stannis to the wall ....I wonder if they'll do the scence with Selys's uncle
1562	Zman1863	2013-05-05	Yeah but she was greeting Thoros with it, it wasn't said as part of a thought, it was like a code word of Red Priests.I also thought it was misplaced. I guess they want to show explicitly to the show viewers that the phrases go together, and that the Essos based Red Priests would be the best way to do that. But it implied a connection that has no basis in the books. They would have probably done better to have the phrases spoken together in a Dany scene.
1563	Oakenfist	2013-05-05	So when/where are Mel and Arya going to meet again???At the Wall when "Arya" (Alys Karstark) arrives in future seasons.
1564	Kyrion	2013-05-05	Gendry will not go back to the brotherhood, or Lys. Hell befriend Shireen and Davos. Hell likely stay along as an apprentice to Davos or something, or end up at the Wall when Stannis goes there. Something will happen because the actor said they are creating new storylines to keep him around in the future.
1565	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	I also thought it was misplaced. I guess they want to show explicitly to the show viewers that the phrases go together, and that the Essos based Red Priests would be the best way to do that. But it implied a connection that has no basis in the books. They would have probably done better to have the phrases spoken together in a Dany scene.They did...
1566	Ministry312	2013-05-05	At the Wall when "Arya" (Alys Karstark) arrives in future seasons.I had forgotten that. For a while I thought it was info on tWoW, but I guess it is just melisandre seeing alys heading to the wall.
1567	StarkBlack21	2013-05-05	I think Gendry is going to end up at the wall with Stannis. They can make Gendry a more active/important character. It also would be interesting to see Gendry end up with Jon.
1568	Oakenfist	2013-05-05	I agree with others that Gendry won't be going back to the Riverlands. Instead Davos will successfully convince Stannis not to sacrifice him, and I think he will come along for the ride to the Wall. Maybe even Davos takes him on as a squire and he knights him.
1569	Kasrith	2013-05-05	Mel is Izembaro, it is known
1570	DaveRoid	2013-05-05	I think Gendry is going to end up at the wall with Stannis. They can make Gendry a more active/important character. It also would be interesting to see Gendry end up with Jon.Yea and the wall is short a smith at the end of Asos..
1571	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-05	At first I thought the "we'll meet again" line was potential book 6 spoilers, and it very well might be, in fact I do hope so, if there is one Stark reunion I want to see it's Arya and Jon Snow.
But on the other hand it might just be a way to get book readers talking, and they'll have Melisandre and Arya meet up next season before Arya heads off to Braavos and Mel to the wall.
I want to see what they do with Gendry in the next couple seasons.  This is IMO a lot better TV only story then "WHO STOLE MA DRAGONZZZZ"
1572	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I agree with others that Gendry won't be going back to the Riverlands. Instead Davos will successfully convince Stannis not to sacrifice him, and I think he will come along for the ride to the Wall. Maybe even Davos takes him on as a squire and he knights him.Or Davos smuggles him out and he sets up shop in the Free Cities, never to be heard of again
1573	Kasrith	2013-05-05	Yea and the wall is short a smith at the end of Asos..Oh nice connection
1574	Nezzer	2013-05-05	Yeah, I'd like to see Gendry being knighted by Stannis himself and becoming one his most loyal men. He could replace Ser Justin Massey. It'd be a very major change I'd really enjoy.
1575	BluePG	2013-05-05	This feels really big to me.
When will Mel see her again? Also, does this mean the whole Jeyne Poole story as Arya is cut? Because now Mel knows what Arya looks like?
Or maybe she didn't know who Arya was?! Because why wouldn't she have taken her to Stannis. Stannis holding Arya would be really good for him.
1576	teemo	2013-05-05	I liked how they showed that the Brotherhood isn't so pure as they claim, but I'm also not sure that they are all as bad as they were portrayed either. The Thoros/Melisandre interplay is interesting, but would Thoros really so easily bend to her BS?And naturally, "We will meet again" was the most intriguing line of the episode.Totally agree.  It's important to show that the Brotherhood isn't perfect and needs money, but I'm also not sure that Thoros would respond in that way.I think that it could quite possibly be book 6 foreshadowing, or maybe like others have said, they'll meet up again next season when Meli goes to the Wall and Arya to Braavos.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 05 May 2013 - 09:59 PM.
1577	teemo	2013-05-05	dbl post
					
					
							Edited by schala, 05 May 2013 - 09:59 PM.
1578	Kyrion	2013-05-05	Yea, Mel never learned Arya's name here, so its not a reference in anyway to Jon Snow's Book 5 arc
Its definitely something in the future of the books.
1579	jarl the climber	2013-05-05	I tend to agree that this means Gendry probaly ends up at the Wall with Stannis. I think he will end up their in the next book anyways.
1580	Shaula Black	2013-05-05	Also, does this mean the whole Jeyne Poole story as Arya is cut?But Mel didn't see Jeyne Poole, she saw Alys Karstark. Or am I wrong? I need to refresh my memory. By the way, this Alys plot sounds to me like they're gonna cut it or change it anyway.And I'm pretty sure she doesn't know Arya and Jon's sister are the same person.
1581	Feather Crystal	2013-05-05	I thought it was quite a revelation that Melisandre and Thoros both spoke high Valyrian.
The writers are trying to condense many separate threads together in a way that conveys the essence of the overall story. I think they've been pretty successful this season, but are we supposed to glean any clues from what they're doing?
I was surprised that they were using Gendry as a stand in for Edric, since I was sure we'd read about Gendry in future books. I'm also starting to worry that they're condensing Arya's arc too much. I hope they don't cut her journey to Braavos short!
1582	I'm the Ghost in Harrenhal	2013-05-05	one of my favorite parts about davos is that he smuggles edric out to save him. the line about it, wow. so much respect for the guy. so i hope they keep that if gendry is replacing edric. maybe they'll keep him getting sent to lys too and he will run into arya and be the reason she comes back? i'd say anything is game with all the changes they make haha
1583	BluePG	2013-05-05	But Mel didn't see Jeyne Poole, she saw Alys Karstark. Or am I wrong? I need to refresh my memory. By the way, this Alys plot sounds to me like they're gonna cut it or change it anyway.And I'm pretty sure she doesn't know Arya and Jon's sister are the same person.No you're right. It is Alys Karstark on the horse. But I guess if Mel doesn't know Arya is Arya Stark then she could mistake Alys for Jon Snow's sister.I have just been wondering for a while if they will keep the Jayne Poole stuff. Probably not the right place to post it.
1584	Frumpus	2013-05-05	My take from the scene is that D&D knew from GRRM that Gendry was expendable and had no future storyline in the books so they decided to use him in this manner.
I just hope this storyline is resolved quickly, because I want Arya to be kidnapped by the Hound already. The BWB on the show is nothing like it was in the books.
1585	lomiller	2013-05-05	Ok so gendry is going to Dragonstone....if it plays out the way it should....that means Davos has to convince Stannis to not sacrafice Gendry and then ships him off someplace to make sure he doesn't .....Meli goes with Stannis to the wall ....I wonder if they'll do the scence with Selys's uncleThat would make sense if they didn't have to worry about the logistics of running the show.  They don't have a storyline for Gendry in the free cities unless they mean to work him into Arya's storyline in Bravos, which would ****.  More likely they burn him and let her find out about it so it becomes one more connection with her old life cut.
1586	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	My take from the scene is that D&D knew from GRRM that Gendry was expendable and had no future storyline in the books so they decided to use him in this manner.I just hope this storyline is resolved quickly, because I want Arya to be kidnapped by the Hound already. The BWB on the show is nothing like it was in the books.I imagine Arya is kidnapped soon.  She needs to be outside of the Twins soon..
1587	ladyinblack	2013-05-05	Yeah, I'd like to see Gendry being knighted by Stannis himself and becoming one his most loyal men. He could replace Ser Justin Massey. It'd be a very major change I'd really enjoy.hey  i like Justin massey
1588	lomiller	2013-05-05	But the thing that annoyed me was Mellisandre saying "Valar Morgulis", that's not her saying. That's the Faceless Men's saying, because they worship death. She does not.And they used the valar dohaeris response as well.  I'm with you.  Very disappointing that they are stealing some of the flavor of the house of black and white for the red priests.  I guess they could be using it as something more generic to eastern priests to help the audience identify the faceless men as priests but TBH I don't get the feeling they are thinking that far ahead.
1589	Chuck88	2013-05-05	Nice variation of the Braavos music playing after the scene with Arya and Mel.
"We will meet again," - Possible book 6/7 foreshadowing?
1590	boojam	2013-05-05	Something really intrigued me: Mel's conversation with Arya. Mainly the "We will meet again"So, I guess?, George really has told Dave, Dan and now Bryan, 'the rest of the story', tho I don't know what to make of it.I honestly don't think it's an invention, except for the dialog.
1591	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	Yeah but she was greeting Thoros with it, it wasn't said as part of a thought, it was like a code word of Red Priests.Maybe they will move the main temple of the Red Priests to Braavos, it's in Braavos that the "response" to those words is important.This feels really big to me.When will Mel see her again? Also, does this mean the whole Jeyne Poole story as Arya is cut? Because now Mel knows what Arya looks like?Mel doesn't always see things perfectly in her flames, she might believe that she's going to see this girl again, but it turns out she meets Alys Karstark AND Jeyne Poole who are both believed to be her.Or maybe she didn't know who Arya was?! Because why wouldn't she have taken her to Stannis. Stannis holding Arya would be really good for him.She didn't know who Arya was, her mission was to get Gendry, she obviously didn't know who Arya was or she'd probably have offered a couple bags of gold for her as well.Yea, Mel never learned Arya's name here, so its not a reference in anyway to Jon Snow's Book 5 arcIts definitely something in the future of the books.or not in them at all.I think it's just a hint that Melisandre thinks she sees this girl in her future but it's just someone that looks like her, I don't put 100% faith in her words about them "meeting again"That would make sense if they didn't have to worry about the logistics of running the show.  They don't have a storyline for Gendry in the free cities unless they mean to work him into Arya's storyline in Bravos, which would ****.  More likely they burn him and let her find out about it so it becomes one more connection with her old life cut.Nah, it's seems pretty clear that Davos is going to rescue Gendry from the flames. Where Gendry goes from there seems pretty up in the air, I don't think he's going to run back to the Brotherhood, they just sold him out after he offered to help them.I imagine Arya is kidnapped soon.  She needs to be outside of the Twins soon..A clip from next week's episode shows:
	Spoiler  Arya running through the woods in darkness and being grabbed by The Hound(can't confirm it's the Hound but it's pretty dang likely), my guess is it will be at the end of the episode to give unsullied a OMFG moment...
1592	UnholyPrincess	2013-05-05	They're really setting up the importance of religion, and it gives us clues to what we'll see in the actual book series moving on too.  Arya is completely opposed to this religion of light, because she is with the god of Death, darkness, and the Great Other.mark my words. I agree.... a division is clearly starting to form... in the preview for next week Arya says she serves the god of Death.
1593	A Winters Summer	2013-05-05	Yeah but she was greeting Thoros with it, it wasn't said as part of a thought, it was like a code word of Red Priests.No, it wasn't a "code word". Like you said, "she was greeting Thoros".
1594	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Nice variation of the Braavos music playing after the scene with Arya and Mel."We will meet again," - Possible book 6/7 foreshadowing?I also wonder if Melisandre's new knowledge of and fascination with Thoros' resurrections may be significant.
1595	a shadow	2013-05-05	The line of Arya being a girl and not understanding why Melisandre is a welcome view, was the best of the scene /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Other things were just... not right. In how they were done now (how Arya let her friend be taken away against his will with no good fight, how she did not take Mellisandre's hand off for handling her as she did, how the BwB suddenly lost their cool) and in where it seems to be headed.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 05 May 2013 - 10:53 PM.
1596	franko99	2013-05-05	Yeah, I'd like to see Gendry being knighted by Stannis himself and becoming one his most loyal men. He could replace Ser Justin Massey. It'd be a very major change I'd really enjoy.And Justin Massey is going to Braavos, yeah I like that
1597	white wolfpack	2013-05-05	I also thought melisandre's confirmed knowledge of ressurection was the most fascinating development here.
1598	Rocketshoes	2013-05-05	I think the most unintentionally bad part of this, is that it sort of gives away Jon Snow's resurrection.. That is the biggest giveaway from this scene.
We're never told that Melisandre knows how to revive people from the dead, but now we are given a massive spoiler that she indeed is probably going to use the exact same 'magic' Thoros uses on Beric to bring back Jon Snow. Potentially creating a large plothole from the book and the show in how they handle Jon Snow's death.
I thought the whole thing was a ridiculous mess.
Edit- To me, it feels like so much of the show is going well in any given episode, and then they just poop all over it with some random scene that makes absolutely NO sense.
					
					
							Edited by Rocketshoes, 05 May 2013 - 11:13 PM.
1599	Zar Lannister	2013-05-05	Something really intrigued me: Mel's conversation with Arya. Mainly the "We will meet again"I feel there are implications on this line regarding the unreleased book 6 and Arya's future.That is the exact thing I thought. I had similar feelings about Gendry's wrath with the brotherhood.
1600	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	I think the most unintentionally bad part of this, is that it sort of gives away Jon Snow's resurrection.. That is the biggest giveaway from this scene.We're never told that Melisandre knows how to revive people from the dead, but now we are given a massive spoiler that she indeed is probably going to use the exact same 'magic' Thoros uses on Beric to bring back Jon Snow. Potentially creating a large plothole from the book and the show in how they handle Jon Snow's death.I thought the whole thing was a ridiculous mess.Plot hole? Huh?Those dots only connect themselves because you want them to connect.We're given the explanation about wargs and their second lives, then we're shown the sacrifice infront of a heart tree and the show has made it absolutely clear that Lady's death paid for Bran's life. Why is Bran not a better candidate to resurrect Jon Snow? Melisandre also doesn't seem to believe that a man can be resurrected six times even with the proof right infront of her.
1601	Kasrith	2013-05-05	Since way back in the show - at least as early as Jaqen's intro and the whole serving the Red God bit - R'hllor seems to be connected with Faceless Men and Valar Morghulis/Dohaeris. After tonight's episode it seems even more so now, with the Valar Morghulis greeting on Mel's behalf. With Mel seeing Arya's 'faces' and the whole "we'll meet again" thing, I wonder if it's going to be a House of Black and White in Braavos or if they are going to switch it to a Lord of Light training camp for Arya's storyline.
1602	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I think the most unintentionally bad part of this, is that it sort of gives away Jon Snow's resurrection.. That is the biggest giveaway from this scene.We're never told that Melisandre knows how to revive people from the dead, but now we are given a massive spoiler that she indeed is probably going to use the exact same 'magic' Thoros uses on Beric to bring back Jon Snow. Potentially creating a large plothole from the book and the show in how they handle Jon Snow's death.On the other hand she also seems shocked at the resurrecting ability, as if she didn't think it was possible or something. Your point can easily be contradicted, both sides of the arguments presented rather weakly and only because of book knowledge so I saw wait and see what happens in WoW before assuming anything is given away..
1603	JonDunn	2013-05-05	Disagree - the Faceless Men are NOT associated with The Lord of Light.  They are on the opposite side, the side of Death, the Great Other, and Darkness.  #TeamArya.
1604	Faint	2013-05-05	So when/where are Mel and Arya going to meet again???Have you read the Theon chapter from The Winds of Winter?
	Spoiler Because one possibility is if Melisandre accompanies Justin Massey to Braavos.
1605	Hoo	2013-05-05	On the other hand she also seems shocked at the resurrecting ability, as if she didn't think it was possible or something. Your point can easily be contradicted, both sides of the arguments presented rather weakly and only because of book knowledge so I saw wait and see what happens in WoW before assuming anything is given away..Mel asked Thoros:"How many times did you revive him?"  So she knows about revival, she is just skeptical about 6 times.
1606	Zar Lannister	2013-05-05	Isn't Jacqen a worshipper of the Red God? 
I'm starting to get paranoid about Melisadre now.
And yes, their Valar Morgulis / Valar Dohaeris responses (Mel and Thoros) where among the things that made me tie the new crackpot theory of Melisandre and the FM
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 05 May 2013 - 11:35 PM.
1607	Faint	2013-05-05	Well, here's the thing about Melisandre and revival: When Jon Snow is assassinated on the show, and Melisandre is there, the television audience will know that Melisande knows that revival is possible.In the books, we don't know if Melisandre knows about revival, but the television show is telling us, explicitly, that she does.Personally, I find that to be extremely significant. That's about as good as telling me that she is going to revive Jon Snow or at least try to.
					
					
							Edited by Faint, 05 May 2013 - 11:37 PM.
1608	Darkstar of Dayne	2013-05-05	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835This feels really big to me.When will Mel see her again? Also, does this mean the whole Jeyne Poole story as Arya is cut? Because now Mel knows what Arya looks like?Or maybe she didn't know who Arya was?! Because why wouldn't she have taken her to Stannis. Stannis holding Arya would be really good for him.This.Melissandre has the power to see into the future of Jon Snow (because he is AA presumably), but she claims not to know about Karstark until she reaches the wall because her visions are obscured by "snow". She also knows for a fact by the end of DwD at least that Karstark is NOT Arya.The scene seems to indicate that Melissandre will meet Arya again - I'm guessing when Arya comes back to start taking revenge on her enemies.Another thing that the show has been highlighting is that they're making a much bigger deal about "our god is the true god" both in conversations with Thoros and what Craster told the NW. The Red God and the White Walkers seem diametrically opposed - each with clearly demonstrated powers and although the Red religion is posed in a somewhat positive light, the things they are doing are also evil in nature (like Melissandre trying to sacrifice living humans by burning them alive). Something is very fishy about those two religions and how they relate to the Old Gods and Bran's powers.
					
					
							Edited by Darkstar of Dayne, 05 May 2013 - 11:42 PM.
1609	Rocketshoes	2013-05-05	Plot hole? Huh?Those dots only connect themselves because you want them to connect.We're given the explanation about wargs and their second lives, then we're shown the sacrifice infront of a heart tree and the show has made it absolutely clear that Lady's death paid for Bran's life. Why is Bran not a better candidate to resurrect Jon Snow? Melisandre also doesn't seem to believe that a man can be resurrected six times even with the proof right infront of her.There is a potential plothole if Melisandre is hovering over Jon's dead body on the tv show in a couple of seasons claiming she isn't sure what to do. Which could very well happen if book Melisandre isn't actually aware of the resurrection technique show Melisandre is aware of.We do know that Jon Snow is warging in Ghost's body after death, so there is a possibility that Melisandre has knowledge of this resurrection technique and brings him back without his 'soul' in tact because it is still trapped in ghost. At that point, I have no idea what they might do to put him back together again.It just wouldn't make any sense for anyone other than Melisandre to initially(keyword here) attempt to revive him now given her knowledge of revival techniques, unless Bran could possibly act faster. Maybe her attempts actually fail because a body containing a soul is a requirement for the spell..
					
					
							Edited by Rocketshoes, 05 May 2013 - 11:40 PM.
1610	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	Disagree - the Faceless Men are NOT associated with The Lord of Light.  They are on the opposite side, the side of Death, the Great Other, and Darkness.  #TeamArya.R'hollor and the Great Other don't seem to fit in well with the Many Faced God. Both R'hollor and the "Great Other" are supposedly resurrecting people from death that is not something that would be copacetic with MFG.
1611	Faint	2013-05-05	There is a potential plothole if Melisandre is hovering over Jon's dead body on the tv show in a couple of seasons claiming she isn't sure what to do. Which could very well happen if book Melisandre isn't actually aware of the resurrection technique show Melisandre is aware of.Exactly. The television audience has just been told that Melisandre is aware that a person that can be revived and possibly that she is able to do it. Why would the creators of the show, who know exactly what is going to happen to Jon, do that? I found that whole scene very informative.
1612	Hoo	2013-05-05	I found that whole scene very informative.Maybe to book readers, but not to me.So far I know that Beric has been revived 6 times, and revival is possible.  The way to do it is to have someone say a prayer.  I do not know whether the prayer has to be spoken by a priest, because Thoros did not consider himself a priest the first time he revived Beric.  I know that it depends on the will of Lord of the Light, so we don't know whether it will work ever again.
1613	Faint	2013-05-05	Maybe to book readers, but not to me.You do realize this is a book spoilers thread, right?
1614	Groney	2013-05-05	When Davos releases Gendry, will it be back to the brotherhood or just lets him go where he wants? Because Gendry was betrayed by them in this episode so I don't see how he can get back together with them.
1615	Faint	2013-05-05	When Davos releases Gendry, will it be back to the brotherhood or just lets him go where he wants? Because Gendry was betrayed by them in this episode so I don't see how he can get back together with them.Perhaps that is an indication that Gendry's association with the Brotherhood is not terribly important to the future of the story.
1616	Hoo	2013-05-05	You do realize this is a book spoilers thread, right?Yes, and I also realize that the show is deviating from the books.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 05 May 2013 - 11:52 PM.
1617	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	You do realize this is a book spoilers thread, right?I think he's trying to say that he's not going to trust the show to write the last two books from GRRM.I'm not either.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 05 May 2013 - 11:53 PM.
1618	Faint	2013-05-05	Yes, and I also realize that the show is deviating from the books.I think he's trying to say that he's not going to trust the show to write the last two books from GRRM.I'm not either.Perhaps, but will the show deviate so much that Melisandre will not be at Castle Black? I find that implausible.
1619	a shadow	2013-05-05	I found that whole scene very informative.The thing I thought I gathered from the whole thing is that they are giving much more weight to the R'hllor (last season they put Jaqen into the group, too). So they are building on "Ice vs Fire" much. And here Thoros says it is his love for a friend that brought him back (he did not say that in the books). So  Fire/Love/Good and Ice/Walkers/Bad. Maybe... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
1620	DragonsHungry	2013-05-05	This whole scene was so damn cool in that we maybe got something potentially new about the story in the "Song of Fire and Ice". Brown Eyes, Blue Eyes, Green Eyes, sound like the Many Face god, and "we will meet again". 
I can very much see the Mel inquisitiveness about resurrection and what they portends for the future. I also likes the bit about "The Heathens Slaying Each Other". This was one of my favorite scenes of the episode.
1621	Faint	2013-05-05	The thing I thought I gathered from the whole thing is that they are giving much more weight to the R'hllor (last season they put Jaqen into the group, too). So they are building on "Ice vs Fire" much. And here Thoros says it is his love for a friend that brought him back (he did not say that in the books). So  Fire/Love/Good and Ice/Walkers/Bad. Maybe... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />I'm assuming you have read the books but for someone who hasn't, someone who is just a television viewer, what do you imagine they will think when Jon is assassinated and Melisandre is there?
1622	a shadow	2013-05-05	Brown Eyes, Blue Eyes, Green Eyes, sound like the Many Face godShe said "eyes you'll shut forever", so I suppose the people she'll kill.
1623	Rocketshoes	2013-05-05	Perhaps, but will the show deviate so much that Melisandre will not be at Castle Black? I find that implausible.I do as well. Also, we know that Beric is not the only person going to be revived in the near future: UnCat, coming to a screen near you..They could potentially send Melisandre off to have a dance party with Daenerys when Jon Snow dies and create some more inconsistencies.
1624	DragonsHungry	2013-05-06	She said "eyes you'll shut forever", so I suppose the people she'll kill.Yes. Clearly there is faceless man foreshadowing there.
1625	a shadow	2013-05-06	I'm assuming you have read the books but for someone who hasn't, someone who is just a television viewer, what do you imagine they will think when Jon is assassinated and Melisandre is there?If they keep this up, show will be long off the air by then /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />No, I do not wish that for people /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> But it is far away, they can have Melisandre away, fail her first attempt or establish how difficult and one-off the resurection is. I do not know. And that is why it is not my first complaint /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1626	Mendoza	2013-05-06	I just want to know if Melisandre telling Arya they'll meet again is a future book spoiler.
As an invented scene/storyline goes, this may have been the strongest, imo.
1627	Envie	2013-05-06	This scene just - Blew. My. Mind.
Sooo many possible implications, so many possible clues and yet maybe just red herrings too. I don't know what to think just yet and I've re-watched it a couple of times to see if I can glean anymore hints.
See, I always figured Edric was going to be an important future player since GRRM took such efforts to have him saved and smuggled out by Davos. Conversely, I hoped Gendry too would be an important future character. Both are sons of Robert and both could potentially be future kings or at the very least allies to the Starks and key elements in rebuilding things. Now that they seem to be combining the two characters into one (Gendry only) I'm just completely baffled as to WHAT role he'll play that still seems important enough to include him in a plot twist on the show that never existed in the books. 
I like the ideas some here have said that Gendry will end up at the wall with Stannis and crew and then team up with Jon Snow, that would be awesome too. It doesn't really add up with where Gendry is in the books, still happily with the BwB and unaware of anything that we know of.
And finally the REAL kicker is of course Arya's interactions with Melisandre and the peculiar prophecy Mel gives Arya. LOVED IT. Definitely think this was a huge huge nod to the book readers, not just for fun but as a definite enormous clue!
WHEN and WHERE will Melisandre meet Arya again?! This is freaking awesome!!
1628	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I'm assuming you have read the books but for someone who hasn't, someone who is just a television viewer, what do you imagine they will think when Jon is assassinated and Melisandre is there?You're assuming because you've read the books not because you haven't read them.Who cares what they think, they're not even going to see Jon Snow "die" before Winds of Winter comes out are they? Or are they? Jealous much?I guess when people see it on the show they won't be surprised if Melisandre resurrects him. They will be surprised if she doesn't.What happens if Melisandre doesn't resurrect Jon Snow in Winds of Winter? What happens if he wasn't dead or if he's revived in some other way? What happens if Mel says "well I tried to warn the fool, might as well burn him now his watch has ended" ?
1629	Buzzard16	2013-05-06	Not sure how I feel about the changes to Gentry storyNot sure how I feel about the Gendry story change, I though for sure he would play a crucial part in the books the way he's managed get around so much and be in so many POV chapters. Taking him away from TBWB which is where he was last seen in current books is interesting, because there is no way he's going back to them. Arya talk with Melisandre and the "We will meet again." line. Could Melisandre be who the Faceless men will send Arya  to kill?
1630	Dumptruck	2013-05-06	She said "eyes you'll shut forever", so I suppose the people she'll kill.This EXACTLY, It's very clearEYES YOU'LL SHUT FOREVER
1631	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	IF this conversation was book foreshadowing, part my idea of how Arya get's back to westeros just got some possible support
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 06 May 2013 - 12:18 AM.
1632	lightbringer333	2013-05-06	thousands of lannister bannerman couldn't find BWB  however Mel knew their exact location.   how she found out the Gendry was kings blood ??
1633	Envie	2013-05-06	thousands of lannister bannerman couldn't find BWB  however Mel knew their exact location.   how she found out the Gendry was kings blood ??Yeah I kinda had to wonder about those little detail omissions as well. I realize she's got 'sight' from her powers, but she's even admitted it's not always perfectly clear. Musta been like damn GPS type clear in order to not only pinpoint the exact location of Gendry but to just waltz right into their camp and buy him off like a piece of cattle. Wow.
1634	Faint	2013-05-06	See, I always figured Edric was going to be an important future player since GRRM took such efforts to have him saved and smuggled out by Davos.There is no reason to think he isn't important just because he was combined with another character. For all intents and purposes, Gendry is Edric Storm (in so far as the show is concerned). If anything, this latest episode probably serves as evidence that Gendry is not terribly important after he joins the Brotherhood Without Banners since the creators of the show saw no reason to keep him there.
					
					
							Edited by Faint, 06 May 2013 - 12:24 AM.
1635	Envie	2013-05-06	There is no reason to think he isn't important just because he was combined with another character. For all intents and purposes, Gendry is Edric Storm. If anything, this latest show probably serves as evidence that Gendry is not terribly important after he joins the Brotherhood Without Banners since the creators of the show saw no reason to keep him there.OR - perhaps that Edric wasn't that terribly important. One or the other of them ends up being important and one of them isn't and in the books we don't really know that at all and are left hanging like so many other things. That's why this scene just blew my mind because of so many bizarre possible implications to book reveals...UGH I just want that next book to get doooone, come on George you're killin us here!!
1636	LordStoneheart	2013-05-06	Valar Morghulis, Valar Dohaeris isn't a Faceless Man thing; its a Valyrian thing. Oberyn and Dany's use of it show that. I think Oberyn down right says it
Edit: Not responding to any one comment here. Just the general criticism of why Mel and Thor both knew it.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 06 May 2013 - 12:33 AM.
1637	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I think they gave Gendry Edric's part because they wanted to give Gendry a reason to not want to be with the BwB until Beric isn't leading them anymore. So that they can have him continuing on under unCat, perhaps. Or maybe to set up that conflict with unCat (different factions split off, right? I can't remember)
1638	BluePG	2013-05-06	IF this conversation was book foreshadowing, part my idea of how Arya get's back to westeros just got some possible supportWhat's your theory?
1639	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I think they gave Gendry Edric's part because they wanted to give Gendry a reason to not want to be with the BwB until Beric isn't leading them anymore. So that they can have him continuing on under unCat, perhaps. Or maybe to set up that conflict with unCat (different factions split off, right? I can't remember)Yes, basically when Beric dies for good the Brotherhood without Banners dies, it's purpose dies or changes is more like it. Some people journey off with unCat bent on revenge for the RW and trying to find Arya/the Hound.Not really sure what they other faction is doing fighting the Mummers more openly but there's definitely a split that Thoros mentions.
1640	Blackaz01	2013-05-06	A point that hasn't been made that I found very interesting. It seemed like Arya could see through Mel's glamor and tricks and I loved that they did that. She was the first to spot Mel even before she was visible to the eyes of Anguy and the others. She was the first to call her out as a witch and said she didn't like her before she bought Gendry. I just think its awesome that they alluded to this especially from what we read in Dance with her tricks of glamor and the faceless man's as well.
1641	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-06	thousands of lannister bannerman couldn't find BWB  however Mel knew their exact location.   how she found out the Gendry was kings blood ??I assume she found the location by looking into her flames.
1642	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	What's your theory?parts of it may be a little weakhttp://asoiaf.wester...-back-for-arya/The gist of it is that the iron bank hires faceless men and she is sent to kill jon. If that was foreshadowing, then she would run into Melisandre while out performing the assassination. The whole thing is pretty crackpot, I admit lol
1643	Mendoza	2013-05-06	Of course, given how bad Mel is at her job, it could just be 'fake' Arya she thinks she'll meet again without realizing fake Arya is a fake, in which case, this becomes less interesting.
					
					
							Edited by Mendoza, 06 May 2013 - 12:46 AM.
1644	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	parts of it may be a little weakhttp://asoiaf.wester...-back-for-arya/The gist of it is that the iron bank hires faceless men and she is sent to kill jon. If that was foreshadowing, then she would run into Melisandre while out performing the assassination.The whole thing is pretty crackpot, I admit lolEspecially since Jon has just signed a deal with the Iron Bank of Braavos. I don't think that makes any sense at all.What does make sense is that Arya wants to go to the Wall to see Jon again, she just isn't ready to leave until she gets some more Faceless Man training but that is where she will go if she goes back to Westeros on her own terms.
1645	Envie	2013-05-06	I assume she found the location by looking into her flames.Sooo... lemme get this straight. Melisandre's powers are so good, she can look into the flames and depict the exact pinpoint location of Gendry, AND the fact that he exists in the first place (which she couldn't have possibly known before, no one knew who Gendry was) ... BUT her special powers aren't good enough to tell her who the real Arya is? I'm having a hard time buying that.
1646	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-06	I think the quote about the different eyes also imply Arya's status as a faceless men.But the thing that annoyed me was Mellisandre saying "Valar Morgulis", that's not her saying. That's the Faceless Men's saying, because they worship death. She does not.That is not a FM saying.  It is an Essos saying.
1647	amilas	2013-05-06	Unfortunately, I think they're going to kill off Gendry in place of Edric (I'm sorry...I can't remember if Edric actually dies in the book, I don't think so...) but more importantly he'll take the place of the leeches that Stannis burns in order to kill off Balon, Joffrey, and Robb. Because let's face it, that crazy fire magic works, but I don't think the tv audience will understand that subtle connection if it is only leeches. They need something emotional and heartbreaking (like, you know, killing off a likable side character) to make the masses pay attention.
1648	a shadow	2013-05-06	Unfortunately, I think they're going to kill off Gendry in place of Edric (I'm sorry...I can't remember if Edric actually dies in the book, I don't think so...) but more importantly he'll take the place of the leeches that Stannis burns in order to kill off Balon, Joffrey, and Robb. Because let's face it, that crazy fire magic works, but I don't think the tv audience will understand that subtle connection if it is only leeches. They need something emotional and heartbreaking (like, you know, killing off a likable side character) to make the masses pay attention.My bet is on Mellisndre going to corrupt him, while having him where she needs him, but he is not going to die soon.   He did get a little corrupt when staying with the BwB also.
1649	jambi	2013-05-06	Unfortunately, I think they're going to kill off Gendry in place of Edric (I'm sorry...I can't remember if Edric actually dies in the book, I don't think so...) but more importantly he'll take the place of the leeches that Stannis burns in order to kill off Balon, Joffrey, and Robb. Because let's face it, that crazy fire magic works, but I don't think the tv audience will understand that subtle connection if it is only leeches. They need something emotional and heartbreaking (like, you know, killing off a likable side character) to make the masses pay attention.Edric is saved by Davos, and it's been speculated that the fetuses(?) that Selyse keeps will be used instead of the leeches.
1650	amilas	2013-05-06	Edric is saved by Davos, and it's been speculated that the fetuses(?) that Selyse keeps will be used instead of the leeches.I've heard that theory. It would grab more attention than leeches, certainly, but I don't think that's going to happen. The fetuses are decidedly dead and I think that would go against Melisandre's very black and white views about good vs evil, life vs death, R'hllor Vs The Stranger, etc etc. But hey, I still wouldn't be surprised if the show veered off in that direction.
1651	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-05-06	Oh man, as an Arya fan, my stomach dropped when Mel said those foreshadowing lines about her!!!! I so want to believe this is D&D giving us a teaser hint about events of future books.
1652	kephv	2013-05-06	I agree. It'd be nice if true; however, it's nothing that couldn't be gleamed from the books<U+0080><U+0094>that Arya will kill many people, that is; the ghost of HH implied as much.
1653	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Sooo... lemme get this straight. Melisandre's powers are so good, she can look into the flames and depict the exact pinpoint location of Gendry, AND the fact that he exists in the first place (which she couldn't have possibly known before, no one knew who Gendry was) ... BUT her special powers aren't good enough to tell her who the real Arya is?I'm having a hard time buying that.Melisandre is seeking one of King Robert's bastards, not Gendry specifically, she doesn't care who he is, just what he is. King Robert was known to father many bastards, all she has to do is find one in the flames and boom, done.She saw visions of Gendry the king's bastard son because she needs king's blood for her magics. She doesn't start looking for Arya until Meliandre hooks up with Jon Snow and sees how much he cares about her.Oh man, as an Arya fan, my stomach dropped when Mel said those foreshadowing lines about her!!!! I so want to believe this is D&D giving us a teaser hint about events of future books.And yet Melisandre gave us even less of a vision than the Ghost of High heart. She told us nothing that hasn't happened in future books.To TV viewers yeah that whole "I see a darkness in you..." was kinda creepy.
1654	amilas	2013-05-06	My bet is on Mellisndre going to corrupt him, while having him where she needs him, but he is not going to die soon.  He did get a little corrupt when staying with the BwB also.Sorry, could you expand on this? I don't know what you mean...Gendry wasn't "corrupted" by the BWB. If anything it shows the kind of great person that Gendry is. He was born lowborn and has always been judged by that and is even hunted for it (even though he doesn't know exactly why). Yet, he wants to help people and he wants to do it in a way that won't confine him. He wants a real family and he chooses the family he wants, which is a group of people who help other people (before he is sold of course). So, what do you mean he was "corrupted"?
1655	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Sorry, could you expand on this? I don't know what you mean...Gendry wasn't "corrupted" by the BWB. So, what do you mean he was "corrupted"?Gendry tells Brienne that she's going to die. The BwB after Beric dies for good is vengeful organization that betrays guest right, fair trials, ransoming and basically every law in the book. They were outlaws before but under unCat they sink to a new low in some ways.Gendry also blindly follows the faith of R'hollor because of the magic that he saw Thoros perform and is disrespectful to others faiths(like most everyone else in the BwB, except Thoros)
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 06 May 2013 - 01:36 AM.
1656	BluePG	2013-05-06	Sorry, could you expand on this? I don't know what you mean...Gendry wasn't "corrupted" by the BWB.Well you could argue that he was corrupted because he became a follower of R'hllor. He makes that pretty clear to Brienne. Also, it appears he is ok with the "justice" LS is giving out.Whether or not you see him as corrupted depends on whether or not you think these things are bad.
1657	amilas	2013-05-06	Gendry tells Brienne that she's going to die. The BwB after Beric dies for good is vengeful organization that betrays guest right, fair trials, ransoming and basically every law in the book. They were outlaws before but under unCat they sink to a new low in some ways.Gendry also blindly follows the faith of R'hollor because of the magic that he saw Thoros perform and is disrespectful to others faiths(like most everyone else in the BwB, except Thoros)I see where you are coming from but I don't really agree. It would make sense if we had some sense of Gendry's moral compass to begin with. But really, in ACoK, we already see that he is a bit flaky and comfortable with just being a smith to whatever lord will have him, as long as it keeps him alive and well. Hell, Arya is in great distress and is brutalized every day and Gendry pretty much tells her to deal with it.  I think that with the BwB, he actually shows true values for the first time. He may be with a group that has shady morals, but I think this moves lifts him up rather than brings him down.
1658	a shadow	2013-05-06	Sorry, could you expand on this? I don't know what you mean...Gendry wasn't "corrupted" by the BWB. If anything it shows the kind of great person that Gendry is. He was born lowborn and has always been judged by that and is even hunted for it (even though he doesn't know exactly why). Yet, he wants to help people and he wants to do it in a way that won't confine him. He wants a real family and he chooses the family he wants, which is a group of people who help other people (before he is sold of course). So, what do you mean he was "corrupted"?In the books Gendry feels handing off Brienne is not right, but he still does it, because it is how BwB operates.Hell, Arya is in great distress and is brutalized every day and Gendry pretty much tells her to deal with it.Where is she hurt where Gendry can help it? How is it bad to help her to keep herself alive in the situations she is in?
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 06 May 2013 - 02:01 AM.
1659	amilas	2013-05-06	In the books Gendry feels handing off Brienne is not right, but he still does it, because it is how BwB operates.Where is she hurt where Gendry can help it? How is it bad to help her to keep herself alive in the situations she is in?Okay, this is getting beyond my grasp. I'll try to reign it in a little. I don't think Gendry's decisions are totally wonderful and purely good from this point on. (This point being when he joins the Brotherhood). No characters' decisions are totally black or white in the books or in the show. If anything, Gendry is the perfect representative of what the BwB is. They mean to stand for justice and morality. However, we all know--as careful, analytical readers--that justice can sometimes be grey when it comes to morality. Just because it is justice, doesn't mean it is good or bad. That being said, I don't think that Gendry is all purely good. I do, however, believe that this is the first instance where we actually see Gendry stand for something, and it isn't totally bad. Yes, he pretty much hands over Brienne because of the Brotherhood. Yet, his motivations for joining the Brotherhood and continuing with them are based on his morals, even if they don't always fit together. I just don't see this as corruption. I see this as an arch and as a learning experience for him. He's learning the difference between justice and morality.And perhaps the Arya point wasn't a good one. I just meant to show that we have no real indication of his morals before this. At least we see him trying to live in a world where he thinks what he's doing is right.He's pretty much Robert's bastard and Arya's tag-along-by-chance-acquaintance up until this point.
1660	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I see where you are coming from but I don't really agree. It would make sense if we had some sense of Gendry's moral compass to begin with. But really, in ACoK, we already see that he is a bit flaky and comfortable with just being a smith to whatever lord will have him, as long as it keeps him alive and well. Hell, Arya is in great distress and is brutalized every day and Gendry pretty much tells her to deal with it.  I think that with the BwB, he actually shows true values for the first time. He may be with a group that has shady morals, but I think this moves lifts him up rather than brings him down.I see where you're coming from but thinking that a smith that works for outlaws is better than a smith that works for a lord that keeps the king's peace then you're crazy.Arya heard Tywin talking to the Mountain last seasonBurn the villages, burn the farms, let them know what it means to choose the wrong sideThe Lannisters are killing the common people trying to root out the BwB. It can be argued that the Brotherhood is not ultimately helping the common people though they claim they are.She's seen people get tortured and killed because of the Brotherhood.  so again Gendry goes from a upstanding apprentice smith to a lawbreaking outlaw smith. I'd call it being corrupted though I suppose ultimately whoever wins the war will be the "good guys" because they will be the ones that will write the history of it. Whether they pardon the brotherhood or hang them all remains to be seen as well.
1661	a shadow	2013-05-06	I just meant to show that we have no real indication of his morals before this.I disagree. From when we first meet him to the point where Arya escapes the BwB, he is hardworking and honest, he protects and helps.We did not see as much of him as of the main characters, but what we saw was consistent and straigtforward. You could argue that it is not the only side of him and we just don't know, but the same can be said of any character then, and the discussion would never have any point.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 06 May 2013 - 02:28 AM.
1662	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-05-06	Something really intrigued me: Mel's conversation with Arya. Mainly the "We will meet again"I feel there are implications on this line regarding the unreleased book 6 and Arya's future.got exacly same feeling - a "mayheps" spoiler for book-wormssince we all still guessing whos Aryas target "mayheps" be - Mel is often considerd as a contestant - that way Arya ends up on the wall with Lord Snow .
1663	lightbringer333	2013-05-06	brown eyes, blue eyes and green eyes which will be shut forever by arya. who do you think those 3 unlucky ??
1664	lightbringer333	2013-05-06	got exacly same feeling - a "mayheps" spoiler for book-wormssince we all still guessing whos Aryas target "mayheps" be - Mel is often considerd as a contestant - that way Arya ends up on the wall with Lord Snow .now my all money is on arya as jon's nissa.
1665	amilas	2013-05-06	Well I still hold to my views, though you all have pretty valid arguments. I guess it just comes down to our opinions on whether intention in the face or something you cannot control is the same as action in the face of something you can, which is really an argument humanity has been having since the dawn of time. Or maybe I am just interested in a group that begins small to protect people and is slowly influenced by the world around them. There is an argument that Gendry, as a representative of the BwB, is corrupted (like the group is). But as a character judged solely based on his development, I just don't see it. But I'll let it drop because there isn't much more I can say about it. Frankly, he is confined to just a few chapters and it is hard to judge him based on that. I just hope that GRRM will make him a POV...this has been my dream for a few years now.
1666	Joey Beers	2013-05-06	Gendry standing in for Edric and Mel talking to Arya are weird twists. Simply because at this point so many things have changed from the book that we don't know where the show is heading. I mean, we all probably feel that some things will change from the text but the story will basically remain the same. Yet certain things are starting to unfold in the show that could affect the eventual story. By that I mean what hasn't been written yet. So, either the show knows things that we don't about future events, or they are just gonna try to make entertaining television and see how things play out. For example, capturing Gendry could prove to be insignificant if his story dwindles out (as it has so far), but there are many theories about him returning to prominence. If something happens to him now in the show it would put an end to that possibility. Maybe they don't show him for a while, but eventually he returns with Mel. Unless they are stopped in the process, in which case, what was the point? If he does stay with Mel then a resolution to his character that is not in the books must happen. Bah! All this is making me wish for a 12 part epic directed by Ken Burns that is true to the book...
1667	Belisarius09	2013-05-06	So in the books Gendry stayed with the BWB. 
This scene certailny changes things.  It wouldn't make much sense for Gendry to return the the Riverlands and the BWB after he's been taken to dragonstone, he certainly won't trust the BWB anymore.  Clearly they mean to have Gednry replace Edric, but what will happen after that?  Davos will be awesome and sway Stannis, but what will Gendry do after that, join with Stannis? So many implications from these changes and no idea where they will take us. 
Secondly, Mel's line to Arya.  Forshadowing that Arya will eventually return to Westeros? This comes to me as a sigh of relief, her storyline was really starting to bog down in Bravos. 
Overall I'm ok with the changes, it gives Arya a more legitimate reason to run from the BWB than she had in the books.  I'm just curious as to what they plan to do with Gendry after Stannis sides with Davos over Mel.
1668	mas476	2013-05-06	This is the first time I feel like maybe I shoudn't watch the show anymore.  I don't care if they change stuff on the show - it's a different medium and they have to run a show, etc, etc....but I feel like what Mellisandre said actually spoils the book - which IMO is BS.   I wonder how GRRM feels about that...
1669	Demiant	2013-05-06	brown eyes, blue eyes and green eyes which will be shut forever by arya. who do you think those 3 unlucky ??No way to know for sure, and seeing as how they changed all purple eyes to different colours on the show, maybe one of the three has purple eyes in the books but not on the show, in which case it adds even more possibilities. When I first heard Mel say that line, I thought it was just a general way of saying Arya would kill many people, not specifically three people with different eye colours.I'm curious as to how Mel found Gendry and the BWB. Sacrificing Edric Storm was understandable because he was in Dragonstone, Mel was aware of him and knew he had king's blood, but very few people know of Gendry's existence and bloodline. We're just to assume that she looked into her fires and voila, the LoL just shows her the exact location where she can find a king's bastard? Now I've read the books twice and I may be wrong but I can't recall Melisandre ever being able to pinpoint someone exactly from her fires (as well as just randomly knowing they're a bastard).
					
					
							Edited by Demiant, 06 May 2013 - 03:30 AM.
1670	Ser Wun Wun	2013-05-06	What Mel said to Arya could be foreshadowing, or it could simply be setting up Mel to look like a fool by making a wrong prediction (which she does several times in the books).  Like I imagine it could go down like this:
1).  We get a scene where the Kindly Man tells Arya that if she does not want to continue the FM training that he will find another place for her, maybe even book her passage on a ship to a place of her choosing (something like this does happen in the books, although I don't think the Kindly Man offers her passage on a ship).
2.)  We are left on a cliffhanger as to whether or not Arya has taken the Kindly Man's offer.  No more scenes from her for awhile to keep the suspense going.
3.)  Mel then tells Jon about the "girl in grey on a dying horse" coming to Wall, and says that it is his sister.  Because of what Mel had said previously, this leads the show audience (who, let's assume, were paying attention and remembered) to believe that Arya accepted the Kindly Man's offer and is going to Jon.
4.)  The twist unfolds:  Alys Karstark is revealed the be the "girl in grey", not Arya, who has chosen to stay with the FM and continue her training.  The TV show plays with viewers expectations here the same way GRRM does with us in the books.  
If it plays out like the above, then it's still possible for Mel to die in the fallout at the Wall like many speculate (including myself).  Or I'm completely wrong and Mel will both survive the fallout and 1).  Become a part of Jon's retinue and therefore be present when he meets Arya again or 2.)  Go someplace in Essos after what happens at the Wall and serendipitously run into Arya.  I'm kind of hoping neither of the latter two options happen, but I guess we'll have to wait and see.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 06 May 2013 - 04:15 AM.
1671	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	I could see a more immediate payoff to Mel's prophecy about Arya. She needs to get Needle back, so I'd guess that they'll bump into the Mountain's men after the RW and she'll kill one of them, noticing his eye colour. After that, who knows, but the mention of green eyes has me hoping she offs a Lannister.
1672	A Bong of Ice and Fire	2013-05-06	I wonder if that was a book spoiler about whom Arya's big assassination target will be.  Maybe the FM will send her after Melisandre. (FM clearly are not on the side of dragons and fire.)
					
					
							Edited by A Bong of Ice and Fire, 06 May 2013 - 04:33 AM.
1673	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	I wonder if that was a book spoiler about whom Arya's big assassination target will be.  Maybe the FM will send her after Melisandre. (FM clearly are not on the side of dragons and fire.)Do you really think D&D are dump enough to put spoilers thru the series just because they know the ending?
1674	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	People online on this forum say that the shows have nothing to do with the books and that any changes or subjects being stressed in the show is superfluous to canon.  But I don't know.  You had the House of Undying - a massive part in the series, completely change.  Dany almost touching the throne, but goes to the wall instead where she is reunited with Drogo and her son (Dany dies at the wall?).  Now you have Mel prophesising meeting Arya again.  Edric Storm clearly isn't important to the storyline now, which means he probably isn't in the books.  And now this change with Gendry?  Will Gendry go to the wall with Stannis? Does that mean Gendry ends up at the wall in the books?  Argh!
1675	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	I could see a more immediate payoff to Mel's prophecy about Arya. She needs to get Needle back, so I'd guess that they'll bump into the Mountain's men after the RW and she'll kill one of them, noticing his eye colour. After that, who knows, but the mention of green eyes has me hoping she offs a Lannister.  I thought the changing eyes prophecy thing was her destiny to become a Faceless Man.
1676	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	I thought the changing eyes prophecy thing was her destiny to become a Faceless Man.I thought that was about the different eye colours of the direwolves all within her too cause they are part of her pack.
1677	Relic	2013-05-06	Fuck this show.
1678	Relic	2013-05-06	Do you really think D&D are dump enough to put spoilers thru the series just because they know the ending?Yup.  The show  will end before the last book is out and we are getting massive spoilers.
1679	Demiant	2013-05-06	Yup.  The show  will end before the last book is out and we are getting massive spoilers.If it gets to the point where the show gets ahead of the books, I'll defo stop watching. I'll prob stop watching before that if they keep ruining characters/storylines.
1680	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	You have to ask why they put in "Mel and Arya meeting again" statement?  I mean what did it do?  Mel could have just mentioned the eyes thing and moved on.  Did we really NEED to know they will meet again?
1681	Loras	2013-05-06	I really liked the idea of the scene and thought it was entirely in character for the Brotherhood to sell Gendry.
Also, I love hearing High Valyrian /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1682	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	About Arya and the eyes, dunno if it's been said but instead of referring to people's eyes Arya will close (i.e. she kills them) I reckon it's just her future ability to change face (her eyes changing colour with it) and her going blind as part of the FM training.I really liked the idea of the scene and thought it was entirely in character for the Brotherhood to sell Gendry.Also, I love hearing High Valyrian /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Don't think it was in character at all - they're meant to defend the common people and are utterly principled, now that is secondary to their religious fanaticism.  It's only later on under LS they forsake principle and justice and take up revenge.I do love all the Valyrian we're getting this season though.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 06 May 2013 - 06:07 AM.
1683	Hatting	2013-05-06	First post /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Was I the only one who got the impression that Mel was somewhat scared by Arya? "Eyes staring back at me. Eyes you will shut forever". I really think that could hint that Arya is going to shut Mel's eyes
					
					
							Edited by Hatting, 06 May 2013 - 06:04 AM.
1684	NickyM	2013-05-06	First I liked it.  It gives a good reason for Gendry not to come back or trust the Brotherhood.  It would prompt Arya on a solo mission.  The one thing I was waiting for was for Arya to ask her name so she could add her to the list.  I was even waiting, during the exchange of Mellisandre/Arya about the Darkness, for Arya to say "And that Darkness will be coming for you."  I guess I'm so used to her threatening people, it seemed weird when she didn't.
1685	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	brown eyes, blue eyes and green eyes which will be shut forever by arya. who do you think those 3 unlucky ??Dunno... Cerseis eyes being green in the book feels like a Red herring.
1686	Loras	2013-05-06	Don't think it was in character at all - they're meant to defend the common people and are utterly principled, now that is secondary to their religious fanaticism.  It's only later on under LS they forsake principle and justice and take up revenge.I do love all the Valyrian we're getting this season though.I think it would have been better had Gendry not said that he wanted to stay with the BwB last episode.  I don't really see the difference between selling Arya to Robb and selling Gendry to Melisandre... both accomplish the same thing: getting money for their cause of saving the common people.It will be interesting in hindsight - especially when the question is raised whether sacrificing one life for the greater good is right or not.First post /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Was I the only one who got the impression that Mel was somewhat scared by Arya? "Eyes staring back at me. Eyes you will shut forever". I really think that could hint that Arya is going to shut Mel's eyesI too got the impression that Mel was scared of Arya.
1687	Spidey	2013-05-06	And the added focus on the Red God suggests to me that he, or at least the religion, will play a major role in the end.Why does this seem news to everybody?? Mel pretty much spells it out for Davos in the books. R'hllor is the exact opposite of the Other. Fire vs. Ice. The whole damn series is named after it! Of course that religion will be very important in the end.
1688	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	I think it would have been better had Gendry not said that he wanted to stay with the BwB last episode.  I don't really see the difference between selling Arya to Robb and selling Gendry to Melisandre... both accomplish the same thing: getting money for their cause of saving the common people.It will be interesting in hindsight - especially when the question is raised whether sacrificing one life for the greater good is right or not.The difference is they'd be returning Arya to her brother and mother, while giving Gendry over to likely death.You can say their religion justifies the death but this again places religious fanaticism above justice for the people, which transforms their moral touchstone and de-ennobles them.
1689	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-06	The thing Mel says about the eyes is definitely just foreshadowing Arya's future role as a Faceless man. The music is even the same as every Jaqen scene from season 2.
1690	Demiant	2013-05-06	I think it would have been better had Gendry not said that he wanted to stay with the BwB last episode.  I don't really see the difference between selling Arya to Robb and selling Gendry to Melisandre... both accomplish the same thing: getting money for their cause of saving the common people.As Dragonstoned said, they're handing one over to her family, pretty much assuring her safety (or as much as they can) whilst also getting gold to keep their fight going. They're handing the other over to likely death. If it was just about getting money for their cause, they could have easily ransomed Arya to a certain house that would certainly pay more than the Starks.
1691	DragonAge93	2013-05-06	Could the resurrection conversation be foreshadowing as well? Say, for the end of Dance?Wow, good observation. Maybe now Mel will use this with Jon for whenever the time comes for that scene.
1692	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	As Dragonstoned said, they're handing one over to her family, pretty much assuring her safety (or as much as they can) whilst also getting gold to keep their fight going. They're handing the other over to likely death. If it was just about getting money for their cause, they could have easily ransomed Arya to a certain house that would certainly pay more than the Starks.Well, as far as they know, the Lord of Light is just, and if he wanted Gendry, and Gendry was innocent, then he'd be fine. They have no reason to believe that they are handing him over to death.
1693	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	This is the first time I feel like maybe I shoudn't watch the show anymore.  I don't care if they change stuff on the show - it's a different medium and they have to run a show, etc, etc....but I feel like what Mellisandre said actually spoils the book - which IMO is BS.   I wonder how GRRM feels about that...Yup.  The show  will end before the last book is out and we are getting massive spoilers.If it gets to the point where the show gets ahead of the books, I'll defo stop watching. I'll prob stop watching before that if they keep ruining characters/storylines.You guys should definitely stop watching now, at this episode. No more posts about the show either. Thanks!
1694	Loras	2013-05-06	Well, as far as they know, the Lord of Light is just, and if he wanted Gendry, and Gendry was innocent, then he'd be fine. They have no reason to believe that they are handing him over to death.Agreed.  There has been no implication on the show - at all - that Melisandre intends to sacrifice Gendry.  He also seemed pretty pleased when he was told that he would make Kings rise and fall.  It was only Arya who seemed to be concerned for his safety... but then it was heavily implied that Mel might not enjoy her next meeting with her.
1695	Demiant	2013-05-06	Well, as far as they know, the Lord of Light is just, and if he wanted Gendry, and Gendry was innocent, then he'd be fine. They have no reason to believe that they are handing him over to death.I don't buy that, they'd have to have their suspicions when handing him over and the fact that he doesn't want to go willingly. Again, it's at the point where the BwB from the show is different from the book. So yes, it's understandable why they'd do it on the show, it's the fact they've been changed in the first place that's so irksome.
1696	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	The thing Mel says about the eyes is definitely just foreshadowing Arya's future role as a Faceless man. The music is even the same as every Jaqen scene from season 2.  That's what I thought, especially when she says "Eyes shut" which is foreshadowing Arya going blind for a while.
1697	Versiroth	2013-05-06	I thought her saying the different eye colors was a foreshadowing of the fact that she'll later be a faceless man.  Able to change her appearance at will.
1698	mikeblackfire	2013-05-06	Hmmm... I think the "we'll meet again" may be just because of the "grey girl o a dying horse"...This new focus on Rh'lorr may just be to give the audience mor info, since we didn't have that important conversation of Davos and Mel yet.And Gendry may become a believer in the red faith, still wanting to serve his purpose in the brotherhood.
1699	Sniraga	2013-05-06	As for the "we'll meet again", I didn't take that as a future book spoiler. I thought it simply meant that Mel and Arya will meet before Arya leaves for the FM training or something like that. I mean, who knows what Mel is up to now that she has left Stannis for the time being? Perhaps she will tour around Westeros for a while? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I doubt D&D would bother to foreshadow something that might happen like four or five seasons from now.
1700	Versiroth	2013-05-06	The difference is they'd be returning Arya to her brother and mother, while giving Gendry over to likely death.You can say their religion justifies the death but this again places religious fanaticism above justice for the people, which transforms their moral touchstone and de-ennobles them.They are followers of the lord of light, so, the need to burn someone for the greater good shouldn't really bother them.  Then again, that scene could play in to Beric's giving his life for Cat's nicely.  Maybe they'll show a scene with him feeling guilty about handing over Gendry and then when he gives Cat the kiss, he'll say something about him no longer deserving this life.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 06 May 2013 - 07:45 AM.
1701	The Flaying Man	2013-05-06	I haven't seen this mentioned yet, but did anyone else notice that R'hllor was misspelled as "R'hollor"? That was quite an oversight, in my opinion; the first time the Lord of Light's true name is said onscreen, and it isn't even spelled correctly?
ETA: Grammar error
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 06 May 2013 - 07:56 AM.
1702	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	I haven't seen this mentioned yet, but did anyone else notice that R'hllor was misspelled as "R'hollor"? That was quite an oversight, in my opinion; the first time the Lord of Light's true name is said onscreen or the first time, and it isn't even spelled correctly?I didn't notice but yeah you are right, suppose even the writers have trouble spelling it.And I take everyone's points about R'hllor deciding justice with regard to Gendry so him not being in any undeserved danger in their eyes, but this still changes the nature of the BwB as perceived by the viewers and Arya - maybe we could have had a conversation with Beric and Thoros debating which path to take.
1703	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-05-06	They spoiled, they cut the Storm's End part, and Gendry was supposed to be with the BwB, I was really upset with this scene.
this and the Tyrells stuff, that Loras is the heir, and that's a lie, as Loras in the book is a third son, and he joined the KG
1704	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	They spoiled, they cut the Storm's End part, and Gendry was supposed to be with the BwB, I was really upset with this scene.this and the Tyrells stuff, that Loras is the heir, and that's a lie, as Loras in the book is a third son, and he joined the KGThat's not a lie, in the show!
1705	Demiant	2013-05-06	That's not a lie, in the show!Yes we get it, the show is different than the books, but that's precisely what is irking a lot of people.
1706	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Yes we get it, the show is different than the books, but that's precisely what is irking a lot of people.Mate, if you really got it, you (complainers) wouldn't be saying it every week, every year. It's like disliking sea food, yet WILLINGLY eating it every sunday and then complaining about its taste. Either you stop eating it, or you accept its taste. Saying, every week, every year "yikes, sea food tastes bad" is plain ridiculous, at this point.
1707	Demiant	2013-05-06	You have your views, others have theirs, just accept that. People are allowed to complain about unnecessary differences, this is hardly the first book-to-tv adaptation that garners critique and it certainly won't be the last. It's more like disliking sea food, except you're originally eating a beef stew and the chef's slowly putting more and more sea food in it.
1708	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	You have your views, others have theirs, just accept that. People are allowed to complain about unnecessary differences, this is hardly the first book-to-tv adaptation that garners critique and it certainly won't be the last. It's more like disliking sea food, except you're originally eating a beef stew and the chef's slowly putting more and more sea food in it.I fully accept others having their views, and I fully find book winers pathetic. And no, lad, you know that you're not eating a beef stew; you are watching the show, and you already know its alleged flaws. It's not like you are reading the books, and someone changed the story without you knowing. You are watching the show. I bet that, if you go back to the books, your beef stew, they will taste EXACTLY the way they did. Going to a restaurant, buying sea food, and expecting a beef stew. That's wat you are doing.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 06 May 2013 - 08:31 AM.
1709	Demiant	2013-05-06	I fully accept others having their views, and i fully find book winers pathetic. And no, lad, you know that you're not eating a beef stew; you are watching the show, and you already know its alleged flaws. It's not like you are reading the books, and someone changed the story without you knowing. You are watching the show. I bet that, if you go back to the books, your beef stew, they will taste EXACTLY the way they did. Going to a restaurant, buying sea food, and expecting a beef stew. That's wat you are doing.Yeah, I knew before watching this episode/recent episodes that they'd completely change who the BwB are, that Cat would become a background character, that the Blackfish would be reduced to a rugged thug, etc.The reason I watch the show is to see what I read adapted to TV, not for the showrunners to change the store, especially for the worse.I don't go into each episode anticipating sea food, I go into it expecting beef stew and being fed sea food.P.S.  Essentially, if for example I learn today that they'll make big changes to the story then I don't see a point in watching, considering the reason I watch it is the watch the story I enjoy unfold. At best I'll DL or stream the eps out of curiosity but I'd certainly never hand money over for ruining the story I expected when I tuned into the show.
					
					
							Edited by Demiant, 06 May 2013 - 08:38 AM.
1710	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	Yes we get it, the show is different than the books, but that's precisely what is irking a lot of people.There are enough characters as it is in the tv show to give the viewers a hard time remembering who's who. Couple that with the cost of actors coming in for minor roles and it's unavoidable for the producers to make radical, wholesale changes to the plot. You just have to keep faith that the information the producers have from GRRM keeps them from changing it in any way that's too meaningful.
1711	mickey117	2013-05-06	For some reason, The faith of R'hllor is more appealing to me than any real-life religion...
1712	lightbringer333	2013-05-06	Dunno... Cerseis eyes being green in the book feels like a Red herring.blue eyes is stannis, brown eyes may be tyrell  and green is LF.
1713	mormont	2013-05-06	[mod] I think we can do without the 164th go-round of 'book purists vs the rest'. Particularly if people are going to start flaming each other. Drop it. [/mod]
1714	Jojosh	2013-05-06	Imo the books should only be an outline of major events
The show should do its own thing in regards to characterization and scenarios
1715	Demiant	2013-05-06	There are enough characters as it is in the tv show to give the viewers a hard time remembering who's who. Couple that with the cost of actors coming in for minor roles and it's unavoidable for the producers to make radical, wholesale changes to the plot. You just have to keep faith that the information the producers have from GRRM keeps them from changing it in any way that's too meaningful.I agree, that's why I stated that some changes are understandable, but some are just silly. Theon being too stupid to realize he's being flayed and associate it with the flayed man. And even the BwB changing... I get that Gendry would be a cheap replacement for Edric Storm in terms of casting, but why have the BwB just willingly hand him over for gold? They (the showrunners/writers) could have gotten him within the grasps of Mel some other way without changing the morals of certain characters.
					
					
							Edited by Demiant, 06 May 2013 - 08:42 AM.
1716	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Sir Tony of Hibbert, for some mysterious reason I can't quote you. What do you mean by "Christ on a bike", here?
1717	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	[mod] I think we can do without the 164th go-round of 'book purists vs the rest'. Particularly if people are going to start flaming each other. Drop it. [/mod]I'm sorry, by no means I wanted to start a flame.
1718	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	I agree, that's why I stated that some changes are understandable, but some are just silly. Theon being too stupid to realize he's being flayed and associate it with the flayed man. And even the BwB changing... I get that Gendry would be a cheap replacement for Edric Storm in terms of casting, but why have the BwB just willingly hand him over for gold? They (the showrunners/writers) could have gotten him within the grasps of Mel some other way without changing the morals of certain characters.I'd say that like with Arya they're taking the gold because they can, and probably would have handed him over regardless of it. I agree that it's out of character that they'd hand him over in the first place without knowing her intent (and I'm sure they'd have refused if they knew what she planned), but I suppose you just have to chalk it up to Thoros and Beric's new piety.
1719	Demiant	2013-05-06	I'm sorry, by no means I wanted to start a flame.Same, no flaming going on just debating. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Anyhoo, I understand shows deviating from source material. Dexter did it to great success. And even though I've never actually read the books, I enjoy other shows based off books (True Blood, TVD). And heck like I said, I liked some of the changes the GoT show made from the books, I just dislike some of the ones they've made recently.
					
					
							Edited by Demiant, 06 May 2013 - 08:50 AM.
1720	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	I agree, that's why I stated that some changes are understandable, but some are just silly. Theon being too stupid to realize he's being flayed and associate it with the flayed man. And even the BwB changing... I get that Gendry would be a cheap replacement for Edric Storm in terms of casting, but why have the BwB just willingly hand him over for gold? They (the showrunners/writers) could have gotten him within the grasps of Mel some other way without changing the morals of certain characters.The BwB handed Gendry over because it was the will of their Red God, not just for the money. They're religious zealots. Theon is never told he's being flayed. Ramsay tells him that he's going to cut his pinky off, not flay it. Also, how many times do you think Theon has left Winterfell? It's not like the Starks vacationed at the Dreadfort once a year. Hell, Sansa says she's never even left Winterfell before going to King's Landing.
1721	melissaphish	2013-05-06	I hated it! It makes me really sad that they changed the way we view the Brotherhood....they are supposed to be good
1722	Demiant	2013-05-06	The BwB handed Gendry over because it was the will of their Red God, not just for the money. They're religious zealots.Theon is never told he's being flayed. Ramsay tells him that he's going to cut his pinky off, not flay it. Also, how many times do you think Theon has left Winterfell? It's not like the Starks vacationed at the Dreadfort once a year. Hell, Sansa says she's never even left Winterfell before going to King's Landing.1. Maybe it is because of them being religious zealots, that's still changing the characters, just turning them into religious zealots.2. Flaying = the removal of skin from the body. In the Theon scenes, he was having his skin removed from his pinky. And you don't have to leave Winterfell to have heard of the flayings, the fact that their sigil is a flayed man is common knowledge in Westeros, is it not?
1723	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	2. Flaying = the removal of skin from the body. In the Theon scenes, he was having his skin removed from his pinky. And you don't have to leave Winterfell to have heard of the flayings, the fact that their sigil is a flayed man is common knowledge in Westeros, is it not?I was thinking, maybe that X shaped cross is a common torture instrument, in Westeros. Or at least, not solely belonging to the Boltons. Although their banner is quite a giveaway. But again, I suppose I would be everything but able to make logical connections, if tied to a cross and flayed!
1724	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	1. Maybe it is because of them being religious zealots, that's still changing the characters, just turning them into religious zealots.2. Flaying = the removal of skin from the body. In the Theon scenes, he was having his skin removed from his pinky. And you don't have to leave Winterfell to have heard of the flayings, the fact that their sigil is a flayed man is common knowledge in Westeros, is it not?They most certainly were religious zealots in the book. They follow a dead man. They drop their banners to worship the Red God. It's funny how people cast their own projections of the characters from the books. Many people interpreted the BwB to be a kind of Robin Hood-esque group of freedom fighters. I always viewed them as a cult. Theon is told he's going to have his pinky be cut off. He doesn't get flayed until the end of the scene. It's not shocking that a guy who's being mentally and physically tortured wouldn't be able to connect the dots.
1725	Winterz	2013-05-06	Could anyone tell me what Melisandre told Gendry when saying that unlike him, the brotherhood were just footsoldiers. Did she mention the word..."King"? Could it be that Edric will be Stannis' heir and King after his death?
1726	nomad_nyc	2013-05-06	Mel's "we will meet again" makes me a little worried that they might make Faceless Men some sort of an offshoot of the R'hllor religion for the sake of simplicity on the show (so as not to intrioduce yet another religion which in the books serves as a great contrast to the god of light but may be too much for the shallow TV story).
Wasn't it suggested in the show that Jacquen was a follower of R'hllor? (Arya's "who is rollo?"). If that is the case Mel and Arya might meet in Braavos during Arya's training.
Well... that would kinda suck...
1727	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	Could anyone tell me what Melisandre told Gendry when saying that unlike him, the brotherhood were just footsoldiers. Did she mention the word..."King"? Could it be that Edric will be Stannis' heir and King after his death?She said he would make kings rise and fall.
1728	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I agree, that's why I stated that some changes are understandable, but some are just silly. Theon being too stupid to realize he's being flayed and associate it with the flayed man. And even the BwB changing... I get that Gendry would be a cheap replacement for Edric Storm in terms of casting, but why have the BwB just willingly hand him over for gold? They (the showrunners/writers) could have gotten him within the grasps of Mel some other way without changing the morals of certain characters.I really don't understand this at all, the BwBs is selling Arya as a hostage instead of letting her go as soon as they learn her identity.In the books they're getting ready to rob Arya of her horses with a piece of paper, just like they do the Hound and like they wanted to do to Brienne and Jaime who they run into as well.I don't understand where people are seeing them put in a more negative light than they are in the books. It is horrible since we assume that Melisandre will sacrifice him to wake stone dragons, but how is Thoros suppose to know that is her intention?Gendry has no ransom value to the Brotherhood and Melisandre is giving them two huge bags of gold.I do feel bad that the BwB didn't keep him as a smith because in the books they need a smith badly, even Anguy asking him if he could make the special arrows and Gendry just looks at it and says "find me some good steel"I knew this altercation would have huge consequences from the moment preview clips showed Thoros, Beric and Melisandre together. I expected Arya to be gone. Having them meet was something that could have consequences down the road or it could not.Look at what happened with Tywin, with LIttlefinger(who should've recognized her) and now with Melisandre. Arya meet them all in the show. Has anything changed because of those people meeting her? Not really.The BwB handed Gendry over because it was the will of their Red God, not just for the money. They're religious zealots.Theon is never told he's being flayed. Ramsay tells him that he's going to cut his pinky off, not flay it. Also, how many times do you think Theon has left Winterfell? It's not like the Starks vacationed at the Dreadfort once a year. Hell, Sansa says she's never even left Winterfell before going to King's Landing.Theon didn't leave Winterfell until he rode south with Robb Stark to rescue Ned. Unless you call visiting whores in Wintertown leaving.1. Maybe it is because of them being religious zealots, that's still changing the characters, just turning them into religious zealots.2. Flaying = the removal of skin from the body. In the Theon scenes, he was having his skin removed from his pinky. And you don't have to leave Winterfell to have heard of the flayings, the fact that their sigil is a flayed man is common knowledge in Westeros, is it not?1. The books they're religious zealots too, that tell some brothers of the faith of the seven that they'll worship their god under the sept's roof because they had just saved their lives. Thoros has to keep a religious war from breaking out by saying "it's okay to miss a prayer, I should know" They also show Gendry crossing his arms refusing to pray with a Septon while he prays over a meal.The only thing that they did change is that in the books some of the BwB try to deny the fact that Beric is dead to Arya, we're given this information when Beric and Thoros tell Arya about him being resurrected.2. Theon is being tortured, that kinda thing will make thinking straight pretty difficult. I'd probably find it difficult to think straight in that situation. He names to closest castle he can think of
1729	BabyMeraxes	2013-05-06	I hope beyond all hope that Melisandre's read of Arya isn't going to supplement the Ghost of High Heart.
1730	mas476	2013-05-06	You guys should definitely stop watching now, at this episode. No more posts about the show either. Thanks!Uh, ok?  I really enjoy the show (obviously), or I wouldn't have been watching for three seasons.  I don't mind the fact that it's different from the books - I really don't.  It's not possible (and wouldn't necessarily work even if it was) to have a line-to-line adaptation.  But how would you feel if they just blurted out who sits on the iron throne at the end in an interview or something?  IMO they owe the book fans (who are probably also the most passionate followers of the show), at least that much courtesy.  I mean, tell us a different story where it makes sense, but don't tell us things even GRRM hasn't told us yet.....Anyway, it was a random line and we all knew Arya would make it back to Westeros before the end so not a huge deal but now that they know the ending, I'm afraid of what else they're going to be tempted to 'foreshadow'.
1731	Demiant	2013-05-06	I was thinking, maybe that X shaped cross is a common torture instrument, in Westeros. Or at least, not solely belonging to the Boltons. Although their banner is quite a giveaway. But again, I suppose I would be everything but able to make logical connections, if tied to a cross and flayed!Yeah but surely all that time he spends alone tied to the cross, his mind would wonder who would do this? And the clues are right there really.They most certainly were religious zealots in the book. They follow a dead man. They drop their banners to worship the Red God. It's funny how people cast their own projections of the characters from the books. Many people interpreted the BwB to be a kind of Robin Hood-esque group of freedom fighters. I always viewed them as a cult.Theon is told he's going to have his pinky be cut off. He doesn't get flayed until the end of the scene. It's not shocking that a guy who's being mentally and physically tortured wouldn't be able to connect the dots.They don't follow Beric because he's a dead man, or because he's associated with Thoros. They follow him because they have the common aim of wanting justice for the smallfolk. Are there any passages in the books to prove that the followers were religious zealots?
1732	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-05-06	I'm kind of excited in actually having no idea what's going to happen with this particular plotline. My guess is Gendry is taken to Dragonstone, is either going to be used as a blood sacrifice or to make another shadow baby. Davos smuggles him out a la Edric Storm, and Gendry rejoins the BwB, now under UnCat (someone in the episode thread pointed that out, that he may be more apt to rejoin if Arya's mother is the leader). Or, he goes back to the Inn since Hot Pie is there, and stays on as the orphans' protector, which isn't a big book deviation. Then he will still be in the right place for the Brienne attack.
1733	Maizel	2013-05-06	Not my favourite scene,  but I don;t mind the deviation too much.  It's kind f fun to have thngs to guess at as a book reader. 
Replacing Edric with Gendry makes sense at this point.  It does make the BwB a bit unsympathetic though.  Shouldn't Thoros at least have an idea of what Mel intends to do with him? He seems like a decent sort,  despite being a red priest,  so yes that was a bit unsypathetic.  Did Mel tell Arya she sees her murdering a bunch of Freys and Lannisters?
And they'll meet again?  That'll be interesting.
1734	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Uh, ok?  I really enjoy the show (obviously), or I wouldn't have been watching for three seasons.  I don't mind the fact that it's different from the books - I really don't.  It's not possible (and wouldn't necessarily work even if it was) to have a line-to-line adaptation.  But how would you feel if they just blurted out who sits on the iron throne at the end in an interview or something?  IMO they owe the book fans (who are probably also the most passionate followers of the show), at least that much courtesy.  I mean, tell us a different story where it makes sense, but don't tell us things even GRRM hasn't told us yet.....Anyway, it was a random line and we all knew Arya would make it back to Westeros before the end so not a huge deal but now that they know the ending, I'm afraid of what else they're going to be tempted to 'foreshadow'.TBH, we will meet again, could just be some friendly parting words.  I know they most likely aren't but it could be.
1735	relish5k	2013-05-06	I liked how they showed that the Brotherhood isn't so pure as they claim, but I'm also not sure that they are all as bad as they were portrayed either. The Thoros/Melisandre interplay is interesting, but would Thoros really so easily bend to her BS?Agreed. Like, couldn't they have just asked him to go with her before resorting to forceful kidnapping? Something like 'Hey Gendry, you're a great guy, definitely BwB material, but first how about helping out our lady friend with some important, erm, business..."
1736	Groney	2013-05-06	I hope beyond all hope that Melisandre's read of Arya isn't going to supplement the Ghost of High Heart.The Ghost of High Heart would have taken too much screen time and wouldn't have fit the show, so I think it was good idea to have Melisandre reveal's Arya's true darkness.And it's not a spoiler to say they will meet again, Melisandre might think that but it doesn't mean its going to happen. In fact its what happens in a DwD.
1737	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	I'm kind of excited in actually having no idea what's going to happen with this particular plotline. My guess is Gendry is taken to Dragonstone, is either going to be used as a blood sacrifice or to make another shadow baby. Davos smuggles him out a la Edric Storm, and Gendry rejoins the BwB, now under UnCat (someone in the episode thread pointed that out, that he may be more apt to rejoin if Arya's mother is the leader). Or, he goes back to the Inn since Hot Pie is there, and stays on as the orphans' protector, which isn't a big book deviation. Then he will still be in the right place for the Brienne attack.This was pretty much my initial read as well with a possible connection to Mel resurrecting Jon down the road.However, I'm just not sure why he would rejoin that group that sold him off. Gendry may end up doing something completely different entirely or just disappearing. I also tend to think we have seen the last of Hot Pie
1738	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Could anyone tell me what Melisandre told Gendry when saying that unlike him, the brotherhood were just footsoldiers. Did she mention the word..."King"? Could it be that Edric will be Stannis' heir and King after his death?She tells Gendry that he will make Kings rise(Stannis) and fall(Robb, Balon, Joffrey)....They don't follow Beric because he's a dead man, or because he's associated with Thoros. They follow him because they have the common aim of wanting justice for the smallfolk. Are there any passages in the books to prove that the followers were religious zealots?Plenty of passages to prove their religious nuts and plenty of passages to show them robbing commonfolk as well(Gendry, Arya, Hot Pie, Brienne, bald Jaime, the Hound) and plenty of passages that show their "trials" are not fair, everyone dies from them. The only two to walk away with their life that we know of are Sandor Clegane and Brienne of Tarth. Brienne doesn't really count because she meets them after unCat is leading the BwBs. Many people fall victim to their claim of being noble fighters for the common folk and it's true that is their intention but the reality is things like Jaime Lannister says:"Know this, Blackfish, Lord Beric and this Lady Stoneheart are traitors to the crown and if I find out any of you are aiding them you will die"I'm kind of excited in actually having no idea what's going to happen with this particular plotline. My guess is Gendry is taken to Dragonstone, is either going to be used as a blood sacrifice or to make another shadow baby. Davos smuggles him out a la Edric Storm, and Gendry rejoins the BwB, now under UnCat (someone in the episode thread pointed that out, that he may be more apt to rejoin if Arya's mother is the leader). Or, he goes back to the Inn since Hot Pie is there, and stays on as the orphans' protector, which isn't a big book deviation. Then he will still be in the right place for the Brienne attack.I don't think that Gendry is going to think too highly of the BwBs now, they just sold him after he thought they were going to be his friends, his brothers, his family. Maybe he'll seek out his "milady" instead. Honestly I could think him joining Stannis or sailing off to the free cities(hopefully to Braavos) is more likely than returning to the BwBs. My hope is he sails for Essos and chooses to go to Braavos, failing that I hope he goes to the Wall and Smiths for them while Stannis is there.I think it's a bad idea to try and figure out what is going to happen a few seasons down the road. There's no guarantee that the show will still be around and the writers are going to leave as many doors open as possible.I do think it's clear that they're not concerned about Brienne and Gendry meeting two or three seasons from now.
1739	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	She tells Gendry that he will make Kings rise(Stannis) and fall(Robb, Balon, Joffrey)....Plenty of passages to prove their religious nuts and plenty of passages to show them robbing commonfolk as well(Gendry, Arya, Hot Pie, Brienne, bald Jaime, the Hound) and plenty of passages that show their "trials" are not fair, everyone dies from them. The only two to walk away with their life that we know of are Sandor Clegane and Brienne of Tarth. Brienne doesn't really count because she meets them after unCat is leading the BwBs.Many people fall victim to their claim of being noble fighters for the common folk and it's true that is their intention but the reality is things like Jaime Lannister says:"Know this, Blackfish, Lord Beric and this Lady Stoneheart are traitors to the crown and if I find out any of you are aiding them you will die"I don't think that Gendry is going to think too highly of the BwBs now, they just sold him after he thought they were going to be his friends, his brothers, his family. Maybe he'll seek out his "milady" instead.Honestly I could think him joining Stannis or sailing off to the free cities(hopefully to Braavos) is more likely than returning to the BwBs.My hope is he sails for Essos and chooses to go to Braavos, failing that I hope he goes to the Wall and Smiths for them while Stannis is there.I think it's a bad idea to try and figure out what is going to happen a few seasons down the road. There's no guarantee that the show will still be around and the writers are going to leave as many doors open as possible.I do think it's clear that they're not concerned about Brienne and Gendry meeting two or three seasons from now.Why we he want to go anywhere near Stannis and the red woman after being sent away from them? Braavos angle is interesting
1740	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-05-06	I don't think that Gendry is going to think too highly of the BwBs now, they just sold him after he thought they were going to be his friends, his brothers, his family. Maybe he'll seek out his "milady" instead.True, that's what bothered me the most about it was that it appears Gendry will be anti-BwB, when in the books he's still a member and seems to believe in them. But rejoining with UnCat as the leader is believable, I guess.I don't know that he would stay on with Stannis if he's going to be a sacrifice.edit - I also find it interesting that Gendry will find out who he is, when in the books he still doesn't know.
					
					
							Edited by MyLittleDirewolf, 06 May 2013 - 10:17 AM.
1741	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Why we he want to go anywhere near Stannis and the red woman after being sent away from them? Braavos angle is interestingWe're making a few assumptions here.First that Melisandre plans to sacrifice Gendry to the flames. Not a bad assumption but it might not be true either and there is no proof that she's going to tell Gendry this is her plan, infact it seems pretty silly to do that.Second we're assuming that Davos has to send Gendry away to save his life. This might not be the case, maybe he pulls his trump card out and tells Stannis and Mel about the threat to the Wall and convinces Stannis he needs Gendry to prove that Joffrey is no true heir to Robert. Thus he travels to the Wall with Stannis and smiths for the watch while Stannis goes south or he goes south with Stannis and has a talk with "Arya"Gendry could even give Jon Snow some feedback about the Red Woman not having a clue about Arya."The Lady Melisandre met your sister and didn't even know who she was. I doubt she can identify Arya in the flames."but still I vote for Gendry being shipped to Braavos /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
1742	Payne In the Neck	2013-05-06	Can anyone remember exactly what she said to Arya regarding eye color? I thought the reference was to Arya destroying light/life from brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes, or something to that effect. I can't remember exactly, but I remember thinking at the time that the green eyes reference might be a clue she returns to kill Cersei.
1743	Rhyella Targaryen	2013-05-06	I think the quote about the different eyes also imply Arya's status as a faceless men.But the thing that annoyed me was Mellisandre saying "Valar Morgulis", that's not her saying. That's the Faceless Men's saying, because they worship death. She does not.Yes, it was the same thing I complained about while watching the episode, and I was a bit impressed no one had notice
1744	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I don't understand why people think Valar Morghulis is a faceless man saying...Missandei used it in the books and it was more like an statement of fact. She said it in the way that "the fact that I may die doesn't frighten me. all men must die." And when Melisandre and Thoros used it, it was obviously meant in the religious sense. The phrase dying to yourself is used in many Christian circles, and a lot of religions view serving as a good thing. So it makes sense that the priests would say that to each other. Reminding each other that they don't live for themselves anymore and that they serve their god. 
Now if you buy into the theory that Missandei is a faceless man, this falls apart /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1745	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	We're making a few assumptions here.First that Melisandre plans to sacrifice Gendry to the flames. Not a bad assumption but it might not be true either and there is no proof that she's going to tell Gendry this is her plan, infact it seems pretty silly to do that.Second we're assuming that Davos has to send Gendry away to save his life. This might not be the case, maybe he pulls his trump card out and tells Stannis and Mel about the threat to the Wall and convinces Stannis he needs Gendry to prove that Joffrey is no true heir to Robert. Thus he travels to the Wall with Stannis and smiths for the watch while Stannis goes south or he goes south with Stannis and has a talk with "Arya"Gendry could even give Jon Snow some feedback about the Red Woman not having a clue about Arya."The Lady Melisandre met your sister and didn't even know who she was. I doubt she can identify Arya in the flames."but still I vote for Gendry being shipped to Braavos /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />Ah that makes sense, thank you. I was also thinking that Mel may want Gendry to have sex with her to birth another shadow baby, but I might be getting confused here. Either way your explanation does clear it up
1746	Dotini	2013-05-06	How did Melisandre know of Gendry and his location?
Melisandre would have known of Gendry from Stannis, as Stannis was in brother Robert's small council, and would have knowledge of his many bastards.  Cersei attempted to extinguish all of Robert's bastards, and sent out searches for both Gendry and Arya. So Gendry has value as a hostage. Remote viewing is a talent possessed by greenseers, among others, so why not Melisandre, too?
Gendry will be returned to Dragonstone with Mel for her sorcerous purposes!
1747	FacelessSnow	2013-05-06	I don't understand why people think Valar Morghulis is a faceless man saying...Missandei used it in the books and it was more like an statement of fact. She said it in the way that "the fact that I may die doesn't frighten me. all men must die." And when Melisandre and Thoros used it, it was obviously meant in the religious sense. The phrase dying to yourself is used in many Christian circles, and a lot of religions view serving as a good thing. So it makes sense that the priests would say that to each other. Reminding each other that they don't live for themselves anymore and that they serve their god.Now if you buy into the theory that Missandei is a faceless man, this falls apart /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Missandei uses it as a matter of fact statement, sort of like someone quoting a common saying for its actual definition and implication, which is how its used in Essos OUTSIDE of FM.  Thoros and Mel used the back and forth as a greeting, which is how only the FM use it in the books.  So much so that that is the reason the man on the boat gives Arya a ride bc when she greeted him that way he assumed she was an agent with the FM.  It corrupts the mythology behind the wordsEdit: well that and the coin obviously.
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 06 May 2013 - 11:19 AM.
1748	Demiant	2013-05-06	She tells Gendry that he will make Kings rise(Stannis) and fall(Robb, Balon, Joffrey)....Plenty of passages to prove their religious nuts and plenty of passages to show them robbing commonfolk as well(Gendry, Arya, Hot Pie, Brienne, bald Jaime, the Hound) and plenty of passages that show their "trials" are not fair, everyone dies from them. The only two to walk away with their life that we know of are Sandor Clegane and Brienne of Tarth. Brienne doesn't really count because she meets them after unCat is leading the BwBs.Many people fall victim to their claim of being noble fighters for the common folk and it's true that is their intention but the reality is things like Jaime Lannister says:"Know this, Blackfish, Lord Beric and this Lady Stoneheart are traitors to the crown and if I find out any of you are aiding them you will die"Yes there are passages of them robbing smallfolk. I never contested that really, they're not fairy-tale knights in shining armour. But off the top of my head I can't remember book passages making them out to be religious zealots.
1749	Lord Varys	2013-05-06	It does not seem to me that Mel is told who Arya is. She just seems to get a vibe that she is going to see this girl again. And that could happen if either Mel goes to Braavos in the books (with Justin Massey, Queen Regent Selyse Baratheon, and Queen Regnant Shireen Baratheon at the beginning of TWoW), or if the Faceless Men are going to charge Arya with murdering some of Stannis' enemies. If there is a connection between the Faceless Men and the Iron Bank this may be the twist to have Arya return into the action in Westeros.
1750	BluePG	2013-05-06	Gendry could even give Jon Snow some feedback about the Red Woman not having a clue about Arya."The Lady Melisandre met your sister and didn't even know who she was. I doubt she can identify Arya in the flames."Well now I really want this. Jon and Gendry interacting would be fantastic. And Gendry would be a perfect tool to let TV viewers know not to trust Mel and her visions 100%.Also, I think the "We'll meet again" line is purely to give TV viewers hope for when Arya is in Braavos. Because she is there for a while and with this line the viewers know that she will be back.As book readers, we hope and suspect she'll be back, but we know how GRRM works. We know nothing is certain.
1751	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	Im gonna guess that Gendry gets taken back to Dragonstone but they dont tell him who he is. Mel wants to burn him but Stannis is hesitant, so they settle for the leaches for now. Davos sets up Gendry's escape back to the riverlands and he ends up as the blacksmith at the inn and meets Brienne like in the book. He will also join up with Anguy and UnCats half of the BwB after Thoros leaves, since Anguy had no part in selling him.
Crackpot - Mels "Well meet again" line means Arya comes back from Braavos to the Wall with Justin Massey in TWoW.
1752	Stargareyen	2013-05-06	Since Mel told Stannis his "fires were burning low", does it mean Mel wants to burn Gendry's fires in her stove? /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1753	Zorpack	2013-05-06	I must say that I absolutely disliked M's character from the get but in this ep. her acting was mesmerizing. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I also agree with the Scabbard of the Morning. I think Mellisandre was referring to Arya's future with the Faceless men. Especially in the many "eyes closing" forever. (i.e. could be different reasons maybe the Faces she takes on, once she is finished and changes Face the eyes or closed forever or the "blinding" practice the Man teaches her in her Faceless man training)
1754	relish5k	2013-05-06	In regards to the "Brown Eyes, Blue Eyes, Green Eyes" did anyone else interpret this as a reference to Arya's warging? Her eyes are brown, Nymeria's may be blue-ish, and the "green eye" referring to her warging ability (a power that in Bran is connected to being a Greenseer).
1755	TalalOfDorne	2013-05-06	It looks to me like the show wants to give Gendry his own story line  and give him more importance.
1756	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Ah that makes sense, thank you. I was also thinking that Mel may want Gendry to have sex with her to birth another shadow baby, but I might be getting confused here. Either way your explanation does clear it upWell that is also another possibility since she does tell him "you will make kings rise and fall"I just didn't bother to go into it, see also similarly the "leeches" theory. I might even make a claim she might come up with a totally new spell that we book readers haven't seen.Yes there are passages of them robbing smallfolk. I never contested that really, they're not fairy-tale knights in shining armour. But off the top of my head I can't remember book passages making them out to be religious zealots.When they save the men who follow the faith of the seven and refuse to follow their rules under their roof? When Gendry refuses to pray to the seven? When they follow unCat who is clearly dead and been resurrected by the Lord of Light?  Beric refusing to kill the Hound even after he comes back because the Lord of Light has plans for him?There's a few passages that show that the people that follow Thoros, Beric and unCat are religious zealots, most people in the world of ice and fire are this way though, it's nothing personal with the BwBs. Most people they have strong faith, some faith or no faith other than mocking the gods.The books make it pretty clear that Thoros isn't a religious zealot but his magic creates zealous followers in the Brotherhood, same with Melisandre and Queen's men. Thoros isn't trying to create zealots but the people naturally align themselves that way because they see it as proof that the fire god exists, when in this fantasy reality all it really proves is blood and fire sorcery works and is tied to dragons.
1757	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	Am I the only one who interpreted Mel<U+0080><U+0099>s response to finding out that Thoros could raise people from the dead as being incredulous?  She knows this power exists but she gave me the impression that, more importantly, she cannot do it herself. That was just my initial reaction anyway.<U+0080><U+009C>How is it you have this power?<U+0080><U+009D>  I<U+0080><U+0099>ve always been under the impression from the books that a red priest could shadow bind or had resurrection magic, but never both.  I feel like resurrection magic is rarer for whatever reason. Also, I really don<U+0080><U+0099>t understand all the confusion of how Mel found Gendry.  She saw him in her flames.  We know there absolutely is something to her visions, even if they are at times misinterpreted. If we know a man can be resurrected six different times, why is it so difficult to believe that Mel could find someone with Stanis's blood in her flames?As for Arya ...I really enjoyed Arya's interaction with Mel.  This was largely due to the fact that Mel seemed scared of her.  We have yet to see Mel scared of anyone.  Her comments about "eyes you will shut forever" are definitely referencing Arya's time with TFM.  The "We will meet again" line is what I have replaying in my head over and over.  I want to know what it means!It could always just be a red herring.But maybe not?  I'm open to possibilities.I will also say that the one thing that did upset me about this scene was that the BwB were so quick to give up Gendry but I think a lot of posters here made some very valid points about the BwB.  I think I had blinders on when it came to them, seeing them as being more righteous than they were.I don't think the Brotherhood is "good" so much as it is realistic and for the common man.  As people have mentioned, they were fully prepared to rob Arya of her horses and selling her out to her family is still selling her out.  Just because her destination is safer doesn't mean the end justifies the means.
1758	Nymeria's pup	2013-05-06	This was an interesting scene, but I am not sure how I feel about it yet. I think I need to watch it again. I hope that it is foreshadowing a plot point from WoW, that M and Arya will indeed meet again. I do hate thought that this likely means there will not be a Ghost of Highheart, but seeing as how they have stripped most of the prophesy stuff out of the show I cannot say I am surprised. I hope this also points to Gendry having more of a part to the story in the future. I really do like him, but I only want him to be important if GRRM deems him important, not because the show wants him to be important.
I understand this is an adaptation, but they still need to follow the main arc of the books. D&D take every opportunity to remind us that they are the ultimate book fans, so the show should reflect that. Even thought there has been more "original' content this season, I am ok with most of it because it fits with the spirit of the books. I cannot say yet that this scene with M, Arya, and Gendry fits because it is too far off from the story we know at this point. I suppose time will tell.
1759	Nymeria's pup	2013-05-06	Am I the only one who interpreted Mel<U+0080><U+0099>s response to finding out that Thoros could raise people from the dead as being incredulous?  She knows this power exists but she gave me the impression that, more importantly, she cannot do it herself. That was just my initial reaction anyway.My initial reaction to that was that she is shocked that R'hollr would allow such a faithless red priest like Throros to have that power. Then I did wonder if she is also astonished because she herself does not have this power. Again though it is not so much that the priests or priestess has the power of resurrection, it is that the god uses them as an instrument of resurrection. Perhaps the show writers want Mel to see it because she may be the instrument of resurrection somewhere down the road *cough Jon Snow cough*. One can only hope...I too loved what she had to say about Arya.
1760	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	Mel may not know if she has the power; she likely hasn't had to try it yet.
1761	Mendoza	2013-05-06	Of course, shouldn't Mel be added to Arya's hit list and the BoBs for turning over Gendry for that matter?
1762	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	My initial reaction to that was that she is shocked that R'hollr would allow such a faithless red priest like Throros to have that power. Then I did wonder if she is also astonished because she herself does not have this power. Again though it is not so much that the priests or priestess has the power of resurrection, it is that the god uses them as an instrument of resurrection. Perhaps the show writers want Mel to see it because she may be the instrument of resurrection somewhere down the road *cough Jon Snow cough*. One can only hope...I too loved what she had to say about Arya.I for sure got that impression about Mel's interaction with Thoros as well.  I got both impressions though.  Mel does not have knowledge or simply has not demonstrated that she has the power to resurect, but she's incredulous that R'hllor has acted through Thoros.I think it's definitely setting things up later down the line with Jon Snow though.  No doubt about it.
1763	mafalda	2013-05-06	They spoiled, they cut the Storm's End part, and Gendry was supposed to be with the BwB, I was really upset with this scene.this and the Tyrells stuff, that Loras is the heir, and that's a lie, as Loras in the book is a third son, and he joined the KGWhile I liked the mel/thoros/beric part I HATED mel and arya. Hated it.Did anyone notice that Selyse named one of her stillborns "Edric"?...And the Tyrell stuff is ridiculous. Even the book readers never got a glimpse or even more than a mere mention of Wilas, so it would have worked out for the show. People say that the viewers wouldnt know him, hell the readers still don't know him!
1764	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	Could Melisandre be who the Faceless men will send Arya  to kill? This was my first thought when I saw it.
1765	Bearsblood8	2013-05-06	I don't believe anyone has brought up the fact that we now know the red priests have a central authority that charges various priests with missions.  I wasn't aware that Thoros had a mission until Mel revealed that he had failed.  What do you think Mel's mission from the High priest is?  What end game do these missions point to for the red religion?
1766	Faint	2013-05-06	Actually, having just watched the episode again, what surprises Melisandre is not that Beric has been resurrected but that he has been resurrected six times. The fact that she took to the concept of resurrection so casually is quite intriguing. 
As for Arya and Melisandre, if they ever meet again (or for the first time, if we are referring to the books), I think Braavos is more likely as the location.
1767	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Most evangelist religions have a central mission, which is evangelism itself. Thoros went on a missions trip and Melisandre was sent to investigate AAR. It's not any "end game" beyond any other religion's end game, some kind of salvation or rescue.
1768	Im no Ser	2013-05-06	I don't believe anyone has brought up the fact that we now know the red priests have a central authority that charges various priests with missions.  I wasn't aware that Thoros had a mission until Mel revealed that he had failed.  What do you think Mel's mission from the High priest is?  What end game do these missions point to for the red religion?We were told in the books that Thoros was sent by the high priest because they figured that a pyromaniac like Aerys was a good target for conversion to a fire god. We also know (in the books) that the High Priest of the Red God is preaching that Dany is AA, and has sent a Red Priest (Moquorro) to her.That suggests that Mel is either acting on her own or that the High Priest is considering multiple AA candidates to play it safe.
1769	Lord of the Tides	2013-05-06	I don't believe anyone has brought up the fact that we now know the red priests have a central authority that charges various priests with missions.  I wasn't aware that Thoros had a mission until Mel revealed that he had failed.  What do you think Mel's mission from the High priest is?  What end game do these missions point to for the red religion?Good point! There are theories floating about that Mel is not a true missionary of the High Priest and had her own agenda. Mostly they rely on the fact that she uses shadowbinding techniques from Asshai, possibly conflicting with Red Gods teaching or at least not only his teachings, which is already enough to presume she was somewhat of a renegade.Her little pep talk with Thoros seems to disprove that, since she is kind of lecturing him for failing to adhere to his missions, which she would have no reason to do, if she wasnt sent by the High Priest herself. Now this is only a counter-argument if one believes that the show writers do indeed have detailed knowledge of the story going forward from GRRM, not just the basic: "hell claim the throne stuff".Basically, Mel is not some evil Fire-Wight in disguise, she is probably who she says she is - the emissary of the High Priest , which was disputed a lot in these forums.
1770	Lord of the Tides	2013-05-06	How did Melisandre know of Gendry and his location?Melisandre would have known of Gendry from Stannis, as Stannis was in brother Robert's small council, and would have knowledge of his many bastards.  Cersei attempted to extinguish all of Robert's bastards, and sent out searches for both Gendry and Arya. So Gendry has value as a hostage. Remote viewing is a talent possessed by greenseers, among others, so why not Melisandre, too?Gendry will be returned to Dragonstone with Mel for her sorcerous purposes!True and didnt Stannis work closely together with Jon Arryn on locating all of Roberts bastards and we know Jon visited Gendry at KL while in his service to the smith there. The issue is not so much how she found out about Gendry, but how did she know where hed be at that moment in time. Has she seen a big map of westeros in high resolution with a massive X marking the spot in the flames?
1771	Faint	2013-05-06	Really hard to compare the show and the book on the question of Melisandre's mission because we have little clue about the hierarchy of the religion or how the red priests of Asshai compare to those elsewhere.
1772	Bearsblood8	2013-05-06	Most evangelist religions have a central mission, which is evangelism itself. Thoros went on a missions trip and Melisandre was sent to investigate AAR. It's not any "end game" beyond any other religion's end game, some kind of salvation or rescue.I'm not sure I agree with this simplistic approach.  On the whole, you may be correct, but I think there must be "checkpoints/ short term goals" on the way to the stand evangelist "world domination / total conversion".  It'd be interesting to attempt to identify what those goals might be, given our new knowledge from the show.I think Im no ser has started us on our way.
1773	Dubbs	2013-05-06	Sorry if this has been brought up somewhere, but does this mean that Gendry may learn who's son he really is? As he's taking on the role of Edric Storm, I assume they're going to do a little leeching of king's blood from him. However, I don't remember a point where he actually learns he has king's blood in his veins (except the point where Brienne almost tells him)...
1774	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	To what Melisandre said to Arya (correct me if I am wrong) "I see a darkness in you and in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes...eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again."  Does this mean that as a Faceless Man she will kill 3 people of note?  Notice that she did not say a pair of eyes that changed colour, nor does she say 3 sets of eyes.
1775	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I hated it! It makes me really sad that they changed the way we view the Brotherhood....they are supposed to be good'Suppposed' to be? Who is 'good' in this story. I quite liked that the incident was a shock to viewers. No one is 100% good. "If you think this story has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention".
1776	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	In light of this scene it's kind of sad now, thinking of Thoros watching his friend die over and over again and knowing he will have to watch it again.
1777	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	Mel may not know if she has the power; she likely hasn't had to try it yet.I personally believe that she is quite aware of this power - and it's rarity. But I buy into the whole UnMel theory.
1778	Associate Maester	2013-05-06	We were told in the books that Thoros was sent by the high priest because they figured that a pyromaniac like Aerys was a good target for conversion to a fire god. We also know (in the books) that the High Priest of the Red God is preaching that Dany is AA, and has sent a Red Priest (Moquorro) to her.That suggests that Mel is either acting on her own or that the High Priest is considering multiple AA candidates to play it safe.We can't conjecture really.  We do not know nearly enough about the organization of the Red Faith.  We especially know nothing about the Red Lot out of Asshai where Mel traveled from.
1779	Zman1863	2013-05-06	'Suppposed' to be? Who is 'good' in this story. I quite liked that the incident was a shock to viewers. No one is 100% good. "If you think this story has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention".Yeah I actually think they did a decent job of conveying that the Brotherhood is flawed like every other group or faction that we see in the series. This comes through in the books as well. It doesn't show up as strongly as it does in this episode until Beric has died and Stoneheart's rise has fractured the group, but Arya sees plenty early on that makes the reader see that they fail to live up to their noble goals.Just the fact that Arya witnesses a trial by combat of a man she knows to be guilty is enough to make one skeptical about the brotherhood. Admittedly, adhering to a trial by combat is settled law in Westeros, but we know that the practice is complete BS and its significant that Arya learns this lesson while staying with this supposedly pure group.
1780	Masamune	2013-05-06	Did Melisandre borrow LF's tardis?
1781	Warrior Queen	2013-05-06	Honestly, I thought it was Awesome!I rewinded the scene to watch it again.Loved that Melissandre and Thoros spoke High Valyrian to each other!I somehow think she is going to ask Gendry to make her another son...instead of a sacrifice.They totally made a point out of it that Gendry thought she was hot.Something really intrigued me: Mel's conversation with Arya. Mainly the "We will meet again"I feel there are implications on this line regarding the unreleased book 6 and Arya's future.I was wondering the same thing...
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 06 May 2013 - 04:12 PM.
1782	Envie	2013-05-06	I don't believe they'll kill Gendry for the king's blood. Based on what bit I could see in the preview for next week, it seems to me he's going to be revealed as a 'bastard son' of Robert and therefore capable of making more 'shadow babies' the same as Stannis. He's obviously having a hard time understanding or wanting to cooperate with something that bizarre since he's assumed his whole life he's just a nothing byproduct. I foresee Melisandre seducing him the same as she did Stannis.
1783	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	I think this is maybe one of the most Important scenes. I loved it.
I felt a lump in my throat when Thoros was talking about his loss of faith and wanting his friend to live!
I loved it!
1784	jeffklm	2013-05-06	Slightly off-topic
I'm confused about the Red God and the Lord of Light. It seems evident in the show that the Red God = the Lord of Light. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't recall R'hllor ever being called the Red God in the books.
Jaqen H'ghar supposedly serves the Red God. Yet we know that FM and The House of Black and White serve the Many-Faced God/ the God of Death/the Great Other. How can the Lord of Light be the same as the Great Other if they are enemies? Or is my assumption of Many-Faced God = Great Other wrong?
1785	Death by Cupcakes	2013-05-06	To what Melisandre said to Arya (correct me if I am wrong) "I see a darkness in you and in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes...eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again."  Does this mean that as a Faceless Man she will kill 3 people of note?  Notice that she did not say a pair of eyes that changed colour, nor does she say 3 sets of eyes.I doubt that means a fixed number.Just that she will kill and kill often and easily.Slightly off-topicI'm confused about the Red God and the Lord of Light. It seems evident in the show that the Red God = the Lord of Light. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't recall R'hllor ever being called the Red God in the books.Jaqen H'ghar supposedly serves the Red God. Yet we know that FM and The House of Black and White serve the Many-Faced God/ the God of Death/the Great Other. How can the Lord of Light be the same as the Great Other if they are enemies? Or is my assumption of Many-Faced God = Great Other wrong?I always understood Jaqen H'ghars Red God as a Blood God, who is the same as the Many-Faced God of The House of Black and White in Braavos.This is not, however, the Great Other, who I understood as an entity of utter chaos and pure destruction (which the Many-Faced God is not, imo).It is possible the Great Other exists only in the Red Priests religion as opponent for their God of Light.
					
					
							Edited by Death by Cupcakes, 06 May 2013 - 04:31 PM.
1786	jugdesh258	2013-05-06	Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes...eyes you'll shut forever.
Hardly seems worthy of any foreshadowing discussion in the manner that many good members here have linked prophecy and passages in the books.
Too trivial.   Who cares what color eyes Poliver has or the Guard at Haranhall.  Not sure why we need to assume it is major character.
That seems the risk when they drift so far..... Unlike the novels it does not seem they have future seasons worked out to cash in on this so I am going to put in reject bin right away
1787	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-05-06	Wow. I loved these scenes. 
Reading over this discussion, I'm wondering if Melisandre may meet Arya in Braavos, perhaps as a stand-in for the Kindly Man (it seems unlikely given her religion's focus on Light and Life, as opposed to the heavy focus on the Gift of Death) or as an enemy to Arya, for that exact reason- their opposing positions.
Cool as some face-offs between the two could be, I doubt it will occur, simply because Melisandre seems so important to what's happening at the Wall in "Dance with Dragons" (I'm only on Davos II in that book, so I'm not certain if this is true.)
1788	The Night's Prince	2013-05-06	I took the eye scene to mean Arya will kill 3 people with green, blue, and brown eyes. I assume green is Cersei? But the other two I'm not so sure about.
1789	MMOWarrior	2013-05-06	Just throwing out a thought..  for some reason the eyes you'll shut forever makes me think of Aryas blindness..
1790	Lady Phedre	2013-05-06	I think the quote about the different eyes also imply Arya's status as a faceless men.But the thing that annoyed me was Mellisandre saying "Valar Morgulis", that's not her saying. That's the Faceless Men's saying, because they worship death. She does not.That's what I took from it too - the eyes/many identities/Faceless Man.This might be totally off but I kind of felt like Melisandre and Thoros saying "Valar Morghulis" and "Valar Dohaeris" to each other as kind of like when Freemasons meet each other - they have certain sayings to recognize each other...maybe just speaking in High Valyrian is something that the followers of R'hllor do and they greet each other in this way and speak High Valyrian to each other as a matter of practice/custom. But of course Melisandre and Thoros already know exactly who the other is and don't need to "recognize" each other in this way, and all the priests/priestesses of R'hllor wear red. Maybe it was just an excuse for us to get to hear more of the badass High Valyrian since this episode was so sorely lacking in any Dany scenes...
1791	God_made_me_do_it	2013-05-06	This is most definitely the biggest real departure from the books I think I've seen yet - although it's quite cool they did it and it certainly raises questions for those who've read the books. What I'm wondering though, is whether this is something of a feint - whether Melisandre merely gives some exposition on needing King's blood for a ritual of some form, but the BwB actually have a change of heart and rescue him in the next episode. After all, Edric gets freed anyway, so it would allow the bits involving Edric to be revealed, and also giving us some nice background info on Thoros and the priests of Rh'llor.
1792	The Night's Prince	2013-05-06	That's what I took from it too - the eyes/many identities/Faceless Man.This might be totally off but I kind of felt like Melisandre and Thoros saying "Valar Morghulis" and "Valar Dohaeris" to each other as kind of like when Freemasons meet each other - they have certain sayings to recognize each other...maybe just speaking in High Valyrian is something that the followers of R'hllor do and they greet each other in this way and speak High Valyrian to each other as a matter of practice/custom. But of course Melisandre and Thoros already know exactly who the other is and don't need to "recognize" each other in this way, and all the priests/priestesses of R'hllor wear red. Maybe it was just an excuse for us to get to hear more of the badass High Valyrian since this episode was so sorely lacking in any Dany scenes...How do you get that at all? She said, "eyes you'll shut forever." It had nothing to do with being a FM. That spoke of her killing people. You don't have to be a FM to kill people. When Jaquen gave her the coin was referencing her status as a FM man. You don't need another reference when you already have one.
1793	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I think they made it Gendry so that Stannis's struggle resonates with casual viewers more strongly. That line from the trailer will probably be next episode, where he talks about duty.So what could happen is Stannis is told that it's his nephew and he balks at Melisandre and is like THAT'S what you meant? So he is conflicted. Believes he owes Gendry some kind of explanation, and we have him telling Gendry that great or small, we must do our duty. So Gendry thinks he's just explaining why the Lord of Light chose him to be offered, but the audience gets the double meaning where he's also telling that to himself. Something like that anyway
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 06 May 2013 - 05:49 PM.
1794	Druze	2013-05-06	Even in ADWD I got the feeling that if Arya returns to Westeros it will be to Jon and the wall.  With the night's watch people coming in through Bravos and the information that seems to reach Arya the Wall makes sense to me. I'm sure if information reaches Arya that Jon Snow is dead and was murdered by his own men she's quickly booking passage to Eastwatch and taking her newly acquired gift with her, even if Jon is resurrected maybe that news reaches Bravos after Arya is already enroute.
1795	pandagod	2013-05-06	Really interesting seeing Melisandre and Arya, dont know if GRRM has a plan in the future or not for those two... Could someone post what she said to Arya ?
1796	go joff go	2013-05-06	Did anyone think for a second Arya was going to actually attack Mel.  And wouldn't have that been awesome.
Also these IMO were the best Mel scenes we have had in the show so far, even if they were made up.  She was really how I pictured her in the book in that it felt like she was geninely more important then everyone else and carried herself that way.  I could see this Mel intimidating people.
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 06 May 2013 - 06:59 PM.
1797	ugashep	2013-05-06	If this was Star Wars, Arya would be drifting very close to the dark side of the force, much anger Yoda would sense in her, I think that's basically what Mel said, and the Ghost of High Heart said in the books.
1798	shiola	2013-05-06	Really interesting seeing Melisandre and Arya, dont know if GRRM has a plan in the future or not for those two... Could someone post what she said to Arya ?Arya: You're a witch. You're going to hurt him.Melisandre: I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again.
1799	shiola	2013-05-06	I think that the BwB turning over Gendry actually made sense for them.  They do what they have to do for the greater good.  It's rarely pretty, but in the end it will save more lives (they believe).
1800	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	Did anyone think for a second Arya was going to actually attack Mel.  And wouldn't have that been awesome.A couple of people have mentioned this.I think part of the whole point of Arya's arc this season is to show her that she's not nearly as good as she thinks she is, first with Thoros unarming her with one swipe in episode 3 and then in this last episode regarding her archery skills.Which makes sense as we know she has much training she has yet to undergo.Attacking Mel would not have been a smart idea. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1801	chewietobbacca	2013-05-06	Talk about throwing a curveball to the book readers... it's making me extremely anxious for book 6!
The resurrection part was great though, because if this really is knowledge they've gleamed from GRRM, there's no doubt in my mind that Melisandre uses it w/ Jon
1802	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Am I the only one who interpreted Mel<U+0080><U+0099>s response to finding out that Thoros could raise people from the dead as being incredulous?  She knows this power exists but she gave me the impression that, more importantly, she cannot do it herself. That was just my initial reaction anyway.I think it ties in with her not realizing yet that magical powers are returning to the world. She would have no way to know that she cannot do it, she hasn't tried. Thoros didn't know until he tried it on Beric. She knows Thoros was a horrible priest that didn't have any special skills when they were in the Red Priest Training Academy together.<U+0080><U+009C>How is it you have this power?<U+0080><U+009D>  I<U+0080><U+0099>ve always been under the impression from the books that a red priest could shadow bind or had resurrection magic, but never both.  I feel like resurrection magic is rarer for whatever reason.Melisandre is the only red priest(ess) that uses Shadowbinding magic. She learned some magic before going to Asshai but there apparently she wanted more power.As for Arya ...I really enjoyed Arya's interaction with Mel.  This was largely due to the fact that Mel seemed scared of her.  We have yet to see Mel scared of anyone.  Her comments about "eyes you will shut forever" are definitely referencing Arya's time with TFM. But maybe not?  I'm open to possibilities.I think you can take those comments about as far as you can take the Ghost of High Heart saying "I see you wolf child, blood child, begone dark heart"and the GoHH was absolutely afraid of Arya to the point of her shaking with fear.I don't think the Brotherhood is "good" so much as it is realistic and for the common man.  As people have mentioned, they were fully prepared to rob Arya of her horses and selling her out to her family is still selling her out.  Just because her destination is safer doesn't mean the end justifies the means.It's not just the way that the BwB precieve themselves but how others like the Lannisters view them as enemies, traitors and rebells to the crown. They're killing common people trying to find them and BwB is not strong enough to lead a true revolution against any major playing house... yet.Sorry if this has been brought up somewhere, but does this mean that Gendry may learn who's son he really is? As he's taking on the role of Edric Storm, I assume they're going to do a little leeching of king's blood from him. However, I don't remember a point where he actually learns he has king's blood in his veins (except the point where Brienne almost tells him)...A synopsis for one of the upcoming episodes says:
	Spoiler  Mel tells Gendry a secret, seems pretty obvious that secret is who his father was.
1803	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-06	"We will meet again"
They will meet again this season or did we just get a massive spoiler for the last 2 books.
1804	go joff go	2013-05-06	A couple of people have mentioned this.I think part of the whole point of Arya's arc this season is to show her that she's not nearly as good as she thinks she is, first with Thoros unarming her with one swipe in episode 3 and then in this last episode regarding her archery skills.Which makes sense as we know she has much training she has yet to undergo.Attacking Mel would not have been a smart idea. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Yeah I think the showrunners have deliberately and rightfully thrown a big bucket of water in the readers face regarding how ridiculous it would have been for Arya to be a badass fighter at this point,  That the only way she could kill people like the stableboy wouldn't have been all that cool.
1805	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	We will meet again is probably a reference to fake!Arya and her misreading the flames. Probably sees someone in the flames talking about Arya Stark instead of seeing Arya Stark.
"You should not have this power" was her thinking she's so much better than him and he has been a poor servant. It will lead to increased zealousness in Melisandre, when she presses Stannis by saying that she has seen what R'hllor will do through those who do his will (my previous comment on Stannis talking about duty)
I don't think she will tell Gendry about Robert.
1806	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	I think it ties in with her not realizing yet that magical powers are returning to the world. She would have no way to know that she cannot do it, she hasn't tried. Thoros didn't know until he tried it on Beric. She knows Thoros was a horrible priest that didn't have any special skills when they were in the Red Priest Training Academy together.That was pretty much the point I was trying to make.  I agree with you wholeheartedly.I did not know that Mel was the only Red Priestess that performed shadowbinding.  Is this alluded to specifically in the books?
1807	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-05-06	That was pretty much the point I was trying to make.  I agree with you wholeheartedly.I did not know that Mel was the only Red Priestess that performed shadowbinding.  Is this alluded to specifically in the books?I might be remembering wrong, but I thought Daenerys referred to/thought of Quaithe as "The Shadowbinder."
1808	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	That was pretty much the point I was trying to make.  I agree with you wholeheartedly.I did not know that Mel was the only Red Priestess that performed shadowbinding.  Is this alluded to specifically in the books?The only red priest that we see doing it in the books is Mel. In her single POV chapter she makes a comment about making difficult magic look easy and not going into detail about how difficult it is to nonbelievers. She's thinking this as she is undoing the glamour with Mance.  She claims to have learned this lesson about making magic look easy to people that don't understand it way before she ever made it to Asshai.so that's all I have to go on. That and there's no other red priest(ess) that we've seen do shadowbinding magic.
1809	pandagod	2013-05-06	Arya: You're a witch. You're going to hurt him.Melisandre: I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again.Thank you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1810	Leto Atreides	2013-05-06	I didn't like it one bit. Melisandre being there in the first place and then changing the fate of a character that we don't even know what GRRM had in mind for.
1811	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	The more I think about it, the more I think that we are jumping to conclusions. For all we know, they had her say that so that she can be wrong when Ramsay marries fake!Arya, in order to lure us into a false sense of security for the Jon attack. So we can say to ourselves "yeahhh right Melisandre, remember when you thought that was Arya in your precious flames?" 
I don't know, I don't think it was the huge spoiler people are assuming it to be. Things can go a number of ways and I think we alllll need to take a step back, calm down, and think.
1812	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I didn't like it one bit. Melisandre being there in the first place and then changing the fate of a character that we don't even know what GRRM had in mind for.You are aware these guys know what's going to happen to the characters? Gendry has plenty of time to get wherever he needs to be by the time he becomes relevant again.
1813	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-06	You are aware these guys know what's going to happen to the characters? Gendry has plenty of time to get wherever he needs to be by the time he becomes relevant again.So where exactly was this stated? That the writers "KNOW" what is going to happen in the future?I mean are we seriously buying that? Most of the time the authors themselves have no idea how they're gonna end a story and yet we're supposed to believe that GRRM has everything planned out and that the show is the true reflection of what's going to be occurring in the next 2 books?I said it before and I'll say it again...this episode was pure feces and an absolute disgrace. My only saving grace is that I'm not paying money to watch this crap.
1814	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	So where exactly was this stated? That the writers "KNOW" what is going to happen in the future?I mean are we seriously buying that? Most of the time the authors themselves have no idea how they're gonna end a story and yet we're supposed to believe that GRRM has everything planned out and that the show is the true reflection of what's going to be occurring in the next 2 books?I said it before and I'll say it again...this episode was pure feces and an absolute disgrace. My only saving grace is that I'm not paying money to watch this crap.Because several times in interviews they've said that they meet with George and discuss ultimate character arcs. They know how the story ends which is why they don't field questions about such things, and they need to know in case George is unable to finish writing for whatever reason so they will continue the series. They ask questions about whether characters will need to be in certain places and we already know that they planned to kill off a character that ultimately was important and thus kept them alive.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 09:29 PM.
1815	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-06	Because several times in interviews they've said that they meet with George and discuss ultimate character arcs. They know how the story ends which is why they don't field questions about such things, and they need to know in case George is unable to finish writing for whatever reason so they will continue the series. They ask questions about whether characters will need to be in certain places and we already know that they planned to kill off a character that ultimately was important and thus kept them alive.Just because they said it in interviews doesnt mean its true or that things won't change.  Frankly I think its a load of horsesh*t and will continue to follow the books.  If the show hadn't gone of the rails 3 episodes into season 2 I'd love it but its clear that this is all a joke to the writers.At this point I just want to see The Red Wedding and then cancel the entire series. Its just beyond stupid at this point....
1816	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Yep it's a huge joke. These men are sociopaths who aren't interested in artistic integrity or achievement and just want to bring pain to book readers by doing as bad of a job as possible. That's a reasonable reaction.
Why do you torment yourself by watching something you detest? It's not like you run this site and need to keep up on it.
1817	Faint	2013-05-06	Because several times in interviews they've said that they meet with George and discuss ultimate character arcs. They know how the story ends which is why they don't field questions about such things, and they need to know in case George is unable to finish writing for whatever reason so they will continue the series. They ask questions about whether characters will need to be in certain places and we already know that they planned to kill off a character that ultimately was important and thus kept them alive.Should I point out that the author himself has stated as much?The vehemence is pretty strong right now but I imagine it will only get worse when the show eventually passes the books, which, given the author's current pace, is bound to happen. I think readers should start dealing with the reality that we will know the ending of the series before we read about it.
1818	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-06	How do you know it's a "torment"? If anythings its highly annoying but most of all its sad. Such a wonderful world and such a vibrant cast with people who had original personalities has been utterly destroyed and warped by these hacks.
As I said before I'm not unreasonable. I understand its television. But since 3-4 episodes into Season 2 its become more and more apparent that the writers are either retarded/stupid or they just don't give a sh*t about telling the true story (or as close to the true story as possible).
To me that's unforgivable and so I'll continue to call them out on it. It doesn't hurt me and it's not like it's taking 20 hours of my day to do so....
Can't wait to see how they eff up Mereen in A Dance with Dragons! Next thing you know it will be Ser Barristan who flies away on a dragon...probably Viserion!
1819	Red Woman	2013-05-06	I found this scene fascinating because I do think D&D are dropping BIG hints about the ending of the series. They know where this is all going and those were not just throwaway lines. I know it's been mentioned elsewhere in the thread, buttThe line that really stuck out to me in Mel's scene with Arya was the "green eyes" bit. Who do we know who has green eyes other than the Lannisters, and who does Arya really want to kill? I thought it could definitely be foreshadowing that Arya will end up killing a Lannister. Cersei's the one on Arya's hit list, but I'm not sure if Arya will be the valonqar after all. Still, very interesting to think about where they might be going with this. I don't think it's a red herring, it sounded to me like a clue for book readers.Also, does anyone else think Melisandre's reaction to Beric had more to do with the fact that he'd been brought back six times, and that she didn't know that was possible before meeting him? She seems to know already that the Lord of Light has the power to resurrect. I definitely subscribe to the theory that Mel has received the kiss before and is herself undead. In fact, that very first scene where Beric and Mel meet and are just sort of looking at each other -- to me, that looked like two undead people sizing each other up.
					
					
							Edited by Red Woman, 06 May 2013 - 11:17 PM.
1820	Red Woman	2013-05-06	Double post, sorry!
					
					
							Edited by Red Woman, 06 May 2013 - 11:18 PM.
1821	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	I interpreted the scene to say that those are the people that Arya will become, not kill. Those are her disguises as a FM. She will see through those eyes and then shut them when shes done. 
They'll meet again because they represent the different beliefs. FM bring the gift of death. The followers of the Red God cheat death through resurrection. "The darkness" isn't necessarily a bad thing in this world. The darkness is pure while the light is sorcery.
1822	Red Woman	2013-05-06	Actually, having just watched the episode again, what surprises Melisandre is not that Beric has been resurrected but that he has been resurrected six times. The fact that she took to the concept of resurrection so casually is quite intriguing.As for Arya and Melisandre, if they ever meet again (or for the first time, if we are referring to the books), I think Braavos is more likely as the location.I think this lends credence to the theory that Melisandre is undead and has herself been resurrected by the kiss of fire before. She doesn't seem surprised that it's possible because she's had it happen to her. The reaction that we're seeing is her amazement that someone has been able to do it six times, a non-devout priest at that.
1823	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	Also, I've always thought Arya and the Faceless Men are good and interpret death as a good thing. They only give the gift to those that deserve it, or ask for it. Meanwhile, Milisandre is a manipulator and preys on the weak. Stannis is weak and vulnerable. He's blinded by his thirst for power. Thoros almost feels guilty for using The Lord of Light's power and drinks himself to death to deal with it.
Those are just my interpretations from the material. Obviously, we all see it differently.
1824	Gendels Children	2013-05-06	Its one of the rare scenes that I think tells us some of what's going to happen or not in books 6/7.  Clearly Gendry won't be playing a role with the BWB (having him travel all the to Dragonstone and back again would be asinine, and he won't trust them anymore), but he has to have some role; or else it would've been easier to introduce Edric Storm instead of shoehorning Mel into the Riverlands.There also would've been no point to Mel's line to Arya unless they do somehow meet again.  So either Mel is headed to Braavos, Arya to the Wall (that'd be my guess), or they both meet somewhere else.And the added focus on the Red God suggests to me that he, or at least the religion, will play a major role in the end.yes1 very good this is what i was thinking when she said "we will meet again" very nice, it got me all excited XD. i think they would be most like to meet at the wall, as Mel is her strongest there i think she loves the power too much to want to leave until the whole war with the others is over, unless some huge drama pushes her away from the wall (possible the aftermath of something we have already seen triggered at the was in ADWD) i cant see her willingly heading some where else like bravos
1825	Gendels Children	2013-05-06	I think this lends credence to the theory that Melisandre is undead and has herself been resurrected by the kiss of fire before. She doesn't seem surprised that it's possible because she's had it happen to her. The reaction that we're seeing is her amazement that someone has been able to do it six times, a non-devout priest at that.i think if she would have known about the power to resurrect people already. she was trained quite well, in her chapters she seems to at least think she knows alot about the powers of her lord. but even if she isnt undead there is someting lyinh beneath her glamours for sure.
1826	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	It's really crazy for people to jump to the conclusions that the writers are foreshadowing stuff that hasn't happened in the books yet.
Most viewers will forget that Arya and Melisandre meet four or five seasons from now like some are suggesting (book 6 foreshadowing)
The show is simply not going to broadcast events that happen that far down the road. Not yet. Will they leave the door open, sure.
They skipped every bit of prophecy in the House of Undying, GoHH exactly for the reason that they don't want to George Lucas themselves.
Here's some eye colors for you...
(show) Eddard Stark = green eyes
(show) Catelyn = blue eyes
(show) The Hound= brown eyes
~~~~
Did you guys notice Samwell mentioning Darion this episode? Leaving the door open for him to make an appearance down the road. Usually characters mentioned on the show are going to be seen later on....
1827	Gendels Children	2013-05-07	any how, i really liked this scene, but i was expecting not to. Arya being so confronting to Mel was interesting, Arya has been quite down played in the tv show, she has killed and hurt less people than in the books, and we didnt get her breaking Lems nose. so i feel her not reaction to Mel was well needed, many people are afraid of the red woman, as we know through out the books, but not our little brave Arry, infact after rewatching everytime Mel looks at her, she seems a little frightened herself. also Mel possibly giving some hints into the FM i think, and the statement that they will meet again, i squealed when she said that! taking the place of the woods witch, so we all still know ther is a great darkness in this one. very good scene i felt, and im usually not very  excepting of changes in the storylines like this, but well done to them!
1828	Gendels Children	2013-05-07	Here's some eye colors for you...(show) Eddard Stark = green eyes(show) Catelyn = blue eyes(show) The Hound= brown eyes~~~~Did you guys notice Samwell mentioning Darion this episode? Leaving the door open for him to make an appearance down the road. Usually characters mentioned on the show are going to be seen later on....was thrilled by the meantion of Darion! also i when Melisandre began naming colours i was shocked she didnt say yellow. surely if she is seeing these people through her eyes, she would see Nymeria, but it seems there will be no meantion of her wild wolf or her pack this season at all. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 07 May 2013 - 12:06 AM.
1829	Landis	2013-05-07	People have been suggesting the idea of UnMel, but nobody has mentioned a section of the resurrection conversation that I thought was a little interesting, when Mel says something like "You've been to the other side?" and Beric replies to the effect of "I've been to the darkness, there is no other side." If Mel was resurrected herself, it seems she had a rather different death experience than Beric did, or variably, she simply wasn't resurrected. Did anybody else pick up on her latching on to that fact? 
In another vein, I remember harboring vague suspicions about Gendry being Robert and Cersei's supposedly stillborn son after Cersei told Catelyn that story back in season one. The show's returned emphasis on his royal blood this week dredged that thought up again. Not even going to try to push that through as logical or likely, but it was one of the early deviations from the book that had more than just me wondering about what Gendry's true role was going to be... Make of it what you will.
1830	Gendels Children	2013-05-07	People have been suggesting the idea of UnMel, but nobody has mentioned a section of the resurrection conversation that I thought was a little interesting, when Mel says something like "You've been to the other side?" and Beric replies to the effect of "I've been to the darkness, there is no other side." If Mel was resurrected herself, it seems she had a rather different death experience than Beric did, or variably, she simply wasn't resurrected. Did anybody else pick up on her latching on to that fact?In another vein, I remember harboring vague suspicions about Gendry being Robert and Cersei's supposedly stillborn son after Cersei told Catelyn that story back in season one. The show's returned emphasis on his royal blood this week dredged that thought up again. Not even going to try to push that through as logical or likely, but it was one of the early deviations from the book that had more than just me wondering about what Gendry's true role was going to be... Make of it what you will.really good point, she did seem to be clinging to that, i found that interesting also. and the gendry thing was something to consider, its curious why they would just make up a fake child for one small scene which changes the whole idea of her never bearing a trueborn child to Robert. maybe they only put it in to point out about the childs black hair. but just thiking out loud here, how would they present his parentage to him, who would know, and what would be the point. its good but maybe not so solid
1831	Sixshells	2013-05-07	Yeah I kinda had to wonder about those little detail omissions as well. I realize she's got 'sight' from her powers, but she's even admitted it's not always perfectly clear. Musta been like damn GPS type clear in order to not only pinpoint the exact location of Gendry but to just waltz right into their camp and buy him off like a piece of cattle. Wow.How she got there was ridiculous. She teleported from Dragonstone, through territories at war, to get to the BwB and will be there back again, with Gendry,  the next episode? Such madly easy travelling puts a strain on willing suspension of disbelief.Otherwise, on the one hand the whole Melisandre section was rather well done. Fusioning Edric and Gendry makes sense, particularly after they fused several characters in Shireen last episode,  given that we don't see much of Gendry after Arya leaves the BwB but they still want to have the actor around. It was also genuinely interesting to see what they do with the religion of R'hllor in the show. The overall interaction between Melisandre and Arya was also good too.But it was annoying to see them hinting at possible spoilers for later books. Or maybe not. Not all people read the same amount of foreshadowing in it, and it should be well established by now that the show is not book canon as it diverges way too much from the books. Yet it bothers me that the show may be hinting at what is going to happen in books 6 and 7. One could have hoped that even if the the show lasts long enough and eventually goes ahead of the books, it would still be safe to watch them until that point. Or maybe we are reading too much into it.I hated the "we will meet again". It so ridiculous, so poorly delivered, so obviously for shock value and to stir wild and empty fan hypotheses that it would have been better to cut it from the scene. It's utterly superfluous and frivolous.In another vein, I remember harboring vague suspicions about Gendry being Robert and Cersei's supposedly stillborn son after Cersei told Catelyn that story back in season one. The show's returned emphasis on his royal blood this week dredged that thought up again. Not even going to try to push that through as logical or likely, but it was one of the early deviations from the book that had more than just me wondering about what Gendry's true role was going to be... Make of it what you will.You do well to say it is not logical or likely, as a stillborn child is quite dead. UnGendry?It's much more likely to stress out that "the seed is strong" in Robert and that even with Cercei his children would have been dark haired. And so to remind to the viewer that Cercei's children cannot be Robert's.
1832	Landis	2013-05-07	The general assumption of the theory was that the baby was not actually stillborn, but Cersei was not able to confirm whether he was alive or not because he was immediately taken from her. I am completely aware of the lacking probability of the theory, but as Kissed~by~Fire indicated, it was strange that they changed the infertility of Robert and Cersei's marriage: it provided the opportunity to stress "the seed is strong," as well as establishing the mother-to-mother connection between Cersei and Catelyn, and offering a more sympathetic initial view of Cersei than we have in the books at this stage, but it also means that there was a suspicious child that was quickly disposed of, which, truth be told, is the stuff pretenders and long lost prince stories are made of. That's a double-edged sword they put in the fire, and I would hardly be surprised if they whip it out to cut the other way.
ETA: grammar.
					
					
							Edited by Landis, 07 May 2013 - 01:13 AM.
1833	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	How she got there was ridiculous. She teleported from Dragonstone, through territories at war, to get to the BwB and will be there back again, with Gendry,  the next episode? Such madly easy travelling puts a strain on willing suspension of disbelief.Teleported? It took her three episodes to get to the BwB. Do you want real time journeys? Are we supposed to wait a month for a character to get somewhere because it would take a month to travel from one place to another? Time leaps are fundamental in storytelling. Yes, she will be in Dragonstone next episode. Do you want them to show a "four weeks later..." sign?And how do you know that she did not meet any cutthroat or outlaw, or even soldiers in her way? Maybe she met them, and her guards protected her. Just because they didn't show it, it does not mean it didn't happen. Or maybe, since she had seen where Gendry was in the flames, she also knew the safest way to go.This is like when people were calling a plot hole the fact that they hadn't been shown how Batman got back to Gotham after being imprisoned in The Dark Knight Rises.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 07 May 2013 - 02:44 AM.
1834	ChozenOne	2013-05-07	Arya: You're a witch. You're going to hurt him.
Melisandre: I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again. 
I don"t think the eye colors really mean anything. I think it is more to show that she will have many personas/appearances as a faceless man. And I think the "Eyes you'll shut forever" isn't referencing the people she kills, but that she will close her Arya Stark eyes forever and actually become no one. Don't know what to make of the "we will meet again line".
1835	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	I'm assuming you have read the books but for someone who hasn't, someone who is just a television viewer, what do you imagine they will think when Jon is assassinated and Melisandre is there?They will probably think the same thing we all thought when we read it in the book, which was that she will probably use Thoros' resurrection technique since they are both red priest(esse)s.My exact thoughts when I read this scene were "FUCK!!! THAT BASTARD KILLED JON SNOW!!" and then a few seconds later "wait, maybe he warged into Ghost like the dude in the beginning of the book" and then a few seconds after that "wait, maybe Melisandre will resurrect him like that Thoros dude did because they are both Red Priests...that's probably what will happen" and then a few seconds later "FUCK!! HE BETTER NOT BE DEAD!!"Pardon my French.
1836	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	I found this scene fascinating because I do think D&D are dropping BIG hints about the ending of the series. They know where this is all going and those were not just throwaway lines. I know it's been mentioned elsewhere in the thread, buttThe line that really stuck out to me in Mel's scene with Arya was the "green eyes" bit. Who do we know who has green eyes other than the Lannisters, and who does Arya really want to kill? I thought it could definitely be foreshadowing that Arya will end up killing a Lannister. Cersei's the one on Arya's hit list, but I'm not sure if Arya will be the valonqar after all. Still, very interesting to think about where they might be going with this. I don't think it's a red herring, it sounded to me like a clue for book readers.I found Melisandres scene with Arya very interesting and intriguing as well. And I hope that those lines were meant to forshadow Arya's future killings. I know that some people would not like it if the show hints to events that will happen in the last two books, but personally with all the waiting time I would love it if the writers include some information that they have gathered from GRRM about future storylines.
					
					
							Edited by MarieAntoinette, 07 May 2013 - 03:11 AM.
1837	Ice Turtle	2013-05-07	Arya: You're a witch. You're going to hurt him.Melisandre: I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again.I don"t think the eye colors really mean anything. I think it is more to show that she will have many personas/appearances as a faceless man. And I think the "Eyes you'll shut forever" isn't referencing the people she kills, but that she will close her Arya Stark eyes forever and actually become no one. Don't know what to make of the "we will meet again line".Arya Stark doesn't have three pairs of eyes. And at least in books her eyes are grey.This makes little sense. If it doesn't refer to people she kills it could refer to burial rites she performs in THoBaW, which probably contain act of closing eyes, only those eyes and faces are used one last time as disguise. Side note did anyone else notice that in show it's said that Jon's eyes are brown? (infamous Cat/Talisa scene) I hope this won't fuel theories about Arya killing Jon, on the other hand brown is the most common color.
1838	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	Mate, if you really got it, you (complainers) wouldn't be saying it every week, every year. It's like disliking sea food, yet WILLINGLY eating it every sunday and then complaining about its taste. Either you stop eating it, or you accept its taste. Saying, every week, every year "yikes, sea food tastes bad" is plain ridiculous, at this point.LOL!!  This is probably the best analogy I've seen for this phenomenon, and perfectly encapsulates what is going on here.  I will steal this from you in the future, if you don't mind haha.
1839	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	LOL!!  This is probably the best analogy I've seen for this phenomenon, and perfectly encapsulates what is going on here.  I will steal this from you in the future, if you don't mind haha.Be my guest!
1840	ChozenOne	2013-05-07	Arya Stark doesn't have three pairs of eyes. And at least in books her eyes are grey.This makes little sense. If it doesn't refer to people she kills it could refer to burial rites she performs in THoBaW, which probably contain act of closing eyes, only those eyes and faces are used one last time as disguise.Side note did anyone else notice that in show it's said that Jon's eyes are brown? (infamous Cat/Talisa scene) I hope this won't fuel theories about Arya killing Jon, on the other hand brown is the most common color.I don't know why what I posted doesn't make sense. I'll try to be a little more clear. Mel sees darkness in her. In that darkness she sees eyes staring back at her. I interpret those eyes to be Arya's eyes, and the exact colors and numbers make no difference, but the fact that there will be may faces/ different eyes that Arya will see through. And using book eye colors means nothing because about every character's eyes are a different color in the show. I think it was forshadowing that she will be a FM and be able to change her identitly at will, but will lose her own true identitly in the process, hence the Arya eyes being shut forever.
					
					
							Edited by ChozenOne, 07 May 2013 - 03:30 AM.
1841	eg4yae	2013-05-07	I liked the scene, thought it was telling. However for the brown eyes  green eyes, etc. wouldn't that be the eye colours of the people Arya killed or will intends to kill (her list) rather than the many faced god which melisandre is actually not affiliated to, a kind of foreshadowing perhaps of Arya losing herself.
1842	Yanninho	2013-05-07	To me the eyes line is clearly a reference to the FM Arya will become, thus having the ability to take any eyes color she wants.
I really like the Thoros/Melisandre scene. Great acting.
Probably the best scene from this episode, along the Jaime/Brienne/Roose one.
1843	Shebara	2013-05-07	As to Valar Morghulis, Melisandre is from Asshai, from the Snadowlands, not from the Free Cities, and Valar Morghulis well stands for the religion of the FM, which is a religion of death...and the Lord of Light means to bring Life (even if Melisandre brings death too...hmm), not death...it is known!
That scene brought some light to me too...-as JonDunn said above - Arya (Death) and Melisandre (Life) are quite controversial and I think they will fight in the future.
Maybe....Varys+Illyrio (disturbed by Stannis in their plans) --->FM----->Arya against Melisandre
Arya could well be trained by the FM so that her plans to murder the Red Woman don t show up in her flames
1844	dttljs123	2013-05-07	Arya won't kill Melisandre, once a FM she will be working and her task will send her back to Westeros and the mask she will get will be Arya Stark. After that she marries Gendry, Baratheon + Stark = AWESOME. And Daenarys shows up with her dragons.
1845	David of Kent	2013-05-07	I'm not sure what I think of it. I thought Mel's scene with Beric and Thoros was really well acted and interesting.  Not sure where they are going with this.Those words pretty much summed it up for me.
1846	Lady KotLT	2013-05-07	I took the eye scene to mean Arya will kill 3 people with green, blue, and brown eyes. I assume green is Cersei? But the other two I'm not so sure about.  I was wondering about this too. When Cat is talking about Jon coming down with the pox and how she could not love him, she said he had "strangers brown eyes"..., blue eyes could be whites or Cat and Sansa? green eyes Cersei but didn't the CotF greenseers have green eyes?? I'm not really sure thb!
1847	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I was wondering about this too. When Cat is talking about Jon coming down with the pox and how she could not love him, she said he had "strangers brown eyes"..., blue eyes could be whites or Cat and Sansa? green eyes Cersei but didn't the CotF greenseers have green eyes?? I'm not really sure thb!I think people are reading too much into this.  It was Red Dress standing in for the ghost of high heart and a foreshadowing of the people Arya will kill in the future, that's it.
1848	clarkside	2013-05-07	I want to see what they do with Gendry in the next couple seasons.  This is IMO a lot better TV only story then "WHO STOLE MA DRAGONZZZZ" Well said. Dany's storyline in S2 really annoyed me. Whenever something didn't go her way she'd just start foaming at the mouth like a rabid dog and start yapping "I'm Daenerys Targaryen... yap yap yap, foam foam... blood of old Valyria..." The only thing they could have done to make her more petulant was have her stamp her foot and throw her fists up and down like a toddler having a temper tantrum. The scene at the end of And Now His Watch Is Ended was a total contrast to that. She spoke with conviction and it was a very well acted, powerful scene.Sorry, I digress. Substituting Gendry for Edric makes absolute sense seeing as they're both Kings Roberts bastards. Having Edric cast wouldn't really add anything to the TV show. HBO, I approve of your conduct!
1849	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I don't necessarily have a problem w/Gendry subbing for Edric, but its a plot hole as far as how she knows about Gendry and that he's Robert's bastard.....yeah, yeah, she saw it in the flames....but that is weak...since we know that she only sees images in the flames and she would have no way whatever of knowing that Gendry--who she presumably saw in the flames--was Robert Baratheon's bastard son.  And, as others have said, Stannis refusing to kill Gendry, a lowborn peasant he's never set eyes on is much less realistic than his moral dilemma over Edric Storm, so, again, plot hole and weak on characterization.
1850	paddington	2013-05-07	Jon Arryn and Stannis were looking into Roberts bastards in the first book, can't remeber if Stannis joined Jon when they went to the blacksmith, but it's not unlikely that Stannis knows about Gendry, an may have met him briefly before.
1851	Calidad	2013-05-07	Despite it being a notable departure from the books, I actually enjoyed the scene and the interaction between Melissandre and Thoros/Beric.
1852	Hoo	2013-05-07	Excellent scenes, with contrast between light and darkness, love and revenge.  Arya is an interesting adventurous character, she is into swords, bows, she wants to learn everything.  Maybe she will learn to resurrect the dead and we'll have a chance to see it.
1853	Northbound	2013-05-07	The biggest sense of foreshadowing was the Arya/Mel exchange.  They have not met in the books, thus far.  But in the episode Mel said "we will meet again." This is my thought on this scene for the future of both the books and show.  Arya, once she finishes her FM training will be sent to kill Mel, while she is at the wall with Jon.  Jon will see(to his eye's) a stranger about to kill Mel; a person he knows.  Jon will jump in to save Mel from the would be killer and in the process, stab the assassin through the chest; with whatever sword he is carrying(Longclaw or Dawn).  When sword is removed it is now Lightbringer, after Jon just killed the one person he loved the most.  Arya will be Jon's Nissa Nissa. I posted thoughts about this theory, in the general discussion section as well.I posted this, in another topic. I wanted to put it on here, as it appears to be the better place for it.
					
					
							Edited by Northbound, 07 May 2013 - 10:11 AM.
1854	-Ghost-	2013-05-07	"We will meet again"They will meet again this season or did we just get a massive spoiler for the last 2 books.My guess is spoiler and Arya returns from Braavos to the Wall with Justin Massey.
1855	HopeForSpring	2013-05-07	I'm in the camp that the eyes she'll close forever are kills, but I don't think the listing of brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes meant that she was going to be limited to 3 kills... just that there would be a variety of types of people she kills. 
I also thought Melissande knew about the resurrection possibility but just thought a slacker like Thoros shouldn't have been able to pull it off. "You shouldn't have this power"  I think they were trying to emphasize to the viewers how amazing it was that he pulled it off since he just seemed to mutter some words and it was all okay again.
I'm also not down with the early demoralization of the Band of Brothers. It makes me sad because they were the one group that seemed to care about the small folk. It will make their grimness under UnCat less heart breaking. 
I'm fine with Gendry taking over Edric's role (whatever, it isn't totally credible but they need to compress characters) but I wish Mel had convinced Gendry to come with her willingly somehow rather than Beric and Thoros selling him.
And go Arya for calling Mel out! A spade is a spade, sing it.
I also am curious about the "We'll meet again" - will they be on the same side or opposite? Enquiring minds want to know!
1856	BluePG	2013-05-07	In another vein, I remember harboring vague suspicions about Gendry being Robert and Cersei's supposedly stillborn son after Cersei told Catelyn that story back in season one. The show's returned emphasis on his royal blood this week dredged that thought up again. Not even going to try to push that through as logical or likely, but it was one of the early deviations from the book that had more than just me wondering about what Gendry's true role was going to be... Make of it what you will.I would like to point everyone to this interview. It's the one labeled The Most Beautiful Woman in th World: http://www.spoilertv...3x06-climb.htmlWhy bring up a child she has lost again? Was it just a plot device for sympathy between Cat and Cersei?It's weird. And it makes me uncomfortable. I would really be suspicious of that story line.PS- if you watch the Joe Dempsie one, looks like shadow babies are on the way...
1857	The Monkey	2013-05-07	The exact quote is "I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever."
Maybe the comment just means Arya will kill a shitload of people (thus every eye colour is represented).
1858	Faint	2013-05-07	I think this lends credence to the theory that Melisandre is undead and has herself been resurrected by the kiss of fire before. She doesn't seem surprised that it's possible because she's had it happen to her. The reaction that we're seeing is her amazement that someone has been able to do it six times, a non-devout priest at that.I've had similar thoughts on the matter. Whatever Melisandre is, she is not normal. It wouldn't surprise me at all if it turned out she was resurrected herself.
1859	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	I would like to point everyone to this interview. It's the one labeled The Most Beautiful Woman in th World: http://www.spoilertv...3x06-climb.htmlWhy bring up a child she has lost again? Was it just a plot device for sympathy between Cat and Cersei?Cersei brings it up when she's talking to Robert as well, D brings it up because it's something that has effected Cersei, failing to give Robert a son caused them to drift completely apart. It's a very big issue for her marriage to Loras so it's I guess better to mention that she was pregnant four times in seventeen years of marriage, not just three.Look at Lysa, look at Selyse. They lost more than one child but clearly "stillborn" = "make mommies crazy"Why invent the scene with Sansa and her Septa about how everyone will hate her if she has "all girl children"? Why does Ned Stark tell Catelyn that she's "of the North" because she has birthed five Stark children?Failing to have a child is a big deal. I wouldn't read into the crazy idea about Gendry being Cersei's child if that's what you're hinting at.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 07 May 2013 - 02:56 PM.
1860	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	This scene made me realize eventually we will get to see Maisie speaking one of the languages. I wondered how she'll do.
And it also made me realize that we will see Braavos in the titles. Can't wait to see that
1861	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	This scene made me realize eventually we will get to see Maisie speaking one of the languages. I wondered how she'll do.And it also made me realize that we will see Braavos in the titles. Can't wait to see thatOn the Game of Owns podcast interview with Bryan Cogman, Bryan mentioned that there were no new locations for S4 filming. I'm about 80% sure they'll film Braavos in Venice (if they want to capture the authenticity of Braavos), so we probably won't see it until S5.
1862	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	On the Game of Owns podcast interview with Bryan Cogman, Bryan mentioned that there were no new locations for S4 filming. I'm about 80% sure they'll film Braavos in Venice (if they want to capture the authenticity of Braavos), so we probably won't see it until S5.Yeah I know it's a while down the road, I was just saying I'm excited for it. So this scene has confused and excited me, but not really mad with rage at the change. I will just assume that they're doing things differently so that it works better in this medium. Like moving the reeds to this season. People will probably end up on the same general path, just with small changes, I'm guessing. I don't think any of it was to spoil the future books. Just to make things better to a TV audience. They probably could tell that the pacing was a little off when writing this season (relative to the others)
1863	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	On the Game of Owns podcast interview with Bryan Cogman, Bryan mentioned that there were no new locations for S4 filming. I'm about 80% sure they'll film Braavos in Venice (if they want to capture the authenticity of Braavos), so we probably won't see it until S5.If they do, i'll rush up there and break into the set!
1864	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	If they do, i'll rush up there and break into the set!Well, I doubt they'll film in Venice. Croatia is sometimes used as a stand-in for Venice. Or at least it was in a doctor who episode. It was convincing enough if you've never been to Italy. But they have a bigger budget than Doctor Who (doesn't everyone? lol)
1865	BluePG	2013-05-07	Failing to have a child is a big deal. I wouldn't read into the crazy idea about Gendry being Cersei's child if that's what you're hinting at.That was what I was hinting at and you<U+0080><U+0099>ve re-assured me. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I would really DISLIKE them going that route.
1866	Druze	2013-05-07	The thing I thought I gathered from the whole thing is that they are giving much more weight to the R'hllor (last season they put Jaqen into the group, too). So they are building on "Ice vs Fire" much. And here Thoros says it is his love for a friend that brought him back (he did not say that in the books). So  Fire/Love/Good and Ice/Walkers/Bad. Maybe... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />I hope they aren't lumping Gods together.  I assumed last season that Jaqen mentioned the Red God because he was literally rescued from fire so since he believes in basically all gods in one form or another that particular debt needed to be paid to the red god.  The reason this lumping disturbs me is because there seems to be a conflict with Red God folks in how they view the Old Gods of the North, they burn septs in the south too, but they use wood which is symbolic of the Old Gods and Weirwood trees to burn and therefore worship the fire god.  I'm not sure where the Weirwood gods would fit in a narrative lumping fire versus ice.
1867	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	Well, I doubt they'll film in Venice. Croatia is sometimes used as a stand-in for Venice. Or at least it was in a doctor who episode. It was convincing enough if you've never been to Italy. But they have a bigger budget than Doctor Who (doesn't everyone? lol)Well, being Italian, I should definitely watch that episode!
1868	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	Well, being Italian, I should definitely watch that episode!It's "Vampires of Venice" and "Vincent and the Doctor" from the 11th doctor's first season, if you are curious.
1869	Dark_Sister	2013-05-07	I'm not sure they would use Venice as a location, filming in Italy is very expensive (I think it's the most expensive country in Europe to film) and getting permits to film in Venice is really difficult. Of course it's possible to use Venice as the location for Braavos, it would be awesome, but I don't want to get my hopes up.
On topic: I don't know how I feel about this scene, I adore Arya and I'm happy just seeing her, but at the same time I didn't like her meeting Mel, the whole "we will meet again" seems a future book spoiler for me (unless they made them see each other before Arya goes to Braavos, something unlikely, I think she will go back to Dragonstone now that she has Gendry, why would she stay in the Riverlands?), it might be a reference to the whole Arya/Alys thing, but Mel doesn't know who Arya is in the scene, so I don't understand how they can be talking about that.
I think the eyes line meant Arya is going to kill a lot of people, nothing else.
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Sister, 07 May 2013 - 05:36 PM.
1870	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	I didn't like her meeting Mel, the whole "we will meet again" seems a future book spoiler for me (unless they made them see each other before Arya goes to Braavos, something unlikely,First off why does Melisandre have to be correct that they'll meet again? Does she control Arya's destiny? Ned Stark and Benjen Stark told Jon that they'd talk to him the next time they see him and then one dies and the other is been missing a long time.Second, I love how you think that the show is trolling you with information that you think will be future book spoilers. I'll try and just point out that there's absolutely no way that the show will hint at something that is going to happen five seasons from now.Do you think that Benjen Stark will return to the Wall because he tells Jon "we'll speak more when I return"?
1871	Dark_Sister	2013-05-07	^^ I was just giving my opinion about that Mel said to Arya, and I'm not the only one who thinks that, why are you so agressive about it?
1872	Relic	2013-05-07	LOL!!  This is probably the best analogy I've seen for this phenomenon, and perfectly encapsulates what is going on here.  I will steal this from you in the future, if you don't mind haha.It's actually not a great analogy at all.  Tons of people have been reading these books for years before the show was even a gleam in hbo's palm. A better seafood analogy would be thus: for years and years you have loved shrimp to the point you knew everything there was to know about shrimp. However the shrimp you want won't be in season for another four years.  To feed your shrimp addiction you start eating fake shrimp meat even tho it tastes like shit and gives you gas. At some point you might stop eating fake shrimp meat,  maybe once your poor guts simply can't handle it anymore. In four years,  you tell yourself,  I'll dine on real shrimp once more. You just hope your guts hold out till then.
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 07 May 2013 - 05:59 PM.
1873	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	^^ I was just giving my opinion about that Mel said to Arya, and I'm not the only one who thinks that, why are you so agressive about it?so in your opinion it was a book spoiler? I don't think I was being agressive about it, maybe a little aggressive........ I guess I'm just confused about how everyone is jumping to a conclusion that makes no sense for the show just because obviously Melisandre never told Arya "we'll meet again" in the books.I think the people that are telling people that are worried about future book spoilers to "quit watching the show" are being aggressive. I'm just trying to simply point out how illogical it is for the show to forshadow something that will happen in season 7.  My guess is you should start worrying in a few years if the show is still on the air and Winds of Winter hasn't come out yet.
1874	Dark_Sister	2013-05-07	so in your opinion it was a book spoiler? I don't think I was being agressive about it, maybe a little aggressive........ I guess I'm just confused about how everyone is jumping to a conclusion that makes no sense for the show just because obviously Melisandre never told Arya "we'll meet again" in the books.I think the people that are telling people that are worried about future book spoilers to "quit watching the show" are being aggressive. I'm just trying to simply point out how illogical it is for the show to forshadow something that will happen in season 7.  My guess is you should start worrying in a few years if the show is still on the air and Winds of Winter hasn't come out yet.Well, IMO you were being agressive and it was not necessary, if you don't agree there are other ways to say it. I just think it might be a clue, it probably isn't, but that was the impression I got. Nothing else.And I didn't say anything about the people who worry about the show spoiling the books or what they should do, so I don't see how that should affect my opinion about your answer, and I didn't talk about the show getting ahead of the books either, because honestly, even if it happens, I don't care.
1875	Tulicloure	2013-05-07	First off why does Melisandre have to be correct that they'll meet again? Does she control Arya's destiny? Ned Stark and Benjen Stark told Jon that they'd talk to him the next time they see him and then one dies and the other is been missing a long time.Second, I love how you think that the show is trolling you with information that you think will be future book spoilers. I'll try and just point out that there's absolutely no way that the show will hint at something that is going to happen five seasons from now.Do you think that Benjen Stark will return to the Wall because he tells Jon "we'll speak more when I return"?I agree here. That line could mean a lot of things, including nothing. Yes, maybe it's a spoiler of Arya meeting Melisandre in future books, but it could also be a reference to Alys Karstark, a new TV show-only scene on any season, a spoiler of fake Arya meeting Melisandre, or Melisandre is just wrong. We have been shown countless times how flawed Mel's interpretations of her visions are, and here she's not even looking into the flames.Until we know for sure what that line means, this is as much of a spoiler as saying "All men must die".As for the interaction between Thoros and Mel, it really doesn't spoil Jon's fate any more than the books do. Red priests do "The Kiss" / say "The Old Words" as a funerary ritual, so even if Melisandre didn't believe it was possible to bring someone back to life with it, she'll probably do it to Jon anyway. Even Thoros did it to Beric, and Mel's much more devoted than Thoros was back then. Also, we're not sure if that's what's really going to happen.
1876	Druze	2013-05-07	I'm not sure they would use Venice as a location, filming in Italy is very expensive (I think it's the most expensive country in Europe to film) and getting permits to film in Venice is really difficult. Of course it's possible to use Venice as the location for Braavos, it would be awesome, but I don't want to get my hopes up.On topic: I don't know how I feel about this scene, I adore Arya and I'm happy just seeing her, but at the same time I didn't like her meeting Mel, the whole "we will meet again" seems a future book spoiler for me (unless they made them see each other before Arya goes to Braavos, something unlikely, I think she will go back to Dragonstone now that she has Gendry, why would she stay in the Riverlands?), it might be a reference to the whole Arya/Alys thing, but Mel doesn't know who Arya is in the scene, so I don't understand how they can be talking about that.I think the eyes line meant Arya is going to kill a lot of people, nothing else.It's not only expensive but it also has some of the most strict laws regarding working hours especially in regards to minors that it becomes almost impossible to film scenes that require a long shooting time.  Overtime isn't usually allowed even when actors are willing.   Remember HBO Rome?  there are multiple kids used as Vorenus's kids simply because of Union rules and regulations.   Italy doesn't rate very high (to put it mildly) on the ease of doing buisness country index.
1877	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	It's actually not a great analogy at all.  Tons of people have been reading these books for years before the show was even a gleam in hbo's palm. A better seafood analogy would be thus: for years and years you have loved shrimp to the point you knew everything there was to know about shrimp. However the shrimp you want won't be in season for another four years.  To feed your shrimp addiction you start eating fake shrimp meat even tho it tastes like shit and gives you gas. At some point you might stop eating fake shrimp meat,  maybe once your poor guts simply can't handle it anymore. In four years,  you tell yourself,  I'll dine on real shrimp once more. You just hope your guts hold out till then.Sounds like the same thing to me, except that I'm eating the same "fake" shrimp and I think it tastes great.  You just don't like it.  And if you dislike it so much, you should stop eating it and go back and eat the kind of shrimp you ate before because it will always be there for you to enjoy until the new shrimp comes along.
1878	Relic	2013-05-07	Sounds like the same thing to me, except that I'm eating the same "fake" shrimp and I think it tastes great.  You just don't like it.  And if you dislike it so much, you should stop eating it and go back and eat the kind of shrimp you ate before because it will always be there for you to enjoy until the new shrimp comes along.You can like fake shrimp all you want. Doesn't make an ounce of difference to me.  No idea why you care about other people's palate.
1879	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	You can like fake shrimp all you want. Doesn't make an ounce of difference to me.  No idea why you care about other people's palate.Because I love the books and the show, and I come here to talk about both, but I have to wade through buckets of people shitting on the TV show for being a betrayal of the books and being terrible.  If you don't like it just don't watch it and spare yourselves the trouble and allow the rest of us to enjoy discussing it.I don't mean people can't say they dislike a change or that they would prefer something be more like the books. What I'm talking about is this kind of thing (saying the show "tastes like shit") and certain others who constantly post only negative comments who clearly hate the show and make us go through this in every thread.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 07 May 2013 - 07:45 PM.
1880	Relic	2013-05-07	Because I love the books and the show, and I come here to talk about both, but I have to wade through buckets of people shitting on the TV show for being a betrayal of the books and being terrible.  If you don't like it just don't watch it and spare yourselves the trouble and allow the rest of us to enjoy discussing it.I don't mean people can't say they dislike a change or that they would prefer something be more like the books. What I'm talking about is this kind of thing (saying the show "tastes like shit") and certain others who constantly post only negative comments who clearly hate the show and make us go through this in every thread.Well I can appreciate you being unhappy with that but what you want won't happen. So...
1881	Tulicloure	2013-05-07	"If you don't like people complaining, you shouldn't come to the forum."
I'm sure there's a lesson to be learned here, but I can't bother myself to think about it.
					
					
							Edited by Tulicloure, 07 May 2013 - 08:53 PM.
1882	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	"If you don't like people complaining, you shouldn't come to the forum."I'm sure there's a lesson to be learned here, but I can't bother myself to think about it.I said in my post that it's fine for people to say they don't like a change or discuss whatever, but it's the crushing negativity and outright hatred being passed off as objective truth that's obnoxious.And the same can be said about watching the show.  "If you don't like changes in the adaptation, don't watch the show."
1883	Tulicloure	2013-05-07	I said in my post that it's fine for people to say they don't like a change or discuss whatever, but it's the crushing negativity and outright hatred being passed off as objective truth that's obnoxious.And the same can be said about watching the show.  "If you don't like changes in the adaptation, don't watch the show."Yeah, yeah. I'm just joking around. I mostly agree with you.
1884	Relic	2013-05-07	Because I love the books and the show, and I come here to talk about both, but I have to wade through buckets of people shitting on the TV show for being a betrayal of the books and being terrible.  If you don't like it just don't watch it and spare yourselves the trouble and allow the rest of us to enjoy discussing it.I don't mean people can't say they dislike a change or that they would prefer something be more like the books. What I'm talking about is this kind of thing (saying the show "tastes like shit") and certain others who constantly post only negative comments who clearly hate the show and make us go through this in every thread.[/quoteBecause I love the books and the show, and I come here to talk about both, but I have to wade through buckets of people shitting on the TV show for being a betrayal of the books and being terrible.  If you don't like it just don't watch it and spare yourselves the trouble and allow the rest of us to enjoy discussing it.I don't mean people can't say they dislike a change or that they would prefer something be more like the books. What I'm talking about is this kind of thing (saying the show "tastes like shit") and certain others who constantly post only negative comments who clearly hate the show and make us go through this in every thread.Who said anything about objective truth?  It's called an opinion for a reason. I think the only one taking themselves too seriously here is....
1885	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-08	The first thing I thought of when I saw this scene was 'How did Mel get there?'. Srsly, how is she supposed to have made it to the Riverlands from Dragonstone?
I also thought the eyes quote might have meant wolves, perhaps finally hinting at Arya's warging potential, but then Mel said 'eyes you'll shut forever' so it means she'll be a faceless man/ninja assassin. It seems like a good idea to let Gendry take over from Edric Storm in the book and to bring some of the threads together in the show.
1886	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-08	travel time in the show means nothing, it has been well established.
all you need is a scene of them leaving, and a scene of them arriving, done.
1887	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	travel time in the show means nothing, it has been well established.all you need is a scene of them leaving, and a scene of them arriving, done.May I ask you what on Earth you are talking about, as far as Mel is concerned? It took her three episodes to reach the BwB!
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 06:29 AM.
1888	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	It's actually not a great analogy at all.  Tons of people have been reading these books for years before the show was even a gleam in hbo's palm. A better seafood analogy would be thus: for years and years you have loved shrimp to the point you knew everything there was to know about shrimp. However the shrimp you want won't be in season for another four years.  To feed your shrimp addiction you start eating fake shrimp meat even tho it tastes like shit and gives you gas. At some point you might stop eating fake shrimp meat,  maybe once your poor guts simply can't handle it anymore. In four years,  you tell yourself,  I'll dine on real shrimp once more. You just hope your guts hold out till then.Mate, there's other food, you know. Fish, meat, eggs. Don't you think constantly eating something that disgusts you is a bit masochistic? What are you doing it for? Wouldn't you fancy eating something else, something you like? Anyway, I love food analogies, they make me want to eat!
1889	Grandpa House	2013-05-08	I think the most unintentionally bad part of this, is that it sort of gives away Jon Snow's resurrection.. That is the biggest giveaway from this scene.Oh so now all of sudden Jon Snow's (inevitable) coming back to life was gonna to be some big "surprise"? haha....
					
					
							Edited by Grandpa House, 08 May 2013 - 06:55 AM.
1890	Alex Swann	2013-05-08	There's a lot of posts on this thread so apologies if I've missed something - but here's my theory(s):
1. The show will combine the religions. Under the Lord of Light.
2. Arya will be trained as an asssisin under them.
3. Mel didn't take her as she could see this and taking her would take Arya off this path.
4. Gendry will be let go by the onion knight.
5. By the end of the current books we see a split in the BWB between those that are following Stoneheart and those that have the mission to protect the small folk sent by Gendry's dad. Gendry goes back and leads them in this (ok this last ones a hope as I wanted the booked to do this).
6. It could be the revolt is what saves jamie/Brienne
7. Arya will see Mel again when she kills her.
1891	Weeping Sore	2013-05-08	She said "eyes you'll shut forever", so I suppose the people she'll kill.I agree.  "eyes you'll shut forever" pretty much sounds like people she'll kill.  Am I crazy to think the blue eyes might be Ramsay?  That there will be no false Arya, that her FM plot will be accelerated to get her to Winterfell to kill Ramsay on their wedding night?
1892	Sopranos With Swords	2013-05-08	I agree eyes of different colour that you'll close forever is clearly a nod to her future killing spree, but it could also mean taking on different eyes herself when changing faces. Dual prophesy. Personally I don't think the colours are specific nods to anyone as she'll kill so many, but they could be. I was prepared to be disappointed by lack of the ghost of high heart. I love the show adaptation, and I agree certain prophesies are too revealing and restricting, but I'm glad in this case we still got a nod to the darkness in Arya. Its hard to judge what they've done with this particular story without knowing where Gendry's BWB story or Arya's FM arc or Mel in general are going in the book. Second guessing what this means for the show future, when we don't even really know the book future, is a confusing spitball. Hopefully the payoffs will be the same anyway, I have faith in D&D.
1893	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	I agree.  "eyes you'll shut forever" pretty much sounds like people she'll kill.  Am I crazy to think the blue eyes might be Ramsay?  That there will be no false Arya, that her FM plot will be accelerated to get her to Winterfell to kill Ramsay on their wedding night?I think you are probably crazy and that would be too far of a departure from the books as Ramsey is presumably still alive at the end of Dance, long after his wedding, still alive for the coming Battle of Winterfell against Stannis, and who would bother hring a FM to kill Ramsey to begin with, he's not that important, his father is still alive.It may be that Mel and Arya will meet in the next two books and that was a spoiler, or it may be that it was just show talk and means nothing....I suspect that Mel and Arya WILL meet in the books because I think that Arya and Jon will reunite.
1894	Weeping Sore	2013-05-08	I think you are probably crazy and that would be too far of a departure from the books as Ramsey is presumably still alive at the end of Dance, long after his wedding, still alive for the coming Battle of Winterfell against Stannis, and who would bother hring a FM to kill Ramsey to begin with, he's not that important, his father is still alive.It may be that Mel and Arya will meet in the next two books and that was a spoiler, or it may be that it was just show talk and means nothing....I suspect that Mel and Arya WILL meet in the books because I think that Arya and Jon will reunite.It would be a big departure, but it really depends on what's going to happen in TWoW. If Ramsay is already dead at the end of Dance (e.g., the letter is from Mance). Also, Arya will not be a true FM as she will still act for her own purposes. (though the Iron Bank is backing Stannis, and the show could portray an alliance btn the FM and Iron Bank, so why not kill their guy's enemies?)  If she were to find out the Boltons' role in the RW, it's conceivable she would let herself be captured to take them out.  I'm just looking at the showrunners' penchant for reducing characters (no Edric Storm, Willas Tyrell, or Jeyne Poole)  Jon would have the same motivation to leave the Wall to stop the wedding, Theon/Reek would have the same redemptive impulse to "save" Arya, though with her training she would hardly need it.  Obviously, Ramsay would die before "consummating" (eww.)Now if TWoW has Arya doing major stuff in Essos right away, then throw it out the window.
1895	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-05-08	To me, 'eyes you'll shut forever' is just Mel's typically ignorant interpretation of her visions. She sees Arya as the/a blind girl and assumes that's her fate.
I would guess that Gendry's gonna get shipped off to the free cities by Davos, where he'll either reunite with Arya in Braavos or bump into the Griffs and wind up making his way back to Westeros with them.
1896	The Drunkard	2013-05-08	The silly food analogies in this thread are hilarious.
1897	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	The silly food analogies in this thread are hilarious.Aren't they? I'm really glad I started them!
1898	Frumpus	2013-05-08	On the Game of Owns podcast interview with Bryan Cogman, Bryan mentioned that there were no new locations for S4 filming. I'm about 80% sure they'll film Braavos in Venice (if they want to capture the authenticity of Braavos), so we probably won't see it until S5.So we get an entire season of Arya and the Hound? sweet!
1899	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-05-08	lol good thread for laughs
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 08 May 2013 - 09:28 PM.
1900	shavedquaithe	2013-05-08	These scenes with Melisandre in the Riverlands were easily some of the best in the show so far. They add a much needed element of creeping spiritual pagan dread which plays off the more prosaic, though no less important, plotting/scheming etc. Regardless of their expositional content, and issues we book readers may have with such, ultimately the atmosphere they provided was absolutely thrilling and essential, atleast to me.
1901	AegonSnow	2013-05-08	Could be an effective change if they handle it right, I'm reserving my judgment for now.  I think it's something that has potential, we'll see how it works out.The vast majority of the changes they've made I've had a really good idea of where they were going with it, and I've almost always been right, for good or ill.  This one, I'm not entirely sure, but I think it could potentially work.For one, Gendry seems to later take his leave of the Brotherhood.  This way it kinda fits a bit nicer?Gendry is taken to Stannis, but Davos rescues him, and send him back, hiding him at the Crossroads Inn where we find him in Feast of Crows
1902	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	Gendry is taken to Stannis, but Davos rescues him, and send him back, hiding him at the Crossroads Inn where we find him in Feast of CrowsNo. Melisandre found the kid in the Riverlands once already.
1903	AegonSnow	2013-05-08	No. Melisandre found the kid in the Riverlands once already.It would make sense.
1904	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	It would make sense.It would make sense that Melisandre could just go and find Gendry again? Yes. I agree. Which means it makes no sense to send him back there.Here's some more reasons:1. The Riverlands are a war zone, it's not safe for him.2. Stannis can use Gendry as proof that Joffrey is not Robert's child with Gendry.3. The crossroads inn doesn't have a proper forge.
1905	Batman	2013-05-09	I am looking forward to possible Davos/Gendry scenes.
1906	The Bear	2013-05-09	I haven't read through all the past posts so I apologise if this has already come up, but:
On the Theon thread people were speculating about what would happen with fArya and real Arya now that Mel has met her.
Only, when I watched that scene, I didn't get any indication that she knew who Arya was. And given Mel's tendency to misread her visions, I could easily see 'we will meet again' applying either to fArya or to something that happens much further down the line, as in post-ADWD. Why are people so sure Mel knew she was meeting Arya? It's totally possible I missed something, which is why I'm asking.
1907	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-05-10	I am looking forward to possible Davos/Gendry scenes.jeez, people ship anything these days
1908	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	I haven't read through all the past posts so I apologise if this has already come up, but:On the Theon thread people were speculating about what would happen with fArya and real Arya now that Mel has met her.Only, when I watched that scene, I didn't get any indication that she knew who Arya was. And given Mel's tendency to misread her visions, I could easily see 'we will meet again' applying either to fArya or to something that happens much further down the line, as in post-ADWD. Why are people so sure Mel knew she was meeting Arya? It's totally possible I missed something, which is why I'm asking.Why wouldn't the Brotherhood tell her who Arya is? If they'd be willing to defer to her because she's a priestess and let her have Gendry why wouldn't they tell her also that they have Arya Stark in case she thinks R'hllor needs her too?
1909	Batman	2013-05-10	jeez, people ship anything these daysI only ship Gendry and Arya, I lack the energy for the rest. But considering what Davos did for Edric in the books, some Gendry/Davos scenes are welcome. I would also be pleased by some Gendry/Shireen family bonding of the non-Lannister variety.
1910	Woel	2013-05-10	I only ship Gendry and Arya, I lack the energy for the rest. But considering what Davos did for Edric in the books, some Gendry/Davos scenes are welcome. I would also be pleased by some Gendry/Shireen family bonding of the non-Lannister variety.LOL @ "non-Lannister variety". But I've had the same thought - maybe he will join in on Davos and Shireen's learning to read seesions like Edric in the book.
1911	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	Why wouldn't the Brotherhood tell her who Arya is? If they'd be willing to defer to her because she's a priestess and let her have Gendry why wouldn't they tell her also that they have Arya Stark in case she thinks R'hllor needs her too?They swore to the same R'hollor to take her to her mother and Stannis is no friend to the Starks. But I get ya. It is sort of weak. That is why I had assumed that this scene was going to happen after Arya got nicked by the Hound.
1912	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-10	They swore to the same R'hollor to take her to her mother and Stannis is no friend to the Starks.But I get ya. It is sort of weak. That is why I had assumed that this scene was going to happen after Arya got nicked by the Hound.I suppose that if R'hllor wanted Arya, he would have shown it to Mel. But she was sent to the BwB only to get Gendry; Beric saying "By the way, we also have Arya Stark, should you need her" sounds supermarketish (made up word) to me. Mel was sent there by R'hllor to seize Gendry, they gave her Gendry. Why give her Arya? What for? She didn't ask for her, nor for Starks in general. Only for Gendry.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 10 May 2013 - 11:48 AM.
1913	Dark_Sister	2013-05-10	And the Starks will probably pay more for her than Mel
1914	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	I haven't read through all the past posts so I apologise if this has already come up, but:On the Theon thread people were speculating about what would happen with fArya and real Arya now that Mel has met her.Only, when I watched that scene, I didn't get any indication that she knew who Arya was. And given Mel's tendency to misread her visions, I could easily see 'we will meet again' applying either to fArya or to something that happens much further down the line, as in post-ADWD. Why are people so sure Mel knew she was meeting Arya? It's totally possible I missed something, which is why I'm asking.You're absolutely right.  Nobody mentions Arya's name, so there's no conflict with Mel seeing fArya later, though I truly doubt the show will bother with the second fake Arya anyway (grey girl on horseback - Karstark).  Not to mention "Arya" Bolton, nAe Jeyne Poole was only shown at Winterfell in S1 and never named.
1915	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-11	I haven't read through all the past posts so I apologise if this has already come up, but:On the Theon thread people were speculating about what would happen with fArya and real Arya now that Mel has met her.Only, when I watched that scene, I didn't get any indication that she knew who Arya was. And given Mel's tendency to misread her visions, I could easily see 'we will meet again' applying either to fArya or to something that happens much further down the line, as in post-ADWD. Why are people so sure Mel knew she was meeting Arya? It's totally possible I missed something, which is why I'm asking.Melisandre doesn't know who Arya is, the Brotherhood thinks they only have to reach Riverrun to return her to her family. Beric respected Arya's father and wants to return her to her family.You aren't missing anything, people saying that this conflicts with Mel's possible future outcome are missing things( I am included in that).but it's about time that the power of R'hollor and seeing visions in fires is again shown to "not always be right"You're absolutely right.  Nobody mentions Arya's name, so there's no conflict with Mel seeing fArya later, though I truly doubt the show will bother with the second fake Arya anyway (grey girl on horseback - Karstark).  Not to mention "Arya" Bolton, nAe Jeyne Poole was only shown at Winterfell in S1 and never named.Jeyne Poole was mentioned at least once, in the scene between Sansa and Septa Mordane in the throne room. Sansa says something about Jeyne Poole's mom having "all girls" no boys.
1916	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Melisandre doesn't know who Arya is, the Brotherhood thinks they only have to reach Riverrun to return her to her family. Beric respected Arya's father and wants to return her to her family.You aren't missing anything, people saying that this conflicts with Mel's possible future outcome are missing things( I am included in that).but it's about time that the power of R'hollor and seeing visions in fires is again shown to "not always be right"Jeyne Poole was mentioned at least once, in the scene between Sansa and Septa Mordane in the throne room. Sansa says something about Jeyne Poole's mom having "all girls" no boys.I remember that. Did show Jeyne make it to King's Landing, though?
1917	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-11	I remember that. Did show Jeyne make it to King's Landing, though?It's never explicitly stated. Luwin tells Catelyn that Jeyne Poole's father went to KL with Eddard Stark. My best guess is that Jeyne would go with her dad but we never hear about it in the show. I suppose if Jeyne was left in Winterfell then Ramsey could've taken her hostage to the Dreadfort and then Bolton's might try to make her become "Arya" all on their own.I suppose the idea could be hatched by Roose and Tywin...Roose: "So you cannot find Arya anywhere? I think I have an idea, there's a girl from Winterfell we have as a guest at the Dreadfort that kinda looks like Arya, we'll force her to assume Arya's identity and marry her to my bastard to help secure the North for the crown."Tywin: "That sounds good like a good plan, we'll send an envoy with a fake "Arya" from KL so that it will look like we gave her to you. Once the fake reaches you switch her with the girl that you have."
1918	PrinceWhoWasPromised	2013-05-11	I personally think Gendry will be used as a substitude for Edric in order to obtain blood for the leeches and three false kings business. But didn't Mel promise Stannis and Selyse a son? Is it poosible that she wants Gendry for that purpose? I mean Stannis is Gendry's uncle! And we know from Stannis offer to a certain bastard that the bastardship label can be lifted by a king's order. Imagine the possibilities of having Gendry as a prince contender to the Iron throne. It'd make it much interesting relationship between Arya and Gendry now that they both are royalty.
					
					
							Edited by PrinceWhoWasPromised, 11 May 2013 - 07:43 PM.
1919	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-12	I personally think Gendry will be used as a substitude for Edric in order to obtain blood for the leeches and three false kings business. But didn't Mel promise Stannis and Selyse a son? Is it poosible that she wants Gendry for that purpose? I mean Stannis is Gendry's uncle! And we know from Stannis offer to a certain bastard that the bastardship label can be lifted by a king's order. Imagine the possibilities of having Gendry as a prince contender to the Iron throne. It'd make it much interesting relationship between Arya and Gendry now that they both are royalty.You really haven't seen how much Stannis detests bastards and his older brother that didn't love him have you?Do you really think Stannis wants his brother's bastard contending for the Throne against his daughter's claim? There's honestly not any way that I see this happening. Stannis made the offer to 
	Spoiler  Jon Snow
 because he had no other option. He tried to use him, it wasn't for his own good.
1920	Keep Shelly in Athens	2013-05-12	I guess 2 bags of gold is worth more than a highly trained smith who can make/repair weapons, armor, and arrowheads. I thought that, other than food, they will probably need to spend the money Mel gave them on a highly trained smith who can make/repair weapons...
1921	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-12	I guess 2 bags of gold is worth more than a highly trained smith who can make/repair weapons, armor, and arrowheads. I thought that, other than food, they will probably need to spend the money Mel gave them on a highly trained smith who can make/repair weapons...I don't know how to be clearer: they gave him up because R'hllor asked for him.
1922	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	I guess 2 bags of gold is worth more than a highly trained smith who can make/repair weapons, armor, and arrowheads. I thought that, other than food, they will probably need to spend the money Mel gave them on a highly trained smith who can make/repair weapons...My problem with the gold is: Where the hell did Stannis get all that gold from? And if he has so much gold why not hire sellswords? And why doesn't he have any problem with giving gold to outlaws, who he hates? (well I guess this one is excusable since he didn't know where Mel was going) but I am expecting him to not like the idea when Mel tells him (if she tells him of course).
1923	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-12	My problem with the gold is: Where the hell did Stannis get all that gold from? And if he has so much gold why not hire sellswords? And why doesn't he have any problem with giving gold to outlaws, who he hates? (well I guess this one is excusable since he didn't know where Mel was going) but I am expecting him to not like the idea when Mel tells him (if she tells him of course).Who says Melisandre didn't bring money with her when she left Asshai?
1924	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	Who says Melisandre didn't bring money with her when she left Asshai?Yeah.. and keep it all this time and not give it to Stannis who is Azor Ahai Reborn (according to her) and her King and ? Ok.......
1925	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-12	Yeah.. and keep it all this time and not give it to Stannis who is Azor Ahai Reborn (according to her) and her King and ? Ok.......Well they haven't really stressed that Stannis is pretty much broke in the show. And I doubt she would give every last bit of money she has to him. It could be what's left after she gave money to him. It's really not as unlikely as you seem to think it is
1926	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	Well they haven't really stressed that Stannis is pretty much broke in the show. And I doubt she would give every last bit of money she has to him. It could be what's left after she gave money to him. It's really not as unlikely as you seem to think it isFair enough, but just because they haven't stated that Stannis is broke in the show.
1927	PrinceWhoWasPromised	2013-05-25	You really haven't seen how much Stannis detests bastards and his older brother that didn't love him have you?Do you really think Stannis wants his brother's bastard contending for the Throne against his daughter's claim? There's honestly not any way that I see this happening. Stannis made the offer to 
	Spoiler  Jon Snow
 because he had no other option. He tried to use him, it wasn't for his own good.Fair enough! But I did say I think he's gonna replace Edric. The rest were just after thoughts and you know, in the show, things can change.
1928	josher92	2013-05-25	I haven't gone through every post, but has anyone on here noticed yet that by showing Melisandre meeting with Beric and seeing that he has the ability to bring people back to life, this clearly shows that Jon WILL be brought back by Melisandre? i.e. another spoiler from this episode. And, in my opinion, it is a spoiler for a future book, telling us that Arya will indeed meetup with her and Jon later, or even that she might kill Melisandre as a faceless man.
1929	archer501	2013-06-08	Was Gendry actually making a pass at Arya when she said that she could be his family and he replied "you wouldn't be my family, you'd be my lady." That seemed somewhat suggestive but because of their huge age difference, it didn't sit well with me. I know most of the younger characters are supposed to be teenagers and the actors are obviously much older but still...I don't know, I sort of cringed when Gendry said that. [i think this happened in this episode but i'm not 100% sure. apologies if i placed in the wrong thread.]
1930	ebevan91	2013-06-08	I just thought about something.
There's an Edric Dayne, right?
Maybe Gendry was used instead of Edric Storm to prevent confusing between the 2 Edrics?
1931	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-27	Well, I doubt they'll film in Venice. Croatia is sometimes used as a stand-in for Venice. Or at least it was in a doctor who episode. It was convincing enough if you've never been to Italy. But they have a bigger budget than Doctor Who (doesn't everyone? lol)I found this thread just so I could gloat about this  http://winteriscomin...atia-confirmed/It could be somewhere other than Braavos, but whatever /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1932	Winters	2013-06-27	I rather like the change, it's probably easier for the Unsullied to follow.
1933	Rosey	2013-07-11	Mel and Arya will meet again because I think Mel is one of the people Arya will kill. In this ep. she said three different sets of eyes and I think one is Mel's. One is Cersei's IMO. The other I am not sure. How the books play it out might be different then the TV show. 
The Red God is something to pay more attention too especially when Stannis gets to the ice because it is the followers of the Red God who think their mighty battle is with the ice/dark/white walkers. Who actually is good and who is evil is really yet to be announced. I think Mel is evil and have some hidden agenda up in the ice. The next book will hopefully answer more of these questions. GRRM said the book is going to take us in depth of what/who lies beyond the Wall and how actually big the land of ice is. #cantwait
1934	Ben Blackfysh	2013-08-01	Mel and Arya will meet again because I think Mel is one of the people Arya will kill. In this ep. she said three different sets of eyes and I think one is Mel's. One is Cersei's IMO. The other I am not sure. How the books play it out might be different then the TV show.The Red God is something to pay more attention too especially when Stannis gets to the ice because it is the followers of the Red God who think their mighty battle is with the ice/dark/white walkers. Who actually is good and who is evil is really yet to be announced. I think Mel is evil and have some hidden agenda up in the ice. The next book will hopefully answer more of these questions. GRRM said the book is going to take us in depth of what/who lies beyond the Wall and how actually big the land of ice is. #cantwaitI'm fairly certain the "eyes" she mentioned are referring to the different faces she will "put on" rather than who she will kill. No doubt she will kill one or more important characters though; she's already killed several, and she hasn't even finished her training yet.
1935	The Bear With Yellow Hair	2013-08-23	Mayhaps Arya will run into Melissandre at Saltpans? If not then, then I think it will be very late in the 7th book when they meet again. Or maybe this is one of the times where Melissandre is wrong about something. We know that this can happen. I don't see an issue with Gendry reuniting with the Brotherhood once he finds them again.
1936	yomi	2013-08-26	Hm... I didn't like the change so much, as it makes the BwB much less sympathic, but it makes things easier, as it eliminates the need to introduce more of Robb's bastards.Was Gendry actually making a pass at Arya when she said that she could be his family and he replied "you wouldn't be my family, you'd be my lady." That seemed somewhat suggestive but because of their huge age difference, it didn't sit well with me. I know most of the younger characters are supposed to be teenagers and the actors are obviously much older but still...I don't know, I sort of cringed when Gendry said that.[i think this happened in this episode but i'm not 100% sure. apologies if i placed in the wrong thread.]He wasn't meaking a pass, he used "lady" not in the meaning of "lady love" but as "female of a higher station".I just thought about something.There's an Edric Dayne, right?Maybe Gendry was used instead of Edric Storm to prevent confusing between the 2 Edrics?I doubt it, as Edric Dayne hasn_t been introduced.
1937	Faithmemory	2014-02-08	I'm fine with the changes. I think that changes on the show is a great thing and are important. The changes can be clues as to what might happen on the future books, especially if GRRM was the writer of the episode. He means it.
1938	WiDMNDBAMMD	2014-02-09	I haven't gone through every post, but has anyone on here noticed yet that by showing Melisandre meeting with Beric and seeing that he has the ability to bring people back to life, this clearly shows that Jon WILL be brought back by Melisandre? i.e. another spoiler from this episode. And, in my opinion, it is a spoiler for a future book, telling us that Arya will indeed meetup with her and Jon later, or even that she might kill Melisandre as a faceless man.



No it's not clearly showing that Mel resurrects Jon. If we see Melisandre herself bring someone back to life then we can say it's "forshadowing" a possible resurrection with Jon.

and I don't think we can assume that Arya and Melisandre will meet again or that they will meet at all in the books. Mel met/is going to meet two young ladies while at the Wall. One she believed was Arya(Alys Karstark) and the other one is 'Arya Stark'(Jeyne Poole). While the real Arya is on another continent trying to server her ties with her identity altogether. We do know that if she returns to Westeros on her own terms then the place she wants to go most of all is: the Wall. She wants to see Jon again and already thought about leaving Braavos at least once for the Wall. That is where Melisandre currently is so...

If Mel could see the fact that Arya is going to kill her don't you think she'd put a stop to it at this moment? She didn't let the maester kill her or Davos or anyone.

I stand by what I've said many times before. The point of having Arya and Melisandre meet is to clearly show that Melisandre is not completely ultimately all powerful. Which will become obvious when she mistakes Alys or Jeyne or whoever for Arya later on, or when she just tells Jon that she'll look for his sister in the flames or whatever they end up doing. Unsullied at this point that are halfway paying attention will say "hey wait a minute didn't Melisandre already meet Arya"?
1939	King of the Friendzone	2014-03-15	Lately, I've thought a lot about the possibility of Tyrion being a Targaryen, and during my GoT S03 rewatch I just came across Melisandre's comment:




"I see a darkness in you, and in that darkness, eyes staring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes: eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again."

For some reason, it made me think of Daenerys, Jon, and Tyrion. What are your thoughts on this?
1940	teemo	2013-05-05	Love the pink dress on Brienne /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Great scene and I think Michael McElhatton is really underrated...he's a perfect Roose.  The low voice, the cold eyes....everything.  I wish we could see some leeches, but oh well.  This is also by far the most lines Roose has ever had in one episode, and not to mention -Double Bolton!You think next week we'll get the "tell Robb Stark I send my regards" line?  
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 08:35 AM.
1941	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Yeah this was the first time I noticed that his voice is a pretty good fit. I think a lot of us were expecting him to constantly whisper or have a weak voice or something. It's one of those things where different things work better for different media. He still speaks pretty quietly but its more in the style of Tywin Lannister, where his voice is very even and calm and low. I also liked that they are showing how self preserving he is. And the prominence of the sigil in the background was wonderful
1942	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Should of been longer
1943	NickTargaryen	2013-05-06	Jaime better tell Roose that line next episode.
By the old gods and the new, if he doesn't....
1944	Bastard Walder	2013-05-06	Why does he seem 20 years younger this season than he did in Season 2?
1945	go joff go	2013-05-06	I liked what was there but it felt short and I feel like his impact is going to be lessened if we don't start gettnig characteization from him soon.
1946	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Why does he seem 20 years younger this season than he did in Season 2?Qyburn and his leeches, duh
1947	Florent Vixen	2013-05-06	It was my favorite scene in this episode I just
wish it had been longer. And the guy playing 
Roose is very very good. The regards line was
said as Jaime was leaving so I'm hoping we'll
still get it.
1948	No true knight	2013-05-06	I have a hard time not thinking of him as Kevin Spacey.
1949	Dysun	2013-05-06	Send my regards ROOSE!!
1950	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	His voice gets a 10/10.
1951	Ramsay Blow	2013-05-06	The scene was way too short. Was really excited to see this scene in the preview for this episode last week, kind of disappointing.
1952	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	Way too short - this scene should have been used to establish Roose in full. But it was good
1953	Belisarius09	2013-05-06	"watching me fail at dinner."  Bahahaha NCW needs an emmy
1954	Pepi	2013-05-06	Great scene and I think Ian McElhinney is really underrated...he's a perfect Roose.Yep ... Except that he isn't Roose. He's Barristan. Michael McElhatton is Roose. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1955	Peptalk	2013-05-06	Loved that scene! It was much too short and I was also disappointed that it wasn't longer. But as always, any scene with Jaime and Brienne is wonderful and memorable, and I really think McElhatton makes a fantastic Roose.
1956	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	The "I must insist" from Jaime sets up next week quite nicely.
1957	thegreatwhitebear	2013-05-06	Loved the haven't you learned anything after losing your hand line that roose says to jaime after he starts talking about daddy. Made me laugh, total roose, such a calm, thinly veiled threat without batting an eye while staying completely civil.
1958	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	"I would have thought you'd have learned your lesson about overplaying your...position". Fucking love it.
1959	Peptalk	2013-05-06	Loved the haven't you learned anything after losing your hand line that roose says to jaime after he starts talking about daddy. Made me laugh, total roose, such a calm, thinly veiled threat without batting an eye while staying completely civil."I would have thought you'd have learned your lesson about overplaying your...position". Fucking love it.Me too!
1960	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-05-06	I just re-watched the dinner scene and looked closer at Roose's eyes. I didn't quite notice the mismatch between McElhiney's polite words to Jaimie and Brienne (until the last line) and his really unsettling eyes when I watched it for the first time. In his last line, Roose threatens Jamie fairly bluntly but if you look at his eyes, you see that message was there all along - there's a part of Roose Bolton who would love to humiliate Jamie in a very brutal way, and his eyes give it away right from the first moments.
1961	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	Right guys, firstly it's Michael McElhatton as Roose.  Ian McElhinney is Barristan..
And then I thought they should have spent longer on this scene.  There were lots of lines that could have been included like 'Lannister enmity means little to Bolton', and they didn't do a lot with the levels of understanding, Jaime and Roose being on the same plane with Brienne out of her depth.
MM and NCW are great together on screen and they could have milked it.
1962	Grandpa House	2013-05-06	I remember thinking before/at the beginning of this season "they should have made Roose more of a distinct character! The creepiness, the voice." Well starting last week in ep. 5 I have definitely started to eat my words. Well done, writers. Perfect Roose.
1963	Necromancer	2013-05-06	I agree. While the casting in general has been pretty solid, I think McElhatton is one of the best ones. I'm a big fan of his work and really don't think he gets enough credit, since he captures the spirit and vibe of Bolton perfectly.For anyone who's interested, he's also great at comedy:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=FBV8P-1xHss
1964	Connor Snow	2013-05-06	All hail Roose Bolton, he killed it this week (and NCW as always)
1965	lannistergold	2013-05-06	"I would have thought you'd have learned your lesson about overplaying your...position". Fucking love it.Best line, lol.Am I only one who has a thing for TV!Brienne? She scrubs up well, unlike her book counterpart.
1966	The Flaying Man	2013-05-06	As many have said, I thought the scene was great, wonderfully acted and the undertones were very detectable if you know what to look for. McElhatton just gets better and better, doesn't he? However, I did think the scene was too short, they could have taken away some time from the son and given it to the father.
I also wish that the sequence of Roose and Jaime departing from Harrenhal was in this episode, rather than postponed until next episode. It might have had a better flow if the dinner conversation finished, and then cut to outside where the "regards" exchange takes place.
1967	mafalda	2013-05-06	The only complaint I have about this scene is that it was way too short. That's only because I can stare at this man and listen to him talk all day. Those creepy up close side shots of him while he was talking were brilliant. Did he even blink? His eyes are unnatural. I slipped to my unsullied bf and told him that Roose is my favorite villain, and he asked why...  me and my big mouth.. 
As long as we are on the topic of Boltons, am I the only one who does not like the guy who plays Ramsay? Maybe I'm just mad because I REALLY wanted cillian murphy to play the part, but I'm not digging Iwan. I know that his cruelness is supposed to be over the top, but he's overplaying the psychotic thing.. I don't know, it's hard to describe. It's not his actions, it's his demeanor and the way he talks.
And yeah, his voice does not compare to his dad's. It's very school boy-ish.
1968	coco lionne	2013-05-06	And then I thought they should have spent longer on this scene.  There were lots of lines that could have been included like 'Lannister enmity means little to Bolton', and they didn't do a lot with the levels of understanding, Jaime and Roose being on the same plane with Brienne out of her depth.MM and NCW are great together on screen and they could have milked it.Completely agree. As always, I think the acting is stellar...but when the scene ended, I said - that's IT??? I just couldn't help being underwhelmed. But I suppose that means MM and NCW are doing their job well, if they always leave us wanting more!
1969	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	I agree that the scene was way too short.
But, really, any episode without 10 mins of Roose will be too short.
1970	Queen of Whores	2013-05-06	As long as we are on the topic of Boltons, am I the only one who does not like the guy who plays Ramsay? Maybe I'm just mad because I REALLY wanted cillian murphy to play the part, but I'm not digging Iwan. I know that his cruelness is supposed to be over the top, but he's overplaying the psychotic thing.. I don't know, it's hard to describe. It's not his actions, it's his demeanor and the way he talks.And yeah, his voice does not compare to his dad's. It's very school boy-ish.I completely agree. Every time Ramsay was on-page (?) in the book I was literally nearly afraid myself, but I really don't get that impression from the show. If he had have kept his voice like the 'happy ending' line the whole time, I wouldn't have minded, but I found him too loud and... humorous? Not in the completely over-the-top evil troll way of the book, but like I can't take him seriously. Every time Ramsay was present in the books, everyone can agree that you took him damn seriously. Roose is perfect though, so an alright trade. I'd rather they screw up Ramsay than Roose anyway, who is my favorite character in the series, not just including villians.
1971	Sun and Moon	2013-05-06	I agree. While the casting in general has been pretty solid, I think McElhatton is one of the best ones. I'm a big fan of his work and really don't think he gets enough credit, since he captures the spirit and vibe of Bolton perfectly.For anyone who's interested, he's also great at comedy:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=FBV8P-1xHssWell worth a watch. I don't know about anyone else, but I find it hard to credit that I'm watching the same person. Superb actor.I thought the scene was passable, Roose coming off really really well. I did think Jaime, and Brienne were let down by the script somewhat. So many opportunities missed. But I'm not going to overly bitch.I did miss the prunes though; I suspected after last weeks conversation between Tyrion and QOT's, that perhaps they'd go AWOL. No prunes and no leeches<U+0080><U+0094>what is Westeros coming to?
1972	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-05-06	Loved this scene and everything about it, but as others have noted it was too short and felt a little rushed. 
Jaime will most certainly send his regards next week.  D&D are RW junkies so there's no way they're passing up that opportunity.
1973	DrRobotnik	2013-05-06	They definitely need more Roose Bolton scenes.
Depending on what happens in WoW, he could turn out to be the main villain of the series.
1974	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	Jaime will most certainly send his regards next week.  D&D are RW junkies so there's no way they're passing up that opportunity.I hadn't even noticed that omission. Gods. You may slay me under your roof; leaving out that line entirely I cannot forgive.Good scene though. Lovin' Brienne's perdy dress. Shame it's about to get all torn and bloody.
1975	JMJ	2013-05-06	Loved the meat prop:
- First, of course, was Jaime struggling to cut it with his one hand, then finally Brienne getting annoyed enough to help him. The Brienne part I don't recall in the books, but I thought it was hilarious
- Then, the "reprisal" when Roose reveals he is keeping Brienne but letting Jaime go, chastising him for pulling his "position" card again. I loved how Jaime came back and held Brienne's hand as she instincively clenched her steak knife.
This to me was an example of how the show can really add to the original material and make it even better.
1976	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	This to me was an example of how the show can really add to the original material and make it even better.Yep, there were quite a few little things this episode. I am just waiting for the Positive Nitpick thread to appear.
1977	Iotun	2013-05-06	I actually didn't like that Roose was lightly mocking Jaime, even though some people seem to have enjoyed his lines. Roose should be more cautious, he knows after all what the wrath of Tywin Lannister could mean for him and his house. In the books Roose has a rather elaborate dialogue with Jaime in order to get his assurances that he will not be blamed for the maiming, I understand that the show can't show that, but I'd have like if they shows Roose to be a bit more calculating.
As for the 'Give Robb Stark my regards' line, if it is in the series, then it has to be in the scene where Jaime leaves the castle, not during the dinner scene. It is in essence a 'farewell' line, and I hope it stays in the series.
1978	mafalda	2013-05-06	I completely agree. Every time Ramsay was on-page (?) in the book I was literally nearly afraid myself, but I really don't get that impression from the show. If he had have kept his voice like the 'happy ending' line the whole time, I wouldn't have minded, but I found him too loud and... humorous? Not in the completely over-the-top evil troll way of the book, but like I can't take him seriously. Every time Ramsay was present in the books, everyone can agree that you took him damn seriously. Roose is perfect though, so an alright trade. I'd rather they screw up Ramsay than Roose anyway, who is my favorite character in the series, not just including villians.Thank you! After I posted that comment, I totally expected for everyone to rip me apart on here, so I'm glad I'm not the only one. But yeah, like you said as long as they have Papa Bolton down (which they do, perfectly!) then that's all I can ask for as far as Boltons are concerned.
1979	Winter's Prince	2013-05-06	He takes no sips before seeing someone else drink, classic Roose.
1980	Winter's Prince	2013-05-06	Hate him in the book but love him onscreen
1981	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	Thought the scene could have been longer. 
They need to use Roose more. He is the most terrifying character in GoT.
BRILLIANT
1982	GameofThronesFTW	2013-05-06	George RR Martin wrote the next episode, so blame him if we don't get the line.
1983	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-05-06	I really liked how as soon as we see Brienne fork Jaime's meat for him, they cut to McElhatton and we can see that faint smirk on Roose's face.
Like he sees the sentiment, makes note of the exploitable weakness it presents, and files it away for later use.  A very Roose thing to do.
And yes, as usual my only complaint about the Roose scene this week is that it wasn't long enough.  It never is /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
EDIT: I was slightly disappointed we didn't get a "I will take you at your word, Ser" from Bolton followed by a double-take from Jaime.  I've always liked that little bit: Jaime is so taken aback by someone actually giving him the benefit of the doubt for once.  They could work it in next week I guess.  Fingers crossed /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Sweet-N-SourRobin, 06 May 2013 - 04:52 PM.
1984	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-06	Does anyone know why Roose denied the wine when Jaimie wanted to raise glasses for a toast? He said something like, "I don't partake.." and then Jaime remarked on how people would find that weird...Thought it was an odd little thing to fit into an already short scene. 
At first i thought he might just be doing it as a precaution incase it's poison, but that didn't make sense because he's the one in charge there, so  I'd figure he'd think he's safe..Am I forgetting something from the books?
1985	The Flaying Man	2013-05-06	Double post
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 06 May 2013 - 05:21 PM.
1986	The Flaying Man	2013-05-06	Does anyone know why Roose denied the wine when Jaimie wanted to raise glasses for a toast? He said something like, "I don't partake.." and then Jaime remarked on how people would find that weird...Thought it was an odd little thing to fit into an already short scene.At first i thought he might just be doing it as a precaution incase it's poison, but that didn't make sense because he's the one in charge there, so  I'd figure he'd think he's safe..Am I forgetting something from the books?Roose is obsessed with hygiene in the books and as part of that, doesn't drink normal wine. Instead he drinks hippocras, which is a sort of medicinal wine. I thought Roose's refusal, and Jaime's reaction, were nice additions to the otherwise too short scene!
1987	Conchobar	2013-05-06	I agree. While the casting in general has been pretty solid, I think McElhatton is one of the best ones. I'm a big fan of his work and really don't think he gets enough credit, since he captures the spirit and vibe of Bolton perfectly.For anyone who's interested, he's also great at comedy:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=FBV8P-1xHssIf you like Roose in that, then you will love him in this.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=adv4XGIhlzohttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=r4U8AefMBXMThat is also a funny video because he looks scarily like Iwan as a younger man!
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 06 May 2013 - 05:28 PM.
1988	jarl the climber	2013-05-06	Does anyone know why Roose denied the wine when Jaimie wanted to raise glasses for a toast? He said something like, "I don't partake.." and then Jaime remarked on how people would find that weird...Thought it was an odd little thing to fit into an already short scene.At first i thought he might just be doing it as a precaution incase it's poison, but that didn't make sense because he's the one in charge there, so  I'd figure he'd think he's safe..Am I forgetting something from the books?I guess that we can infer that Roose in the TV show is a teetotaler. He was fond of Hippocras in the books but he never seemed to drink to excess.
1989	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	He is a wonderful Roose.
1990	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-05-06	I liked the scene very much (is that squirrel fur on Brienne's dress??), but I did miss the Roose "explanation" to Jaime about why his hand was cut off. I guess it wouldn't work now, though, since Locke's motivation was not the same as Vargo's. It's a lot more simplistic (basically, "this was your fault, Jaime, for being so high and mighty about who your daddy is!") rather than a far more complex positioning within the shifting alliances of the players.
1991	The Flaying Man	2013-05-06	If you like Roose in that, then you will love him in this.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=adv4XGIhlzohttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=r4U8AefMBXMThat is also a funny video because he looks scarily like Iwan as a younger man!If you like those, you'll love these outtakes!http://www.youtube.c...h?v=EPRQEflFd8U
1992	Conchobar	2013-05-06	If you like those, you'll love these outtakes!http://www.youtube.c...h?v=EPRQEflFd8UBy the way! I have watched it with most of my friends and family, and they all say he has a neutral irish accent, not an english accent on the show. I think though, it might just be a neutral British Isles/ Irish accent. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 06 May 2013 - 05:47 PM.
1993	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	Roose is about 100x more likeable than Robb in the show.  This is a bit of a problem for the Unsullied to get the full impact.  I know I'll be cheering the Red Wedding.
					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 06 May 2013 - 06:20 PM.
1994	juanml82	2013-05-06	I liked the scene very much (is that squirrel fur on Brienne's dress??), but I did miss the Roose "explanation" to Jaime about why his hand was cut off. I guess it wouldn't work now, though, since Locke's motivation was not the same as Vargo's. It's a lot more simplistic (basically, "this was your fault, Jaime, for being so high and mighty about who your daddy is!") rather than a far more complex positioning within the shifting alliances of the players.And of course, Jaime might just tell his father "Roose Bolton's men did this. Let's hunt them down all the way to the Dreadfort and beyond"
1995	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Did anyone's non reader friends catch that Roose was reminding her that letting Jaime go was treason....and then agreed to let Jaime go? Pretty huge hint hiding under his cool exterior.
1996	Greyjoy67	2013-05-06	By the way! I have watched it with most of my friends and family, and they all say he has a neutral irish accent, not an english accent on the show. I think though, it might just be a neutral British Isles/ Irish accent. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />A neutral British isles/Irish accent. There's no such thing.... Accents are ridiculously diverse here, and that's represented in the show to some extent.
1997	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I also think they're going to use next episode to make a better mention of guest right. Jaime and Brienne might be talking and he'll tell her that she should be safe while she's there and that they can't harm her because of this scene. Leading to lockes comment that they'll take good care of her.
1998	shiola	2013-05-06	Yep, there were quite a few little things this episode. I am just waiting for the Positive Nitpick thread to appear.I made it, but it hasn't been approved....?  I'll try again.
1999	Freebird6699	2013-05-06	Does anyone know why Roose denied the wine when Jaimie wanted to raise glasses for a toast? He said something like, "I don't partake.." and then Jaime remarked on how people would find that weird...Thought it was an odd little thing to fit into an already short scene.At first i thought he might just be doing it as a precaution incase it's poison, but that didn't make sense because he's the one in charge there, so  I'd figure he'd think he's safe..Am I forgetting something from the books?I think he only drinks Hippocrass tea.
2000	Head of The Ned	2013-05-06	Roose is awesome.
I like how when offered wine by Jaime he said "I don't partake" something along those lines.
2001	Mr Smith	2013-05-06	This scene was something of a disappointment for me. I really hoped we'd get to see more of who and what Roose is; the Fat Walda story would have been good. From a non book reader perspective, I wonder how this scene went down, as they probably were 100% sure Roose was Robb's man until now.
2002	Nezzer	2013-05-06	This scene was something of a disappointment for me. I really hoped we'd get to see more of who and what Roose is; the Fat Walda story would have been good. From a non book reader perspective, I wonder how this scene went down, as they probably were 100% sure Roose was Robb's man until now.Well, most non-readers I've seen in the internet thought that Roose was betraying Robb by releasing Jaime, so they are getting it right. I think that if he mentioned Fat Walda is now his wife they would already think the freys are also going to betray Robb. Better to keep Bolton and Frey unrelated until the RW. But I also had higher expectations for this scene. The dialogue was incredible, but the scene was too short, that's all.
2003	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Well, most non-readers I've seen in the internet thought that Roose was betraying Robb by releasing Jaime, so they are getting it right. I think that if he mentioned Fat Walda is now his wife they would already think the freys are also going to betray Robb. Better to keep Bolton and Frey unrelated until the RW. But I also had higher expectations for this scene. The dialogue was incredible, but the scene was too short, that's all.Most of the ones I've seen just see it as Roose hedging his bets. They think he's just covering both sides of his ass for when this war is over.That's of course not considering the ones that have noticed the sigil/Theon similarity.
2004	callmedodge	2013-05-07	Does anyone know why Roose denied the wine when Jaimie wanted to raise glasses for a toast? He said something like, "I don't partake.." and then Jaime remarked on how people would find that weird...Thought it was an odd little thing to fit into an already short scene.At first i thought he might just be doing it as a precaution incase it's poison, but that didn't make sense because he's the one in charge there, so  I'd figure he'd think he's safe..Am I forgetting something from the books?Just that he doesn`t drink.Jaime`s line is merely pointing out that Roose not drinking could be construed as him poisoning the wine and as such, any "normal" person would be suspicious around him while he`s host if he doesn`t drink his own wares. Thought it was pretty self explanatory. Guess not.Roose is a fucking legend though. I hope he`s featured much more prominently in the next few episodes.
2005	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	I liked this scene. Roose was perfect,calm and cool but menacing underneath. When I first saw the actor in the last season I was disappointed, but I was totally wrong. He is a great choice.
2006	Garlan Marius	2013-05-07	Book Roose drinks hippocras, but making him a teetotaler works too for a strange trait.
2007	The Bear	2013-05-07	"I would have thought you'd have learned your lesson about overplaying your...position". Fucking love it.I totally wanted to applaud that line. Brilliant shit. The scenes with Jaime and Brienne this season have been incredible so far and Roose was absolutely perfect.
2008	Sniraga	2013-05-07	I'm joining the Roose Bolton lovefest
Michael McElhatton is definitely giving a great performance. I especially love how completely at ease he is with his villainous ways - he doesn't look like he's trying to be cool, he just is (this sadly is something of an issue with NCW's portrayal of Jaime, IMO, and it became quite clear in this particular scene). I don't remember how humorous Roose was in the novels, but I like show Roose's sense of humour and his deadpan delivery. He's fast becoming one of my favourite (side) characters, which is great, because in the books I didn't pay him much attention... he was merely that slightly creepy turncloak and the father of the most despicable son ever.
2009	TheDarkOne	2013-05-07	The best thing from this season has been Roose Bolton. When he sends Jamie's regards to Robb, it's going to be a stand up and cheer moment for sure. Probably the coolest moment of this season, i can't wait.
2010	The Fourth Head	2013-05-07	The inflections in Roose' voice is wonderful. I loved the way he delivered the line "perhaps the safest thing to do is to kill you both and burn your bodies..." the sheer ruthlessness of the idea was brilliantly veiled behind his mild tone,  yet the way he savoured the final word "bodies" sounded to me like a hint of ecstasy surfacing just as the sentence tailed off...
2011	Dove	2013-05-07	My only possible complaint is that this scene was too short. Jaime and Brienne were wonderful together as usual, and I probably can't say anything about Roose that hasn't been said already.
McElhatton's delivery is just perfect, and he looks and acts exactly how I always pictured the character. Can't wait for more stuff from him.
2012	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	I just re-watched the dinner scene and looked closer at Roose's eyes. I didn't quite notice the mismatch between McElhiney's polite words to Jaimie and Brienne (until the last line) and his really unsettling eyes when I watched it for the first time. In his last line, Roose threatens Jamie fairly bluntly but if you look at his eyes, you see that message was there all along - there's a part of Roose Bolton who would love to humiliate Jamie in a very brutal way, and his eyes give it away right from the first moments.Just like the Captain in How I Met Your Mother! So eloquently demonstrated by Marshall here.http://25.media.tumb...8f82jo1_500.jpg
2013	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	I thought Roose was a fairly weak character in the first two seasons, but now he has definitely come into his own.  His manner at dinner with J and B is exactly how I pictured his being when he sat next to Catelyn at the RW.  I just see him as cold, unemotional (and totally uncaring...uncaring that Ramsey murdered his son, uncaring about Ramsey's torturing adventures).  Didn't he use the leeches primarily to keep his totally cruel nature from taking over (as it was with Ramsey?)  That would leave him cold, unemotional, but with that undercurrent of cruelty just below the surface.I, too, thought the scene should've been longer.  One of my major complaints about all the Ramsey/Theon stuff (besides the fact that it just doesn't belong in the ASOS series) is that it takes away from the scenes that should be included, such as Jaime/Brienne.  I did think maximum use of the scene, though short, was made of the interaction between Jaime and Brienne.  Her reaching over almost angrily to hold his meat in place with her fork, and then especially when she put her hand on the knife beside her plate and Jaime reached over to put his hand over hers, as in "don't be impulsive, now is not the time".About Brienne's pink dress....I guess I'm undecided.  On the one hand, I just hate it, think it looks especially ridiculous on her because of its color, but on the other hand, maybe that's the point.    /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2014	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I liked this scene. Roose was perfect,calm and cool but menacing underneath. When I first saw the actor in the last season I was disappointed, but I was totally wrong. He is a great choice.I think he's always been good, they've never given him enough lines or screen time for him to put together the quiet menace aspect of his character until this episode.
2015	The Fourth Head	2013-05-07	I think he's always been good, they've never given him enough lines or screen time for him to put together the quiet menace aspect of his character until this episode.Keeping a low profile is his MO to allow him the freedom to exploit the Stark's trust. Menace is the last thing Roose wanted to demonstrate in season 2, particularly when all his scenes were with his liege lord. when you have to follow orders, you don't have much menace. There have been clues throughout though- cold, long lingering looks at the dead men in Harrenhal, long looks at Talisa and Robb, the subject of flaying and torture discussed casually- but it just doesn't have the same power when he is trying to keep a low profile.The only trick I think they may have missed is to have a good closeup shot of Robb with Roose filling what little space is left in the background, out of focus, just staring at Robb when the focus of Robbs' attention was elsewhere- like on Cat or someone when receiving bad news. That could have been nicely creepy if shot just so -eyes boring into the back of Robb's head.
2016	Currawong	2013-05-10	About Brienne's pink dress....I guess I'm undecided.  On the one hand, I just hate it, think it looks especially ridiculous on her because of its color, but on the other hand, maybe that's the point. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Take it up with GRRM - pink dress is straight from the book.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />   Yes, I would have liked more time on the dinner scene, but I thought that it was a pretty good condensation of the book one.  Looking forward to seeing more of Roose in future, as his quiet menace is a wonderful performance.
2017	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	Does anyone know why Roose denied the wine when Jaimie wanted to raise glasses for a toast? He said something like, "I don't partake.." and then Jaime remarked on how people would find that weird...Thought it was an odd little thing to fit into an already short scene.At first i thought he might just be doing it as a precaution incase it's poison, but that didn't make sense because he's the one in charge there, so  I'd figure he'd think he's safe..Am I forgetting something from the books?Roose only drank "hippocras", which was alchoholic but considered a healthful digestive.  My guess is rather than explain what the hell that is, D&D decided to make Roose a teetotaller, because he likes to stay cold and in control.
2018	Dead The Poet	2013-05-10	I am loving TV Roose, and the way he underplays his menance. There was a character in classic Dr Who in the atmospheric "Pyramids of Mars" by the name of Sutekh, and that was a wonderful soft toned "evil" voice, and Roose for me comes across in a very similar manner. Too often I think shouting is overused (although Khal Drogo's passionate expression of his vision to take the Seven Kingdom's is a good example of raising your voice) and you can even see the intelligence in his eyes and manner of speaking. Probably has risen to my top three characters already.
2019	Lady Arwen	2013-05-10	You know, I've never been wild about Roose in the books. I know he's got a lot of fans, but I just never grasped his appeal. However, TV Roose is marvelous. MM's voice is truly delightful and he plays Roose with such subtlety. 
I also loved how he kept carefully referring to Robb as "King Robb". I know my Unsullied friends will be surprised when...you know.
2020	go joff go	2013-05-10	On the not partaking in drink, I think it's a nice.nod to not partaking in Manderlys meal of the Freys
2021	Aristofiles	2013-05-11	Loved it. I have always hoped that roose will be able to pick up Tywins torch once his story pans out and i really think he's getting there.  Need more scenes to establish him though.  My wife still has a hard time remembering him at all.
2022	Nezzer	2013-05-11	Loved it. I have always hoped that roose will be able to pick up Tywins torch once his story pans out and i really think he's getting there.  Need more scenes to establish him though.  My wife still has a hard time remembering him at all.He wasn't all that memorable to me until the RW, even with the leeches and Jaime's release. To me he was just another Northern lord, who I believed to be very loyal to Robb. Don't worry, after the RW they will never forget him again. He will always be the guy who killed Robb.
2023	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	I'm excited to see more Roose in the upcoming seasons, but in all honesty, the show will never be able to capture the aura that Roose Bolton has in quite the same way the books do. It's very hard to translate his unnerving presence onto the screen without it coming off as overdone or goofy. The closest thing the TV world has had to Roose Bolton is Gus Fring from Breaking Bad, so hopefully TV Roose heads in the same direction.
2024	SerMudz	2013-05-11	I'm joining the Roose Bolton lovefestMichael McElhatton is definitely giving a great performance. I especially love how completely at ease he is with his villainous ways - he doesn't look like he's trying to be cool, he just is (this sadly is something of an issue with NCW's portrayal of Jaime, IMO, and it became quite clear in this particular scene). I don't remember how humorous Roose was in the novels, but I like show Roose's sense of humour and his deadpan delivery. He's fast becoming one of my favourite (side) characters, which is great, because in the books I didn't pay him much attention... he was merely that slightly creepy turncloak and the father of the most despicable son ever.Problem with NCW's portrayal of Jaime??? What problem? NCW's portrayal of Jaime is amazing! I think he captures the essence of Jaime's personality perfectly.Roose's portrayal is getting alot better..laregly due to the actor getting some decent material to work with. uusally all eh got was a couple of boring lines with Robb/Talisa, but now he's coming into his own. The show Roose still is yet to live up to his book counterpart though purely because he just doesnt get enough dialogue. This was a grea scene in the book, but about 95% of the dialogue was cut from the scene. Also, a scene establishing him as the leech lord would really help make him memorable and recognisable but i doubt that will ever happen.
2025	Lady Grimshaw	2013-12-30	Roose was delicious in the dinner scene.
2026	KoishNoish	2013-05-06	"Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail, never have to try again. The fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb but they refuse, they cling to the realm or the Gods or love, (not sure what he says next but I think he says 'confusions'), only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is."
I found this to be my favorite scene in this episode and it had me shivering from the first line. Of course there's a bit before with Varys but I think this truly unveils how Littlefinger sees the game he's playing and how people ascend into it. I find it interesting that it focuses on the sobbing Sansa when he talks of those refusing to climb, I'm thinking we've got some serious foreshadowing there. As for Ros there's a different thread for her but I'm personally fine with her departure. We've seen how Varys is someone who you don't want to mess with (that scene with the sorcerer from some weeks back) now we get to see Littlefinger's claws and I just want to see more. I'm supposing that last scene where Sansa was watching the boat was certainly him finally leaving for the Eyrie.
Your thoughts on this scene and the monologue? I thought it was superb.
2027	Crow'sEye	2013-11-09	"Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail, never have to try again. The fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb but they refuse, they cling to the realm or the Gods or love, (not sure what he says next but I think he says 'confusions'), only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is."
I found this to be my favorite scene in this episode and it had me shivering from the first line. Of course there's a bit before with Varys but I think this truly unveils how Littlefinger sees the game he's playing and how people ascend into it. I find it interesting that it focuses on the sobbing Sansa when he talks of those refusing to climb, I'm thinking we've got some serious foreshadowing there. As for Ros there's a different thread for her but I'm personally fine with her departure. We've seen how Varys is someone who you don't want to mess with (that scene with the sorcerer from some weeks back) now we get to see Littlefinger's claws and I just want to see more. I'm supposing that last scene where Sansa was watching the boat was certainly him finally leaving for the Eyrie.
Your thoughts on this scene and the monologue? I thought it was superb.


Are there any other monologues as good as that in the series?
2028	Born Sinner	2013-11-10	"Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail, never have to try again. The fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb but they refuse, they cling to the realm or the Gods or love, (not sure what he says next but I think he says 'confusions'), only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is."
I found this to be my favorite scene in this episode and it had me shivering from the first line. Of course there's a bit before with Varys but I think this truly unveils how Littlefinger sees the game he's playing and how people ascend into it. I find it interesting that it focuses on the sobbing Sansa when he talks of those refusing to climb, I'm thinking we've got some serious foreshadowing there. As for Ros there's a different thread for her but I'm personally fine with her departure. We've seen how Varys is someone who you don't want to mess with (that scene with the sorcerer from some weeks back) now we get to see Littlefinger's claws and I just want to see more. I'm supposing that last scene where Sansa was watching the boat was certainly him finally leaving for the Eyrie.
Your thoughts on this scene and the monologue? I thought it was superb.


he says "illusions" meaning that the realm, the gods or love aren't real and only the ladder is.
2029	Matoro	2013-11-29	The best monologue in the show. So epic. Shows masterfully LFs way to think.
2030	Atropis the Elf	2013-11-30	"Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail, never have to try again. The fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb but they refuse, they cling to the realm or the Gods or love, (not sure what he says next but I think he says 'confusions'), only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is."
I found this to be my favorite scene in this episode and it had me shivering from the first line. Of course there's a bit before with Varys but I think this truly unveils how Littlefinger sees the game he's playing and how people ascend into it. I find it interesting that it focuses on the sobbing Sansa when he talks of those refusing to climb, I'm thinking we've got some serious foreshadowing there. As for Ros there's a different thread for her but I'm personally fine with her departure. We've seen how Varys is someone who you don't want to mess with (that scene with the sorcerer from some weeks back) now we get to see Littlefinger's claws and I just want to see more. I'm supposing that last scene where Sansa was watching the boat was certainly him finally leaving for the Eyrie.
Your thoughts on this scene and the monologue? I thought it was superb.


I totally agree with you. Sansa's crying watching the ship and Ros' gruesome death made that monologue very intense. In my view, it also justifies Vary's line about LF "He would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes."
2031	maiden of tarth	2013-12-19	I get that Sansa was crying because she had just found out about her impending marriage to Tyrion, thereby dashing her dreams of being Mrs Loras Tyrell. BUT why was she watching Petyr Baelish sailing away whilst she was crying? I didn't get the relevance.
2032	ambi76	2013-12-20	Because Littlefinger had offered her an escape from KL which she declined because of the betrothal to Loras. Now she wished she had taken it.

					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 20 December 2013 - 06:36 AM.
2033	Le Cygne	2013-12-20	I was looking at the season 3 promo again, a little bit of it was left out (they refuse, illusions) but the timing of the shots, is roughly:

Chaos isn't a pit, chaos is a ladder. (Dany, Tyrion)
Many who try to climb it fail, never get to try again. The fall breaks them. (Sansa, Joffrey, Sandor, Jaime, Cersei)
And some are given a chance to climb, but they refuse. They cling to the realm, or the gods, or love. Illusions. (Arya, Robb, Catelyn, Jon Snow)
Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.

Maybe there's nothing to the order, just thought I'd look...
2034	HairGrowsBack	2013-12-20	Well, each line does fit the characters' situations well enough, except maybe for Jaime, whom I would've put with "but they refuse..."
2035	Le Cygne	2013-12-20	I was thinking the same, and also Sandor, they did sort of climb by joining the Kingsguard. Jaime had to stand by while the queen was beaten, Sandor had to stand by while Sansa was beaten. They both had bad experiences with it. And both walked off the job!

					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 20 December 2013 - 05:42 PM.
2036	Kevin VanNatter	2013-07-22	Loras tells Sansa that he's always dreamed of a big wedding and that his bride would wear a beautiful gown with French sleeves. I'm just wondering where French sleeves are imported from in Westeros since there is no such thing as France.
2037	Lord Elrosir	2013-07-27	I'm pretty sure he said "Fringed", not French.
2038	ebevan91	2013-07-27	It says fringed on the subtitles.
2039	Hour of the Wolf	2013-07-28	I totally heard french sleaves when I watched this for the first time and got so annoyed that the writters could be so out of touch with the domain they are working within. It really gives me relief that they might have wrote fringed instead
2040	David Selig	2013-07-28	Bryan Cogman explained when asked that it was "fringed", he also added "Give us some credit, people" IIRC.
2041	Kevin VanNatter	2013-08-03	Still, the fact that enough people noticed to ask the question makes me feel a little better. I wasn't trying to "catch" them on it... I just thought it was interesting. Although in retrospect, it isn't interesting at all.
2042	aFeastForDragons	2013-08-04	Not sure whats worse: That it sounds really like French or that people kicked up a huge fuss over it. I'm surprised nobody caught it in the editing stage.
2043	Starks Among Us	2013-10-18	I thought it said French too, glad to read this and see it was fringed.
2044	Tim Thomason	2013-11-10	So, to answer the OP's question, I assume Loras could procure fringed sleeves from any reputable tailor in King's Landing or Highgarden. In fact, via Google (behind all the "Did he really say French sleeves" pages), I learn that fringed sleeves are just sleeves that are cut ("fringed") in a simple pattern. Loras or his family probably has a servant on hand who could do that work.
2045	Mad Monkey	2013-11-12	I was more bothered by the scene where Cersei is clearly checking her cell phone during a small council meeting.
2046	Clariana	2013-05-06	Tywin dines with QoT, QoT remarks that Cersei is too old for Loras and will not be capable of bearing children for much longer. Then she remarks that she knows a lot about age and what it does to women... Tywin replies  by saying that men are not spared either but then he adds "but I have a strong stomach."
Now some of you may be aware of the theory that suggests Tywin 
	Spoiler was poisoned and dying prior to being fletched by Tyrion. The main theory was that it was Oberyn but I always thought it curious that we have two reputed poisoners in KL at the time... So how about QoT? It makes sense, she's just easing the way for her beloved Margaery and her family.
It could also be noted that in the scene with Roose Bolton, Jaime and Brienne, Roose pointedly refuses to drink the wine before the other two do and Jaime comments on this.
Yet here we have Tywin quaffing liberally in QoT's presence.

So how about it?
2047	rejndjer	2013-05-07	considering that scene i must say that, as i expected(tho many doubted it), tywin completely killed, and owned QoT.
considering your question, i think you can never know the real answer coz it was tyrion that killed tywin, not poison. this whole situation with tywin's death is a good example of asoiaf fandom over-analyzing everything, and seeing something, when there's really nothing.
2048	Flayed Starkman	2013-05-07	considering that scene i must say that, as i expected(tho many doubted it), tywin completely killed, and owned QoT.considering your question, i think you can never know the real answer coz it was tyrion that killed tywin, not poison. this whole situation with tywin's death is a good example of asoiaf fandom over-analyzing everything, and seeing something, when there's really nothing.I think we have more than enough evidence to say that Tywin was indeed poisoned, even though that was not his cause of death.http://asoiaf.wester...poisoned-tywin/
2049	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	Just because Tywin was killed by a crossbow doesn't mean that he wasn't poisoned before. I doubt the Martells ever imagine that Tyrion would freak out by Jaime's revelation and kill his father. They surely had a plan to take Tywin down, they were in KL for revenge. I neither believe or discourage this theory, I'm fine whether is right or wrong, but I think that we will really have the confirmation (or not) of it in the episode we see Tywin dies.
2050	Clariana	2013-05-07	I just thought that Tywin's remark about his stomach, given that it was a non sequitor, was rather... Suggestive.  And given that we had previously had a scene where Roose was being fastidious about his drinking even more so.
2051	Faceless Sam	2013-05-07	well, so nobody will suspect anything when he doesnt drink during edmure's wedding.
2052	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	hows THIS for foreshadowing: Tywin tries to fill Olenna's cup and she puts her hand over it, similar to how Roose does in this scene. Jaime says how suspicious it is to normal people....!!!!! SUCH A BIG HINT THAT THE TYRELLS ARE UP TO NO GOOD. Or at least it will be after Robb is betrayed.
2053	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	Maybe we eventually will found out that Tywin was indeed poisoned but by the Tyrells. And they used poison because they wanted people to think it was the Martells. Poison it's something very Tyrell-like, they don't stain their hands.
2054	Starks Among Us	2013-10-18	I'm a little lost, are people implying that Roose and the Tyrell's are in cahoots to poison the Lannisters? I see a few comments where people are implicating that Roose did not partake of the wine much like Olenna did not ?
2055	shiola	2013-05-06	This thread is for discussing what you loved about the episode, from the largest plot point to the smallest facial expression or background detail. No complaining in this thread, please.Book/TV spoilers are fine inside spoiler tags ONLY.  If you do not know how to make one, it's simple.  Here is an example:[.spoiler]Darth Vader is Luke's father[/.spoiler] without the periods becomes
	Spoiler Darth Vader is Luke's father
I want everyone to be able to enjoy this thread, so please make sure anything that could remotely be considered a spoiler or hint is inside tags.  If you aren't sure, tag it anyway.Can't wait to see what you all come up with this week!  I haven't seen the episode yet, but I read reviews and it seems good.
2056	Darkstar For King	2013-05-07	Loved Theon and Boy, probably one of my favourite storylines this season.
2057	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	Only one replay? It seems like everybody is too busy talking about Ros and complaining. Well, I'll help!!
- Finally a tiny little Har! from Tormund!!!!!!!
	Spoiler - Sam the Slayer is coming!!

- NO TALISA!!!
ETA: spoiler tag.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 07 May 2013 - 05:12 AM.
2058	Sun	2013-05-07	NCW
No Dany.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2013 - 02:48 AM.
2059	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	The interaction between Varys and Littlefinger.
I liked the Freys and Edmure Tully.
2060	victim	2013-05-07	EVERYTHING! But more to the point:
- The hornblower. 
- Jaime failing at dinner.
- Lame Lothar, one of the Frey's had a limp.
2061	Grandpa House	2013-05-07	What Melisandre said to Arya, it practically gave me chills. The cool thing was that it could be taken both a reference to what book readers already know, AND/OR future stuff that has yet to happen in the books.
2062	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	"Chaos is a Ladder". Shivers.
Jon and Ygritte kissing. Shivers again.
The Freys, perfect.
Mel + the BwB, stroke of genius.
Tormund's accent, the WILDEST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD. I hope Nina Gold casts only Norsemen for the Wildlings belonging to his clan.
Not so faithful an adaptation, but a flawless, intriguing and sometimes thrilling episode of a TV show.
2063	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-07	-"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?"-Iwan Rheon was fantastic in that scene
-Great casting for the Freys. And I like how Lothar was still lame, and looked far more amiable than Black Walder
-Surprised that they actually showed some flaying
-I liked the montage with LF's chaos monologue. Thought it was really well done
-The climbing of the wall, and the ending in particular, looked absolutely gorgeous. Alik Sakharov should definitely direct more episodes in the future. His work in What Is Dead May Never Die was also great
-THE ROOSE IS LOOSE
2064	Joyful Union	2013-05-07	It's a sad state of affairs when the nitpick without repercussions thread is 13 pages, but this one is only one. It genuinely makes me wonder what the point of having a Game of Thrones section on this forum is. It's starting to get really depressing, I think I'm stay away from these forums from now on
I loved Iwan Rheon, thought it was a great performance.
The climb looked magnificent, I couldnt have hoped for any better.
Brienne's frilly dress!
Olenna/Tywin was great, finally an equal match.
2065	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	It's a sad state of affairs when the nitpick without repercussions thread is 13 pages, but this one is only one. It genuinely makes me wonder what the point of having a Game of Thrones section on this forum is. It's starting to get really depressing, I think I'm stay away from these forums from now onI'm with you mate. This forum is about to ruin my enjoyment of the show, with all the ranting and stuff. Still, not everything is shit, yet.
2066	winwolf	2013-05-07	If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention
2067	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	Jaime and Brienne look clean!!
2068	MyLady	2013-05-07	Loved this episode! All in all so many good pieces of dialogue between important characters..
- Melisandre and Arya - loved their dialogue together, wonder what it means! Also great acting by Carice van Houten
- Olenna and Tywin and Olenna standing her ground. God I love that woman /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
- Shocked by the Ros scene..almost more disturbing than Theon's since I didn't see it coming. Probably the effect they were going for!
- Shivers from Littlefinger's speech, great acting there from Varys too, especially his facial expressions
- cute conversation between Sam and Gilly
- really looking forward to possible confrontation between Tywin an Joffrey now that the latter is spiraling out of control more and more
2069	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	It's a sad state of affairs when the nitpick without repercussions thread is 13 pages, but this one is only one. It genuinely makes me wonder what the point of having a Game of Thrones section on this forum is. It's starting to get really depressing, I think I'm stay away from these forums from now onI made the mistake of giving the other thread a read after I read this comment.... URGH.... people are never happy with anything apparently. And some of them are downright rude about it.As for the topic... I thought Baelish's monologue toward the end very powerful.oh and any scene with Charles Dance and Diana Rigg is welcome to me... no matter how "cheesy" some people claim the jokes to be. I love the battles of wits between master players of the game.
2070	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-07	Spoiler I love how Bran was stuck to the root of the tree for the whole episode, heavy foreshadowing there /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />

					
					
							Edited by Nick_Scryer, 07 May 2013 - 05:07 AM.
2071	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	Spoiler I can sense Puddles coming!! Noo.. poor Puddles /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> 

Also, I liked how irritated Brienne gets while Jaime is trying to cut the meat. She sticks her fork and is like if she was saying "here, stop it already"  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  so funny!
ETA: spoiler tag.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 07 May 2013 - 05:36 AM.
2072	SilentSense	2013-05-07	I really like Ygritte. If I were Jon I'd leave the crows behind in a heartbeat.
2073	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-07	John Snow's story really reached a higher level, this episode.
	Spoiler 
I believe we will have more of him in the next season, with his return to Castle Black.

Furthermore, Tywin and Olenna interaction was pretty good. They chose so many good actors that they can afford to waste some time with conversations between them. I see some people do not like this, but to me this is one of the strongest aspects of the show.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 07 May 2013 - 05:06 PM.
2074	Queen of Whores	2013-05-07	"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?!" I didn't like anything else about Ramsay, but I liked that line.
"I don't like that woman"
"That's because you're a girl"
Lame Lothar and Black Walder. Perfectly captured the Frey look.
Sam singing to Gilly.
2075	Arkash	2013-05-07	Hornblowing ! 
I so loved the Theon scene !
2076	Nictarion	2013-05-07	I really liked this episode.  I don't understand all the criticism.  I see people saying worst episode,  I liked it better than most of season two.  With the exception of "What is dead may never die" and "Blackwater". I really liked the Littlefinger voice over, very powerful scene. I liked Olenna vs Tywin. And I disagree that the final scene on top of the wall was cheesy. Visually it was a very good scene. And I didn't mind the kiss, to me it didn't come of cheesy like a lot are saying.  In a very grim dark show it is not bad every once in a while to get a happy moment. They are few and far between in that world.
					
					
							Edited by Nictarion, 07 May 2013 - 05:52 AM.
2077	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	To be honest, I enjoyed nearly everything in this episode.
I was nearly in tears laughing at the "Boy" and Theon scene. I know I probably shouldn't admit it that but I just found Rheon's portrayal perfect. I feel the same way about Gleeson's Joffrey. It's just so outright evil that it's amusing to me. Really enjoying that storyline. I loved, loved, loved Roose Bolton's scene with Jaime and Brienne.
I loved all the bits with Ygritte and Jon. Including the ending. It reminded me completely of the ending of The Two Towers were Gandalf says "the battle for Helm's Deep is over. The battle for Middle Earth...is about to begin".
Loved Olenna and Tywin and the scenes with Tyrion (which is a nice change from most of this season where his scenes have been boring).
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 07 May 2013 - 06:05 AM.
2078	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	And I didn't mind the kiss, to me it didn't come of cheesy like a lot are saying.  In a very grim dark show it is not bad every once in a while to get a happy moment. They are few and far between in that world.Aww, I'm a softy romantic at heart and I liked it, too. Especially because I liked the relationship in the books. Ygritte and Jon have a relationship of equals. They look out for each other, they've each saved the other's life, and they have mutual respect for one another. It's heart warming in a world so full of death and destruction.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 07 May 2013 - 06:06 AM.
2079	Sniraga	2013-05-07	Aww, I'm a softy romantic at heart and I liked it, too. Especially because I liked the relationship in the books. Ygritte and Jon have a relationship of equals. They look out for each other, they've each saved the other's life, and they have mutual respect for one another. It's heart warming in a world so full of death and destruction.I think I'm starting to like the show Ygritte/Jon romance perhaps more than in the books, because the actors have good chemistry and the banter before the climbing was actually quite funny and smooth. And the climbing part was also very well done - it was scary, I couldn't breathe easily until they were safely on the top of the Wall. Kit Harington has been mostly lukewarm in his portrayal of Jon Snow (of course it's a difficult role to play, because Jon is such an introvert), but I thought he was pretty good in this episode. I didn't mind the cheesy ending either. Most of the time I feel like all the romanticism from the books has been stripped away, so a moment of happiness was welcome.Or mayhaps their scenes were so pleasant this time because of the nearness of the Wall. I still remember how cool it was to see the Wall for the first time, it compeletely took my breath away. I'm the Wall fan. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
2080	HouseLark	2013-05-07	It's a sad state of affairs when the nitpick without repercussions thread is 13 pages, but this one is only one. It genuinely makes me wonder what the point of having a Game of Thrones section on this forum is. It's starting to get really depressing, I think I'm stay away from these forums from now onIt's the nature of the beast. Amateur critics assume a critique is just pointing out flaws rather than giving a balanced assessment of a work of art. You should also remember that dissatisfied people are more apt to jump to their keyboards, the overwhelming majority (and we're talking millions of people here) aren't so moved. You see it most walks of life, think about radio talk shows about sport, very few people call in to sing the praises of their team. Usually they only call to demand that the coach is fired or Player X is sold.What I do find odd is the number of people on these forums who claim to be genuinely angry about the show. You know, just don't watch it. There's some people (like the owners of this site) that have to watch the show even if they dislike it because it's part of how they make their living but for those for whom it is just a pop culture diversion I don't understand why they don't just stop watching. Why would you deliberately set out to make yourself annoyed?I also think that by this point criticism has to move beyond "this is not what itwas like in the books". That point has been made over and over and if you're going to repeat it then something more has to be added. To be honest, there's plenty in the show to criticise that doesn't rest on the "wasn't in the book" trope and it's more interesting to read people's thoughts on these. For example, many have criticised the show's handling of Catelyn as her character is not as she was in the book. But the more interesting critiques have focussed on how poorly the show handles female characters more generally and how Catelyn is a good example of this.But hey, at least the "wasn't in the books" nitpicking is contained to a single thread and taking my own advice, I just don't read it.
2081	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	I think I'm starting to like the show Ygritte/Jon romance perhaps more than in the books, because the actors have good chemistry and the banter before the climbing was actually quite funny and smooth. And the climbing part was also very well done - it was scary, I couldn't breathe easily until they were safely on the top of the Wall. Kit Harington has been mostly lukewarm in his portrayal of Jon Snow (of course it's a difficult role to play, because Jon is such an introvert), but I thought he was pretty good in this episode. I didn't mind the cheesy ending either. Most of the time I feel like all the romanticism from the books has been stripped away, so a moment of happiness was welcome.Or mayhaps their scenes were so pleasant this time because of the nearness of the Wall. I still remember how cool it was to see the Wall for the first time, it compeletely took my breath away. I'm the Wall fan. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Me too! I took screenshots of my three favourites "Wall" moments and use them interchangeably as my computer's background.http://s18.postimg.o...of_the_wall.jpghttp://s23.postimg.o.../The_Wall_2.jpghttp://s23.postimg.o...ei/The_Wall.jpgI could look at those all day, to be honest.
2082	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	I really liked this episode.  I don't understand all the criticism.  I see people saying worst episode,  I liked it better than most of season two.Overall I liked this episode too. I read some reviews first before I saw it, and I thought that it is going to be bad, but I was pleasantly surprised. I definitely prefer S3 over S2.
2083	the hound of sansa	2013-05-07	most of all i liked Ramsay playing with Theon
i also enjoyed Loras talking with Sansa by the pool. Sophie Turner was amazing in that scene. She was stunning, and played very well the lovestruck bride-to-be.
2084	Sniraga	2013-05-07	Me too! I took screenshots of my three favourites "Wall" moments and use them interchangeably as my computer's background.http://s18.postimg.o...of_the_wall.jpghttp://s23.postimg.o.../The_Wall_2.jpghttp://s23.postimg.o...ei/The_Wall.jpgI could look at those all day, to be honest.Hehe, you have a good taste! I've also used Wall pictures as my computer's backround, though not at this moment. Perhaps I should fix that... now we have some new fancy Wall shots, after all!
2085	lostinasia	2013-05-07	i also enjoyed Loras talking with Sansa by the pool.I enjoyed that scene too - I thought it was really sad, two kind of dim but decent kids that probably could have found a way to make this work, but alas they're in a horrible position in a much larger game. I'm bemused by comments that the actors looked wooden and unnatural - wasn't that the whole point?I liked the fact that Sam couldn't particularly sing. No disaster as a singer, but not great. Too often TV shows have the reluctant singer turn out to be fantastic.Amused by the hornblowing during the episode, loved it when people here pointed out the echo of Season 2.Also happy about this thread. The big discussion thread is mostly OK, but the "Rate the Episode" thread has me second-guessing myself and wondering why I'm foolish enough to enjoy something so obviously terrible.
2086	The Pain Yak	2013-05-07	The "Boy" is magnificent, with his giddy sadism. Not as ugly or fleshy as I imagined, but that's par for course with actors they've cast so far.
	Spoiler Really, the family Bolton should be providing us some truly magnificent scenes once the DwD material rolls around.
2087	Mr Smith	2013-05-07	Sansa to Tyrion, about Shae: "Pardon my lord. She's not from here."
I laughed so hard.
2088	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Sansa to Tyrion, about Shae: "Pardon my lord. She's not from here."I laughed so hard.I liked the "and I trust her...even though she tells me not to".
2089	Dove	2013-05-07	- Loved the wildlings/especially Tormund this episode. FInally starting to come around to them.
- Iwan Rheon knocked it out of the park as "Boy". Thought both the principle actors did a great job there but "Boy" owned the hell out of that scene.
- Jaime and Brienne being so in-sync during the dinner was great. They continue to have the best chemistry. Also Rooosssee
- Sansa and Shae's friendship continues to be sweet.
- Really liked the Sam and Gilly scene too. Very adorable.
- Loved the hell out of everything involving Melisandre, Arya, and Thoros.
- The Freys were great, it's been mentioned but they just look so ferret-y and Frey-like. Edmure cracked me up during their negotiations, so oblivious.
2090	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	I was happy to see Tormund slightly be Tormund.
I totally fell for the cheesy kiss at the top of the wall. 
	Spoiler  I think mostly because I know Ygritte will die and that was one of the more emotional moments in the book for me personally. 

I enjoyed Sam & Gilly.
Brienne's pink dress.
QoT vs. Tywin!!!
Gendry - I think it's the facial hair - he just gets hotter. It is legal for me to say that, right? He is 18??
2091	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	Aww, I'm a softy romantic at heart and I liked it, too. Especially because I liked the relationship in the books. Ygritte and Jon have a relationship of equals. They look out for each other, they've each saved the other's life, and they have mutual respect for one another. It's heart warming in a world so full of death and destruction. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I don't understand criticizing it either. You don't get too many love stories in these books or on this show, so imo you should indulge and enjoy the rare ones you do get and it doesn't get any better than Jon & Ygritte. I love those two together and I love how the actors captured that feeling and the bond those two have formed.
2092	Dove	2013-05-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I don't understand criticizing it either. You don't get too many love stories in these books or on this show, so imo you should indulge and enjoy the rare ones you do get and it doesn't get any better than Jon & Ygritte. I love those two together and I love how the actors captured that feeling and the bond those two have formed.Agreed with the both of you, plus after so much pain and misery for the other characters it was a really, really nice note to end the episode on.Softies and sentimentalists of westeros.org unite. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2093	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-07	I like the linking connections they make between events in an episode and back to previous episodes.
Ramsay blowing the horn is the classic - bringing back the memories of the hornblower at Winterfell
The other one was Arya "Head, breast, balls. I got him where I wanted" then connecting that to the Jofffry/Ros shock.
2094	Silverx2	2013-05-07	The other one was Arya "Head, breast, balls. I got him where I wanted" then connecting that to the Jofffry/Ros shock.Head, TITS, balls.I thought this episode was great with lots of inside stuff to the fans. The death of ros was kind of shocking because a.) it happened off screen and b.)i was hoping that LF had made the same mistake Cersei made and grabbed the wrong whore.Ramsays comment about that stark boys being alive and "that would be a hunt to remember" was chilling, showing just how insane that dude is, as well as foreshadowing his enjoyment of letting people go and hunting them down
2095	shiola	2013-05-07	First, I have to mention this.  I have a big thing with small actions/facial expressions/mannerisms.  Like how when Joffrey's thinking, he rubs his thumb across his middle and index fingers; or how Viserys used to fidget with his hands in a very... Viserys sort of way. Nikolaj has a ton of them, especially nuances in his voice and the way he delivers lines and such.  He rocked the dinner scene because there were two of these small actions that I loved.  First, the way he ate the bit of meat off the knife.  The way he sort of flicked the knife to punctuate the sentence, matched with his facial expression when he says "Why might that be?" was perfect.  And what I really, really liked even more was when he offers to do a toast to sort of seal the agreement between Roose and himself.  When Roose covers the cup, the way Jaime pauses before slightly gesturing with the wine, how he narrows his eyes, and kind of cocks his head PLUS the way he says "You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people?"I just... I could watch Jaime frame by frame and listen to his lines a thousand times over because Nikolaj has this quality to him that I find fascinating and enchanting.
2096	shiola	2013-05-07	Also, book spoilers.
	Spoiler Robb saying to Edmure, "You're paying for my sins." gave me fucking chills.  Because everyone in that room and more will be paying for his sins.  I don't want iiiiiit.
2097	shiola	2013-05-07	snip for spoilersraviept, please put your second sentence in a spoiler tag.
2098	King of the Road	2013-05-07	Two words.
Iwan. Rheon.
What a great choice for "Boy", his and Theon's interactions are fast becoming my highlight of this series!
					
					
							Edited by King of the Road, 07 May 2013 - 11:16 AM.
2099	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-07	Ygritte doing her mocking Jon Snow voice .. always cracks me up and it's something she would do..
And Tormund was much more awesome this episode - it's like I wish he was the lead singer of my favorite metal band.. Got a bit of a "Har" as well.
Also Arya & Anguy's scene was nice - I wasn't thrilled about how the Melisandre scene was worked but I do like that angle of the story it works out well enough.
					
					
							Edited by Esero the Forest Scion, 07 May 2013 - 11:07 AM.
2100	shiola	2013-05-07	As most of us are saying, Boy was great this episode.  "Do I look like a fucking Umber?!" was delivered so well.  In fact, almost all his lines were.  His inflection and everything was so all over the place and eccentric, and I like that in a crazy person.  
	Spoiler  Such an interesting contrast from Roose, who is so calm and collected.  It shows you the difference between borderline psychopath(Roose) and just flat out crazy (Ramsay) 
In addition to my Jaime rants, I could do Varys rants as well.  How his face changed just before he says "The Lysa Arryn of chairs", like when we see him have that thought before saying it, is almost as funny as the line itself.  That line had me pausing the show because I found it so funny and it was so out of nowhere.  But the best part of the scene for me was everything about how the realm is a lie, just like Aegon's chair.  How we tell the lie over and over until we forget it's a lie, that was beautiful.  And what topped it off was how Varys rounded on Baelish after he said it.  "And what do we have left, once we abandon the lie?" I think it was the first time I remember seeing anger from Varys (even though it was thinly veiled) and in that moment I was afraid of him.Annnnd finally, HUGE shout out to Blackfish.  "My fist is about to compel your teeth."  It was such a nonsensical, middle-school sort of threat/retort.  It was hilarious and perfect.  I'm loving the Blackfish.Also, as I kind of feel like this thread is my responsibility since I start it every week, I need to do some annoying PSAs--* Stay on topic-- praise things about the show.  Please don't delve into talking about how others complain too much or how they're dragging down your amusement.  This thread is to take you out of that and to put you in an environment where we talk about what we love and are happy with the show.* Please do not refer to Boy by his real name, as it hasn't been revealed on the show yet.  I don't care what goes on in other threads or if his name is common knowledge at this point.  I don't want it in here and I don't want to risk people finding things out!  I just want this to stay a friendly, spoiler-free environment.
2101	shiola	2013-05-07	Ygritte doing her mocking Jon Snow voice .. always cracks me up and it's something she would do..Yes!  I loved that.  Ygritte is so perfect.  Playfully sexy but with a deadly edge.  Yet when she looks at Jon, you can see that she loves him.  Her actress, Rose Leslie, is one of the best, I think.  She's really coming into her character.
2102	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-07	Lame Lothar! I like that they added that little detail. LOVED THE LITTLE FREY HATS. Haha!
The music these scene, AS EVER, was wonderful. 
Sophie Turner is really good at crying! /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  I don't ''like'' it but it's great acting. 
Sam/Gilly scene was lovely. 
Tormund had a little ''HAH'' and also a  ''HEH'' I have yet to hear a ''HAR'' yet though. ;D
Chaos is a Ladder montage. 
And of course, last but not least; THE ROOSE IS LOOSE THE ROOSE IS LOOSE. (Loving Brienne looking awkward in a pink frilly dress and as ever Nikolaj is wonderful)
2103	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-07	Oh yeah, I LOVED THE KISS AT THE END, PANNING LANDSCAPE SHOT + BEAUTIFUL MUSIC.
Whatevs.
2104	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-07	I loved Lady Oleana trying to bait Tywin into admitting that he "played" with boys when he was younger. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
Her, acknowledging, without a blink, that Sweet Loras was a sword swallower, but, drawing the line at incest.   This, to me, put to rest any crackpot theories that Margaery and Loras were involved with each other.
Loras and Sansa discussing fringed sleeves. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
Getting a small "Har" from Tormund.
Poor Brienne looking uncomfortable in that hideous dress.
Jaime struggling to cut his meat.
Arya being the only one to see through Melisandre. I almost cried for poor Gendry.
I love any interaction between Cersei and Tyrion.
Sam and Gilly was super sweet.  That obsidian arrow head was beautiful.
While I hate what happened to Ros, I really liked Ros, it was so perfect to see exactly what a monster Joffrey is.  He's alone with a beautiful woman and he would rather shoot quarrels into her than bed her.  Also,
	Spoiler This is the second time that the crossbow makes an appearance so there won't be any questions as to what weapon will be used in Tywins' much deserved demise.
2105	Lady Arwen	2013-05-07	Brienne giving Jaime the side-eye while he failed at dinner. Their chemistry is perfection.
2106	Dove	2013-05-07	- I forgot to add it but I loved the Bran scene, particularly the Reeds and the way they're playing up their connection/Meera's protectiveness. They're very well casted.- I'm also coming around to Ygritte/Rose Leslie. I was probably one of the only people that didn't much care for her before but I love it when she mocks Jon and her impression of him was hilarious & adorable.- Anguy bestguy. I really like this dude. edit: took out something, not a spoiler that i'm aware of but it doesn't hurt to be safe@VisYour post at the top really captures what I love about NCW (well a lot of actors on the show), how much thought and nuance goes into every little movement. He's so good, seriously.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 07 May 2013 - 02:10 PM.
2107	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	Well I knew the Ros was coming because I was spoiled (avoiding these forums on the weekend of an airing from now on). So when LF said "But your confidant" and the music started I knew it had to be coming because the episode was almost over. I was like YES YES YES. Though I wish he had added in honor as one of the illusions that people cling to, referencing his betrayal of Ned. Still good though.
I like that Varys and LF keep calling each other friends simply because it's clear to both of them that they are the complete opposite. Whole series is about Varys and LF IMO lol
2108	Warrior Queen	2013-05-07	Great great great episode.
Loved:
- Melissandre + Arya + Brotherhood. I really like what they did with Gendry replacing Edric!
-  High Valyrian
- Theon and Boy, Gods, i'm looking forward to the rest of this!
- The Frey's looked really weasely, great!
- Lame Lothar's actor actually walked like he has a twisted leg
- The climb
- Jaime cutting the meat
- Jaime being upset that Brienne will not travel with him to KL.
I am genuinely sad that Ros died, but boy she looked hot hanging there!
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 07 May 2013 - 01:21 PM.
2109	KSims1868	2013-05-07	I also loved this episode.  I'm not a frequent poster...more of a lurker here I guess you'd say.  I've read the books twice in as many years and will prob read them again sometime in 2014 before the next season of GoT starts...or at least a refresher of books 3 and 4.
Some of my favorite things in this episode...
Definitely Tywin and QoT banter back and forth.  I love how that lady won't take shit from any of these buggers in KL.  She's one tough broad.
Cersei and Tyrion are awesome together.  Tyrion is just awesome period.  I can't wait to see more of him.
Jamie and Brianne - their chemistry really is perfect.
I wasn't much of a fan of the Ramsey/Theon storyline in the books.  It's prob my least favorite, but I do love how we're seeing the backstory on screen.  I think that's what I disliked most about this in the books because I almost forgot about Theon...
	Spoiler ...then suddenly he becomes Reek.
I can't wait to see Arya's character develop more and bring on Lady Stoneheart!!
I've told my fiance she's goin to love Arya eventually.
She's not a reader so I find myself pausing to explain a LOT of what's going on.

I truly don't understand how someone can enjoy this show without reading the books.   There's so much more to EVERY story than they could ever show on screen, and just knowing about it makes these stories so much better.
2110	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	^ And if not the books....at least the wiki.
2111	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-07	raviept, please put your second sentence in a spoiler tag.Sorry. I completely forgot and I hope it isn't too late.
2112	Dove	2013-05-08	Edmure is a goober but Tobias Menzies makes him so weirdly likeable, I never saw that one coming.
IDK, he was obviously being pretty superficial and silly under the circumstances about the marriage/choosing a bride but there's just something about him. I'm probably just biased because Tobias Menzies is adorable.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 08 May 2013 - 07:27 AM.
2113	Slingingstones	2013-05-08	By survey, all in my household thoroughly enjoy the "show" and "books".  We all have divorced ourselves from conflating the two.  D & D are genius with their series, every ep. is a refreshing surprise.  We gather round the tube, volume up, to drown out the popcorn munching, reveling in fantasy's much too short tv hour.
All in all the show is like a glass of grapefruit juice in the morning.  It goes for the throat.  Thanks for starting this thread, Vis.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 08 May 2013 - 08:07 AM.
2114	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	Edmure is a goober but Tobias Menzies makes him so weirdly likeable, I never saw that one coming.IDK, he was obviously being pretty superficial and silly under the circumstances about the marriage/choosing a bride but there's just something about him. I'm probably just biased because Tobias Menzies is adorable.I would also like to praise his casting. He really looks like Catelyn's brother, but, most of all, he could PERFECTLY be Lysa's real life brother! The casting department in this show has really set a new standard in cinematography. Relatives REALLY look like relatives. Now, every time I watch a film or another TV show, I'm always like "Nah, that lad does not really like that man's son. And are those supposed to be siblings?". This never happens with GoT. Even Stannis and Robert look alike, while Renly, being different in personality, was cast to look quite different (even if, in the books he looks like Robert). AND WHAT ABOUT OLENNA AND MARGAERY? JESUS. I have no words to describe how much I love this show.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 08 May 2013 - 08:09 AM.
2115	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-08	I would also like to praise his casting. He really looks like Catelyn's brother, but, most of all, he could PERFECTLY be Lysa's real life brother! The casting department in this show has really set a new standard in cinematography. Relatives REALLY look like relatives. Now, every time I watch a film or another TV show, I'm always like "Nah, that lad does not really like that man's son. And are those supposed to be siblings?". This never happens with GoT. Even Stannis and Robert look alike, while Renly, being different in personality, was cast to look quite different (even if, in the books he looks like Robert). AND WHAT ABOUT OLENNA AND MARGAERY? JESUS. I have no words to describe how much I love this show.I love this post!Relatives DO look like each other, definitely.
2116	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-05-08	Everything Roose Bolton because of course, (tv show) Roose.
I loved Thoros and Melisandre speaking in Valyrian. They sounded so natural having an actual conversation! Besides Melisandre is great with rolled R's  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Melisandre looking into Arya's eyes and, at least as I interpreted it, seeing the eyes of those she's going to kill one day.
The Freys!!! Perfect!
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 08 May 2013 - 04:16 PM.
2117	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	I liked Robb in his interactions with both the Frey's (Black Walder and Lame Lothar?) and particularly his response to Edmure after he consented to marry Roslin. It was Eddard-ish in manner. Probably the first time I've truly liked Robb all season, which I find very sad.
2118	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	Oh and Thoros name dropping R'Hllor. Finally. It's taken a season and a half to actually say the name. What the heck?
2119	Nezzer	2013-05-08	Oh and Thoros name dropping R'Hllor. Finally. It's taken a season and a half to actually say the name. What the heck?It's better this way. "R'hllor" sounds like gibberish. If even the readers often spell it wrong, imagine the abominations we'd see when non-readers tried to spell it. "Lord of Light" makes things a lot easier.
2120	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-08	It's better this way. "R'hllor" sounds like gibberish. If even the readers often spell it wrong, imagine the abominations we'd see when non-readers tried to spell it. "Lord of Light" makes things a lot easier.I suspect they also do it because people associate Christian word choice and cadence with religious fervor and this wording evokes that image. It makes it clearer to them that they're talking about a god than a person (they're terrible with names...)
2121	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-09	It's better this way. "R'hllor" sounds like gibberish. If even the readers often spell it wrong, imagine the abominations we'd see when non-readers tried to spell it. "Lord of Light" makes things a lot easier.It was spelled wrong on the sub-titles.
2122	The Pain Yak	2013-05-09	b.)i was hoping that LF had made the same mistake Cersei made and grabbed the wrong whore.I'm not really sure having another, nameless whore get used for target practice in Ros's place should come as a relief.
2123	Bronn's Squire	2013-05-09	I don't know if anyone has mentioned it but I really think it should be acknowledged that john Bradley is wonderful as Sam tarly. There are alot of blatantly wonderful actors on the show and I know he doesn't get a large amount of screentime but when he does I just think "perfect samwell tarly"!
2124	Dove	2013-05-09	I liked Robb in his interactions with both the Frey's (Black Walder and Lame Lothar?) and particularly his response to Edmure after he consented to marry Roslin. It was Eddard-ish in manner. Probably the first time I've truly liked Robb all season, which I find very sad.Ageed, Robb was very good this episode. Much more likeable in general than he has been in a while.The Freys looked perfect, basically how I imagined 90% of the Freys from the book. Lame Lothar's limp was a nice touch, and I loved their goofy little hats.As mentioned last page, this show has exceptional casting, especially for the families.
	Spoiler Iwan Rheon and Michael McElhatton even have a distinct resemblance as well.
2125	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-09	Ageed, Robb was very good this episode. Much more likeable in general than he has been in a while.The Freys looked perfect, basically how I imagined 90% of the Freys from the book. Lame Lothar's limp was a nice touch, and I loved their goofy little hats.As mentioned last page, this show has exceptional casting, especially for the families.
	Spoiler Iwan Rheon and Michael McElhatton even have a distinct resemblance as well.
It's the eyes, man. Those eyes are creepy as hell. And agreed on the Freys. Also liked how Black Walder was hostile while Lothar seemed a lot more amiable, as they were in the books. I don't know what people have to bitch about in regards to the Robb scene this week. It was very similar to the books, and both Edmure and Robb came off as far more likable than they have all season. Loved that Robb seemed genuinely guilty over breaking his vows. Did anybody else love the caps the Freys wore? I thought it just completed their whole weasel-ly look.
2126	Isildur's Mane	2013-05-09	- I liked the fact that they included Sam and Gilly's scene at the start - for some reason I thought they wouldn't - but I'm glad they did /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
- I liked how there was more of Jon and the wildlings - but I think it might be too little too late.... though - this is the posistive thread so i'll stay optimistic and say that I hope there is more of this and that we start to get a feel for the wildlings.
- I always love Maisie - she's a great actor.
- I liked the dinner scene with Jaime, Breinne and Roose - there was good chemistry going there. (Though I did think it was a bit short).
- I thought the Freys looked the part
- Theon and Boy - good acting - slightly amusing in a weird way - though possibly a bit long.
2127	The Bear	2013-05-09	I loved the Freys' hats. They were just perfect for them.
I enjoyed the Roose/Jaime/Brienne scene. Jaime staying Brienne's hand was a lovely touch (something for the shippers but also furthered his character development), I laughed at Roose's line about Jaime overplaying his... position, and I liked the self deprecating humour when Jaime said he was failing at dinner.
I really liked the scene with Gilly and Sam. I think Sam is an underrated character in-universe as well as amongst fans  but I adore the character and love the portrayal of him in the show, although I would like to see more of the bravery we know he's capable of in the books.
2128	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	Erm, so many random things I loved.- The unintentional hilarity of Sam's song. REALLY Sam, you rescue a girl who's lived in an incest colony her whole life...and sing about the Father? I'm horrible, but whatever, it made me snort. ANY other song Sam, seriously!- A Theon and his Boy ... sooo many little moments...too many to name, but a few of my favs:Boy's wide-eyed smile when he says "Sorry!"Boy getting pissed when Theon thinks he's a Karstark. He just improvised on the spot, pretending to be a Karstark angered about his brother's death. Dude's an act-ooor.Theon's sadly silly "It was just a guess."Boy's peevish looks, like he's faintly hearing rap music somewhere."Terrrible guess!"Theon specifically saying "Robb," not "the Starks." /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />The completely random tone switch with "Daddy was mean to you?"The whole meta-ness of the scene. Boy is the ultimate meta troll. "You forgot to ask, am I a liar?"- Olenna taunting Tywin about his youth. Goodness, I don't get why people say it's a dumb thing for her to say. I thought it was clear she wasn't seriously asking, she was trying to piss him off.- The subtle feeling (more meta than in-universe) that Littlefinger was punishing Sansa for friendzoning him -- the ship was kind of like "snooze you lose!"- Sansa and Loras were cuuuute. It gave me the sense that, if Sansa did marry him, she'd be aghast at his orientation, but they'd still have fun shopping together. Highgarden would have the best fashion in Westeros!- The Frey cap/bib combo. I keeled I was laughing so hard. They look so stoatish.- Edmure trying to be canny -- "I'll refuse so they'll come back and let me choose the bride." Cat's Big Sister Death Glare.- Jaime's "you shall not best me, dinner!" attitude with his fork.- Roose. Just Roose, head of House Trollton. "Position" indeed.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 09 May 2013 - 04:56 AM.
2129	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	such a great episode!
ok so Sam and Gilly - GREAT! the song was exactly the way I imagined it.
Meera and Osha locking horns, gave me some giggles, with Bran being the mature one /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
Ygritte and Jon getting closer, I love the changes they have made to her, they have a great back and forth, very funny. 
the fact that Jon simply got more air time was fantastic!!
Tormund seems to be lightening up!
the Arya and Melisandre scene was great, I was expecting to not enjoy it but I LOVED IT. and the words they had gave me some hope for future things.. with out giving much away /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Boy and Theon was very good! I loved that he actually made him beg to take the finger, sticking to the books quite nicely there 
the meeting with the Freys was good too, actually sticking to the right characters for the freys was brill. and Edmures dullness was rather funny also.
the dinner with Roose, Jaime and Brienne was fantastic, just fantastic.
the actual climbing of the wall was awesome! I loved the extra drama they have added in, it tightens J&Ys bond, gives us a nice loath for Orell and brings a bit more action to the whole encounter. also Ygrittes face when the ice breaks! priceless! a very "AWH SH*T!" moment. 
Tyrion and Cercei sulking about their marrages to be.. quite funny
all in all ive gotta give it a 10/10
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 09 May 2013 - 05:17 AM.
2130	Lord_Baelish	2013-05-09	OK, this was easily my favourite episode of the series so far. There was just so many awesome scenes it's hard to know where to start.
I thought they did a great job of the climb up the wall. At last the wildlings are being given a bit of character and I am warming to Ygritte a lot more than I did in the books (doesn't hurt that she's a hot redhead, I guess). Jon is getting more of the screentime his character so desperately needs.
The Jaime/Brienne/Roose dinner was brilliant from start to finish, although I agree with most that it was way too short. With the great chemistry those actors have, they could have had a whole episode of it and no one would have complained. I particularly liked the "fail at dinner" line and Brienne's helping him to cut up his meat without saying a word. I am so looking forward to their scenes in the next episode.
It was good to see Littlefinger show he isn't quite as inept at the game as previous episodes made him out to be. My friend who's a non-reader was very dismissive of him as a threat until his scene this week. I have always been a fan of him and Varys; every scene with the two of them in it is a scene worth watching.
I have to agree that the casting for this whole show has been absolutely spot on. I love "Boy" and Theon, Jaime and Brienne, Ygritte, Tywin, Jorah (I'm a big fan of Dance and Glen). I'd say the only one they have got really wrong is having Ciaran Hinds as Mance.
Most importantly, is it just me or is Sansa looking absolutely gorgeous this series?
2131	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	this really was such a great episode! I cant believe so many people didn't think so. its review wasn't what I expected at all, but guess you cant please everyone. IMO this episode was so good its hard to pick which scene was my favourite. maybe when some of the ice of the wall fall apart, that really was great!
also I know it sounds bad but I was also happy to see what the decided to do with Ros, it was sad for her but I kinda wanted her gone, maybe not in such a brutal way but still was very well presented and gives another twist to the story for viewers who didn't know there really was no big future for her
2132	shiola	2013-05-09	I love this thread :]  You all make me enjoy the show so much more!
2133	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	First, I have to mention this.  I have a big thing with small actions/facial expressions/mannerisms.  Like how when Joffrey's thinking, he rubs his thumb across his middle and index fingers; or how Viserys used to fidget with his hands in a very... Viserys sort of way.Nikolaj has a ton of them, especially nuances in his voice and the way he delivers lines and such.  He rocked the dinner scene because there were two of these small actions that I loved.  First, the way he ate the bit of meat off the knife.  The way he sort of flicked the knife to punctuate the sentence, matched with his facial expression when he says "Why might that be?" was perfect.  And what I really, really liked even more was when he offers to do a toast to sort of seal the agreement between Roose and himself.  When Roose covers the cup, the way Jaime pauses before slightly gesturing with the wine, how he narrows his eyes, and kind of cocks his head PLUS the way he says "You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people?"I just... I could watch Jaime frame by frame and listen to his lines a thousand times over because Nikolaj has this quality to him that I find fascinating and enchanting.I agree with this so much. I think I have the same thing /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Did you notice Cersei has it, too? When she is nervous or feels uncomfortable, she starts playing with her rings and her hands. It happened in the episode when she confronts Tywin and I noticed again in this episode when Tyrion asks her if he sent Moore to kill him. She doesn't answer him and instead starts playing with her hands, rings, and like a red cloth (or something I don't know what it was).Also, I love the sets and the details. For example, Sansa's chamber. There is like a column next to the door that has golden flowers. It's so beautiful. I loved all the objects in the room where Tyrion and Cersei were talking. Specially, this thing that I have no idea what is for, but looks like a little boat with the shape of a sawn, a mini chest, a swirly crystal glass, a quill, an a candle. I just couldn't keep my eyes off from them. I think I wasn't even paying attention to what they were saying hehe. Oh, I love the medieval setting.The gardens are spectacular. I loved the fountain in the Sansa/Loras scene (didn't like the scene so much) but the background was just amazing.edit: spelling.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 09 May 2013 - 11:30 AM.
2134	victim	2013-05-09	I really have to say how I look forward to these threads every week. There's so much fanboy hate everywhere else that I sometimes just want to rip my hair out, it's nice to just chat about the little moments you loved with others who actually loved them too. Now on to the things I loved, I suppose.
The Wildlings are getting much better with more screentime (which I expect will increase even more now they're filming in Belfast instead of Iceland). The three main Wildling characters perfectly embody the varying sides/loyalties sides of Free-Folk culture. 
   - Tormund represents that fierce commander, you don't want to get on my bad side, kind of Wildling.
   - Ygritte is playful, just as fierce as Tormund, but also far more trusting. 
   - And Orell is that super-creepy untrustworthy Wildling, kind of like the Weeper. I just love Mackenzie Crook as a Wildling too, great casting.
Ygritte knowing where Jon's loyalties lie is a direct result of the two spending more time together in Season 2. Let's face it, it was pretty obvious how much of a Crow Jon was in their Icelandic Adventures last year, she'd be a fool not to realise it.
	Spoiler On top of this, it adds so much to the scene where Jon eventually betrays her. I'm dying to know how Queenscrown will unfold. It seems as though both Summer and Shaggydog will be there to save him, and there's only about 8-12 Wildlings left after the climb (how many fell? It looked like two groups of four). It will make sense that Tormund forgoes the raid at Castle Black, and returns to Mance defeated.

Roose is becoming strangely likeable. It's kind of remarkable, seeing as how I never particularly liked him in the books. He always seemed like a really dry personality, and the actor has turned that on it's head and made it inexplicably charming. His nonchalance is extremely charismatic, "I don't partake." I look forward to seeing much more of him down the line.
That way Edmure looked up when the Frey's said, "Not what, who." It was almost the exact same reaction Tyrion gave when he was told he would marry Sansa. Really nice detail and comparison between both characters, seeing as they're both the black sheep of their family. Tobias Menzies is really outstanding in the role. 
I have so much more I want to say, I should try to hold my gushing love until next week though.
2135	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-09	That way Edmure looked up when the Frey's said, "Not what, who." It was almost the exact same reaction Tyrion gave when he was told he would marry Sansa. Really nice detail and comparison between both characters, seeing as they're both the black sheep of their family. Tobias Menzies is really outstanding in the role.I have so much more I want to say, I should try to hold my gushing love until next week though.Did you notice how many internal references this show has? The first that comes into my mind is Locke's "Fancy words for a fancy man" to Jaime's use of "unbismerged", and Tyrion's/ Bronn's "Enhances? Fancy word for a sellsword!" "Been spending time with fancy folks". Also, Tywin's tale of dislexic Jaime (in season 2) was not just dropped in, but later re-told by Jaime when explaining how he had learned the fancy words of his.This show has a HUGE amount of subtlety, which almost everyone in this forum seems to miss. Maybe, while watching the show, they're too busy writing a list of inconsistencies with the books to post on the "nitpick without repercussions" thread, rather than pay attention.
2136	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-09	I really have to say how I look forward to these threads every week. There's so much fanboy hate everywhere else that I sometimes just want to rip my hair out, it's nice to just chat about the little moments you loved with others who actually loved them too. Now on to the things I loved, I suppose.The Wildlings are getting much better with more screentime (which I expect will increase even more now they're filming in Belfast instead of Iceland). The three main Wildling characters perfectly embody the varying sides/loyalties sides of Free-Folk culture.   - Tormund represents that fierce commander, you don't want to get on my bad side, kind of Wildling.   - Ygritte is playful, just as fierce as Tormund, but also far more trusting.   - And Orell is that super-creepy untrustworthy Wildling, kind of like the Weeper. I just love Mackenzie Crook as a Wildling too, great casting.Ygritte knowing where Jon's loyalties lie is a direct result of the two spending more time together in Season 2. Let's face it, it was pretty obvious how much of a Crow Jon was in their Icelandic Adventures last year, she'd be a fool not to realise it.
	Spoiler On top of this, it adds so much to the scene where Jon eventually betrays her. I'm dying to know how Queenscrown will unfold. It seems as though both Summer and Shaggydog will be there to save him, and there's only about 8-12 Wildlings left after the climb (how many fell? It looked like two groups of four). It will make sense that Tormund forgoes the raid at Castle Black, and returns to Mance defeated.
Roose is becoming strangely likeable. It's kind of remarkable, seeing as how I never particularly liked him in the books. He always seemed like a really dry personality, and the actor has turned that on it's head and made it inexplicably charming. His nonchalance is extremely charismatic, "I don't partake." I look forward to seeing much more of him down the line.That way Edmure looked up when the Frey's said, "Not what, who." It was almost the exact same reaction Tyrion gave when he was told he would marry Sansa. Really nice detail and comparison between both characters, seeing as they're both the black sheep of their family. Tobias Menzies is really outstanding in the role.I have so much more I want to say, I should try to hold my gushing love until next week though.well, regards to your spoiler,
	Spoiler in this trailer http://www.youtube.c...h?v=p4iljcuzjG8at 1:12, you see Rickon and Osha seem not to be with Bran, Hodor, Meera, and Jojen. They could be off screen but I doubt it.
2137	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-09	I agree with this so much. I think I have the same thing /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Did you notice Cersei has it, too? When she is nervous or feels uncomfortable, she starts playing with her rings and her hands. It happened in the episode when she confronts Tywin and I noticed again in this episode when Tyrion asks her if he sent Moore to kill him. She doesn't answer him and instead starts playing with her hands, rings, and like a red cloth (or something I don't know what it was).Also, I love the sets and the details. For example, Sansa's chamber. There is like a column next to the door that has golden flowers. It's so beautiful. I loved all the objects in the room where Tyrion and Cersei were talking. Specially, this thing that I have no idea what is for, but looks like a little boat with the shape of a sawn, a mini chest, a swirly crystal glass, a quill, an a candle. I just couldn't keep my eyes off from them. I think I wasn't even paying attention to what they were saying hehe. Oh, I love the medieval setting.The gardens are spectacular. I loved the fountain in the Sansa/Loras scene (didn't like the scene so much) but the background was just amazing.edit: spelling.Agreed! I've been saying since this season started how I love the clothing for each character and how it suits them. All of the details that they put in from the sets, the clothing, the hair. It is so beautiful. One of my favorite outfits that is fantastic even in its simplicity is Tywin's black outfit this season and I love that Tyrion is sort of mirroring his outfit with slightly different details to his.I don't know if anyone has mentioned it but I really think it should be acknowledged that john Bradley is wonderful as Sam tarly. There are alot of blatantly wonderful actors on the show and I know he doesn't get a large amount of screentime but when he does I just think "perfect samwell tarly"!Absolutely! Sam is one of the characters I root for and I love John Bradley's portrayal.  He's so sweet!
2138	Dornish Hen	2013-05-09	I am loving that the Blackfish is such a thug on the show.  There...I said it.
 I cheered our loud (and I was by myself) when the Blackfish gave Karstark that punch in the mouth last week, and I almost cheered again when he threatened Edmure this week.    I also love that Edmure is such a dope.  Well played Tobias!
2139	Lady Arwen	2013-05-11	I loved how Arya marched right up to Mel, grabbed her by the arm, and said, "You're a witch." 
Classic Arya. Not in the books, but every bit in line with her character.
2140	Viserys_The Transformed	2013-09-09	I loved the LF's Chaos is a Ladder speech..... Simply Awesome.
LF rocks.... :-)
2141	Exar0s	2013-05-02	In this episode we will see the negotiations for the RW. Soon Robb and Cat will join Ned in death. Our beloved Starks are being taken out. Theon sacked Winterfel which has since been burned to the ground, Sansa is about to be married to the Imp, Arya is about to be kidnapped by the hound and forced to see her family slaughtered, Bran and Rickon are presumed dead and Jon Snow is presumed a traitor to the Knights Watch.
I know the Stark's are supposedly the "good guys" but man do they have it rough. Why does he force us to love the Stark's only to make us read/watch them suffer since Bran was thrown from the wall in the first season. I know the Lannisters will get theirs in time but reading and watching the Stark's stories makes me sad and angry. Why do the good guy's always suffer the most?
I'm just curious if anyone thinks we will ever see the Stark's truly get revenge for the crimes done against them? Will we ever see Arya, Sansa, Bran, Rickon and Jon together again? Will the Stark's have a happy ending once this story is complete? Will Benjen ever show back up? Will Jon end up being the saving grace for the family, even after turning down the rights to have the Stark name? I'm so lost seeing how there can be a happy ending for the Stark's.
I know this is way to early for this conversation but the show won't catch up for another 4-5 years . . . .
2142	Spring Snow	2013-05-04	As they say, it's always darkest before the dawn. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
It's important for the protagonists in any story to go through trials and tribulations; because of Westeros being a grim and fairly realistic sort of world, the Starks just go through more than most. It's going to make it much more satisfying if they do manage to ever come out on top. I suspect that few of the remaining Starks will ultimately get a happy ending or anything more than bittersweet, and if they do it'll definitely be well earned.
A Stark family reunion where all the surviving Starks are together in one place seems impossible, but encounters between a couple of them at a time sounds more likely.
Benjen is another puzzler. I didn't read the books until somewhat recently but I'm aware there's been speculation on him for many, many years; I'm probably wrong, but I won't be too surprised if he isn't important in the end. He could have simply been a means to get the Night's Watch out on their ranging in ACoK.
2143	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	I read a line somewhere that from an author's perspective, the Starks aren't there for us to root for, the Starks are there for us to mourn.  No one's emotions are tugged when a bad guy, or some random nobody guy, gets killed, even if the death is unfair and undeserved.  But do something awful and unfair to our good guy, ah, that hurts.  That's great story-telling.
2144	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	The Starks have it rough now. That scene where Wylla Manderly and her monologue about being Stark men was so emotional because of all the bad shit that happened to them. In the long run, while I don't think there's going to be some happy ending, I think the Starks will prevail in some sense.
2145	JonDunn	2013-05-04	'The revenge you seek will be yours in time'
2146	Dolorous Nick	2013-05-04	The Starks are meant to be tragic figures...tragic not only because most of us sympathize with them and like/love them on some level, but tragic because their deaths symbolize a victory for deception and treachery over honesty and honor.  Also, I think some of this is Martin's way of reminding the reader/viewer that this is NOT The Knights of the Round Table or The Lord of the Rings, in which you just know that somehow the heroes will triumph in the end and the wicked will be vanquished.
2147	scurvy	2013-05-04	The North Remembers and so does no one.
2148	Mammothsbane	2013-05-04	When you consider net losses, the Starks aren't as far down as other houses. Robb, Ned, and UnCat are the only real losses. We have Sansa in a strong position to retain power, Bran doing his thing, Rickon on his way back (presumably) and Arya's eventual return to Westeros. If you compare them to, say, the Lannisters, Tywin, Kevan, and Joffrey are all dead, Jaime is a Kingsguard (no inheritance), Cersei is batshit insane and a trainwreck, and Tyrion is in exile. The main branch of House Lannister is in the shit, as are the Baratheons, who have lost just about everyone and have no heirs, except Shireen.
Starks have probably the best chance of actually existing when the novels end.
2149	Dragonstoned	2013-05-04	The wolves will come again
2150	Birdsong65	2013-05-04	Robb, Ned, and UnCat are the only real losses.A man could suggest that Robb's death was foretold in the "dutiful" coupling of Ned and Catelyn, their wedding night lacking in passion as it was, his very conception the fruit of said consummation.A man could suggest this....A man could also suggest that the remaining children, Jon Snow included, are the result of love/passion, and not dutiful actions, which is why they continue to live.A man encourages one to wrap one's mind around that.
2151	Steve Stark	2013-05-04	A man could suggest that Robb's death was foretold in the "dutiful" coupling of Ned and Catelyn, their wedding night lacking in passion as it was, his very conception the fruit of said consummation.A man could suggest this....A man could also suggest that the remaining children, Jon Snow included, are the result of love/passion, and not dutiful actions, which is why they continue to live.A man encourages one to wrap one's mind around that.A man laughs at this concept of an idea. A man does not laugh mockingly, mind you, but respects another man's ideas, whether they are wrong or right.
2152	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	A man laughs at this concept of an idea. A man does not laugh mockingly, mind you, but respects another man's ideas, whether they are wrong or right.Or, you know, bizarre?  One's mind... wraps.
2153	intheswamp	2013-05-04	The Starks don't have it much worse than any other Great House.  There are still four Stark kids about and probably half a Stark, and who knows where Benjen is.  Winterfell fell, but will most likely end up in Stark hands once more before all is said and done.
Of the Great Houses, only the Tyrells haven't lost any key members, and that will change soon.  The main Arryn branch is gone and the Vale is controlled by the man who had their last lord poisoned; the Tullys have lost Riverrun, Hoster, Cat, and Lysa; the Lannisters have lost multiple members, with more to come; the Baratheons are now down to Stannis, Shireen, and a bunch of bastard and Storm's End is about to fall; the Greyjoys lost Balon, Theon is broken, and I expect most of those left to die; the Martells lost Oberyn and Quentyn, with more death likely to come.
2154	Effie	2013-05-05	We started the story with the Starks in the middle, so losing them was obviously hardest, but I agree that an objective view on the other houses shows that almost no family was spared. The reason it seems worse for the Starks is our shifted sympathy. (and even that changes as the story continues, as we experience right now with the show and people starting to understand Jaime's actions and feel bad for Theon) 
This telling of the story is amazing as we as readers get thrown back and forth, never quite knowing what to feel about certain things because we know there's a huge back story to almost everything that happens and at this point I hope that we won't get too much of a happy-ending feeling in the forthcoming books, just because it makes the story much more vivid and realistic in a way.
2155	Raven's Teeth	2013-05-05	Stark/York
Lannister/Lancaster
In The Wars of The Roses, Lancaster won.
Hopefully GRRM has a different outcome in mind for his books.
2156	Raven's Teeth	2013-05-05	Stark/YorkLannister/LancasterIn The Wars of The Roses, Lancaster won.Hopefully GRRM has a different outcome in mind for his books.Just remembered there were no dragons in medieval England. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2157	Master Forel's Fro	2013-05-05	Stark/YorkLannister/LancasterIn The Wars of The Roses, Lancaster won.Hopefully GRRM has a different outcome in mind for his books.That would the worst thing that could happen, the fact the lannisters will get their comeuppance is what keeps me reading the books.
2158	Dove	2013-05-05	Of the Great Houses, only the Tyrells haven't lost any key members, and that will change soon.  The main Arryn branch is gone and the Vale is controlled by the man who had their last lord poisoned; the Tullys have lost Riverrun, Hoster, Cat, and Lysa; the Lannisters have lost multiple members, with more to come; the Baratheons are now down to Stannis, Shireen, and a bunch of bastard and Storm's End is about to fall; the Greyjoys lost Balon, Theon is broken, and I expect most of those left to die; the Martells lost Oberyn and Quentyn, with more death likely to come.This is all true, with a Stark-centric view of the books it's easy to forget that all the major houses have suffered major loses with one possible exception - even in the Tyrell's case, they've come close to losing Loras. Or not? Apparently there's a theory about him not being as grievously injured as it seems? I haven't got the chance to read it so I'm not sure if it's crackpot or not, though.The Lannisters have been getting their comeuppance this whole time, in a way. Tywin is dead, Cersei is disgraced, Tyrion is exiled, and Jaime is maimed but trying to become a better person than he was. It's the Boltons and the Freys and Littlefinger that've gained the most lately, but even then it's come at a big cost. The Freys are reviled by enemies and allies alike, the Boltons are in a super precarious position and are only tolerated because of fear and "Arya", who's just escaped, and Littlefinger is Littlefinger.
2159	wolverine	2013-05-05	That would the worst thing that could happen, the fact the lannisters will get their comeuppance is what keeps me reading the books.If that is all that keeps you reading the books maybe you should...
2160	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	A man could suggest that Robb's death was foretold in the "dutiful" coupling of Ned and Catelyn, their wedding night lacking in passion as it was, his very conception the fruit of said consummation.A man could suggest this....A man could also suggest that the remaining children, Jon Snow included, are the result of love/passion, and not dutiful actions, which is why they continue to live.A man encourages one to wrap one's mind around that.Hmm. Very interesting way of looking at it.
2161	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-05	I believe there will be some light at the end of the tunnel for the Starks
2162	King of the Road	2013-05-05	It won't be a total revenge, but I would definitely fancy some element of justice for the Starks. At least one of them will make it out alive to exact revenge.
2163	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-05	Whomever is the next lord (or lady Stark) needs to ditch Neds honourable ways and take on one or two of Tywins ruthless qualities so that the Stark family wont be brutalised in this way again.
2164	Mr Hodor	2013-05-05	but lannisters by the end of book 5 have had their fair share of bad luck
ETA: Book 5 Spoilers
	Spoiler 
Tywin/Kevan - Murdered; Jamie crippled, Cersei jailed and walk of shame, Tyrion became a slave (though came out of it pretty quick)
Compare that to Starks
Jon- LC of NW (and hopefully the protagnist of the story. and i dont believe him dead), Bran - All set to become an old god, Sansa - Becoming a player in game of thrones, Arya - Gods be good she is an assassin now. Am unsure about rickon but if the direwolves are any any reflection of the character of their starks...
The last book was supposed to be names a time of wolves.

					
					
							Edited by Great White Walker, 05 May 2013 - 11:44 AM.
2165	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-05	but lannisters by the end of book 5 have had their fair share of bad luckETA: Book 5 Spoilers
	Spoiler Tywin/Kevan - Murdered; Jamie crippled, Cersei jailed and walk of shame, Tyrion became a slave (though came out of it pretty quick)Compare that to StarksJon- LC of NW (and hopefully the protagnist of the story. and i dont believe him dead), Bran - All set to become an old god, Sansa - Becoming a player in game of thrones, Arya - Gods be good she is an assassin now. Am unsure about rickon but if the direwolves are any any reflection of the character of their starks...The last book was supposed to be names a time of wolves.
The difference being the lannisters destroyed themselves and the Starks were crushed by their enemies.
2166	Mr Hodor	2013-05-05	The difference being the lannisters destroyed themselves and the Starks were crushed by their enemies.i somehow dont feel so. Only Cersei destroyed herself, the rest suffered due to unforeseen circumstances.
2167	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	The Lannisters maintained power only because the real players of the game use Cersei's short-sighted stupidness to their advantage. And then Tyrion kills the only capable Lannister so, yes that's destroying yourself, and Varys takes care of Kevan who comes to show himself as capable.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 May 2013 - 01:11 PM.
2168	gogorath	2013-05-05	That would the worst thing that could happen, the fact the lannisters will get their comeuppance is what keeps me reading the books.Tywin's dead, Joffrey's dead, Kevan's dead, Cersei's been imprisoned and marching through KL's naked, not to mention seeing her child die before her eyes, Tyrion's lost all power and has been sold into slavery, even if he's getting out of it now. Jaime lost a hand, the love of his life, feels betrayed by his brother and is re-examining everything. Even Myrcella has been scarred? What more do you want? Tommen being eaten by cannibals?
					
					
							Edited by gogorath, 05 May 2013 - 01:37 PM.
2169	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	deleted--oops, i'm in the wrong thread.  Moving to the correct one..
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 05 May 2013 - 01:48 PM.
2170	Fuse Prime	2013-05-05	Tywin's dead, Joffrey's dead, Kevan's dead, Cersei's been imprisoned and marching through KL's naked, not to mention seeing her child die before her eyes, Tyrion's lost all power and has been sold into slavery, even if he's getting out of it now. Jaime lost a hand, the love of his life, feels betrayed by his brother and is re-examining everything. Even Myrcella has been scarred?What more do you want? Tommen being eaten by cannibals?Yes.  As a matter of fact, I do.  That would make for an amazing chapter.
2171	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	Yes.  As a matter of fact, I do.  That would make for an amazing chapter.A choking fit due to one of Ser Pounce's fur balls perhaps?
2172	Angmar	2013-05-05	It's because we see the main events from their POVs, so the series is overall biased towards them. If we had a POV for every family I'm sure things would be different.
Still, though, I do believe good things will come. The Lannisters are slowly going down, one by one.
2173	Garlan Marius	2013-05-05	It's because we see the main events from their POVs, so the series is overall biased towards them. If we had a POV for every family I'm sure things would be different.Still, though, I do believe good things will come. The Lannisters are slowly going down, one by one.I'm sorry, what?  We have 4 Stark POVs, 3 Lannister POVs, 4 Greyjoy POVs, 3 Martell POVs, 1 Targaryen POV, 1 Tully POV.  A ton of the main events take place for non-Starks, so I'm not sure what you're getting at.
2174	Lord Damian	2013-05-05	The two red headed Stark women really screw that family up bad. Cat and her favorite child, Sansa, the choices they made throughout the first 3 books are devastating to the Starks.
2175	Fredwin	2013-05-05	I think it just comes down to realism. The most righteous people do not always triumph nor do the wicked always prevail. In life you should cherish every victory, and I think no matter how bittersweet there will be something worthwhile to behold at the end of the tale.
2176	oakenhelm	2013-05-05	I think it just comes down to realism. The most righteous people do not always triumph nor do the wicked always prevail. In life you should cherish every victory, and I think no matter how bittersweet there will be something worthwhile to behold at the end of the tale.I can appreciate that. But the good don't always fall prey to the schemes of the wicked. That isn't realistic either IMO.But we aren't done yet. The pendulum will swing the other way. Maybe not as far as some will like, but it will.
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 05 May 2013 - 10:15 PM.
2177	Montey14	2013-05-05	In this episode we will see the negotiations for the RW. Soon Robb and Cat will join Ned in death. Our beloved Starks are being taken out. Theon sacked Winterfel which has since been burned to the ground, Sansa is about to be married to the Imp, Arya is about to be kidnapped by the hound and forced to see her family slaughtered, Bran and Rickon are presumed dead and Jon Snow is presumed a traitor to the Knights Watch.I know the Stark's are supposedly the "good guys" but man do they have it rough. Why does he force us to love the Stark's only to make us read/watch them suffer since Bran was thrown from the wall in the first season. I know the Lannisters will get theirs in time but reading and watching the Stark's stories makes me sad and angry. Why do the good guy's always suffer the most?I'm just curious if anyone thinks we will ever see the Stark's truly get revenge for the crimes done against them? Will we ever see Arya, Sansa, Bran, Rickon and Jon together again? Will the Stark's have a happy ending once this story is complete? Will Benjen ever show back up? Will Jon end up being the saving grace for the family, even after turning down the rights to have the Stark name? I'm so lost seeing how there can be a happy ending for the Stark's.I know this is way to early for this conversation but the show won't catch up for another 4-5 years . . . .  If Westerosi lore is correct...the Starks have never had it easy...from their wars wit the Boltons and the wildings....the kings in the north have always had a rough time of it....yet they perservered.....poor Neds father and brother....what a miserable deaths...
2178	Envie	2013-05-06	When you consider net losses, the Starks aren't as far down as other houses. Robb, Ned, and UnCat are the only real losses. We have Sansa in a strong position to retain power, Bran doing his thing, Rickon on his way back (presumably) and Arya's eventual return to Westeros. If you compare them to, say, the Lannisters, Tywin, Kevan, and Joffrey are all dead, Jaime is a Kingsguard (no inheritance), Cersei is batshit insane and a trainwreck, and Tyrion is in exile. The main branch of House Lannister is in the shit, as are the Baratheons, who have lost just about everyone and have no heirs, except Shireen.Starks have probably the best chance of actually existing when the novels end.I like your summary perspective very much. By seeing it from that angle we're reminded that the Lannisters are not going to fare so well either. Right now it seems like they're on top but all of that's about to change. I also am always reminding myself that it's not called "Game of Thrones" for no reason - it really is a very precarious chess board they're all on. Even moreso that many other houses and characters become key players as well so it's not all Good vs. Bad, White vs. Black.
2179	Mendoza	2013-05-06	Robb lost the war when he let Theon go to broker a Stark/Greyjoy alliance and it ended up with the North being invaded and his brothers seemingly murdered. Breaking his marriage vow had little to do with it. JMO.  Boltons/Freys are weasels and were looking for an exit strategy. Robb becomes a martyr and Lady Stoneheart becomes unforgiving vengeance. Neither were the actual heroes of the story.
I also think, once you got a host of scumbags introduced in book 4 and 5, many of whom I can't be bothered to care about one way or another, yet even getting pov chapters because the plot requires it, I say let the scumbags kill each other while the surviving Starks learn their skills in satefy. Very few of these late comers will make it out of this series, me thinks. The fact that the Lannisters lost two Stark girls and Theon lost the Stark boys, and Jon Snow is going to get a 'get out of death' free card, points to some nice plot armor for those Starks.
2180	sansa's sworn sword	2013-05-06	Grrm hates us. if he kills another stark I'm going to burn  my books
2181	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	"The wolves will return." It is known aka Jojen said so. Everybody calm down. The ending will be "bittersweet" so we may lose Jon/Arya, but the rest will survive and rebuild Winterfell. Personally, I was more upset at Grey Wind's death than Robb's. Reading from the direwolves perspective that they knew their brother and sister (Lady) were gone were the only moments I felt misty eyed.
2182	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	"The wolves will return." It is known aka Jojen said so. Everybody calm down. The ending will be "bittersweet" so we may lose Jon/Arya, but the rest will survive and rebuild Winterfell. Personally, I was more upset at Grey Wind's death than Robb's. Reading from the direwolves perspective that they knew their brother and sister (Lady) were gone were the only moments I felt misty eyed.Let Ghost live and have Nymeria continue to destroy everything with that huge pack of hers. Or oo have Ghost join if Jon uh bites it.
2183	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Let Ghost live and have Nymeria continue to destroy everything with that huge pack of hers. Or oo have Ghost join if Jon uh bites it.Yes!Personally, my (crack)pot theory is that Nymeria and her hundreds of wolves will kill every Frey. I picture Nymeria howling: "EVERYONE GETS A FREY! YOU GET A FREY! AND YOU!" The End.
2184	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	Yes!Personally, my (crack)pot theory is that Nymeria and her hundreds of wolves will kill every Frey. I picture Nymeria howling: "EVERYONE GETS A FREY! YOU GET A FREY! AND YOU!" The End.There's a lot of Freys, they better pick up the pace.
2185	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	There's a lot of Freys, they better pick up the pace.Well, they're practising for it by killing plenty of men and getting a taste for man-flesh. I think there are enough wolves for one Frey per wolf, when the time comes. /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' /> /hat.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':hat:' />
2186	mafalda	2013-05-06	This is completely random, but I read a theory somewhere that the Stark family (minus Jon I guess) represents the Seven..
Father- Ned
Mother- Cat
Warrior- Robb
Maiden- Sansa
Crone-Bran
Stranger- Arya
Smith- Rickon
I'm just interested in hearing your opinions on it. Sorry if this was already discussed because I'm far too lazy to search through posts on here!
Anyway, I really hope the Starks get their vengeance and I believe they will. But as long as Arya doesn't die, I'm fine with it!
2187	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	Maybe all the newfound wealth from the show has brightened GRRM's pessimistic life and he will change the original ending he had in mind where everyone dies except for the fat characters.
2188	Winterz	2013-05-06	The Starks have it rough now. That scene where Wylla Manderly and her monologue about being Stark men was so emotional because of all the bad shit that happened to them. In the long run, while I don't think there's going to be some happy ending, I think the Starks will prevail in some sense.This, basically.It won't be exactly a "happy ending", but the Starks are very likely to prevail.
2189	episodenone	2013-05-06	Other than the fact that the Starks basically were the focus of Book 1 -  I no longer think this is a story about the Starks.
They are simply one family in a super long saga.
Bilbo starts off the Hobbit -- but the entire LotR mythos does not hinge in the participation of the Baggin's.
In ASoIaF if you really think this entire story is about the Starks still -- you probably missed the point of having 200 other characters
2190	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-05-06	We feel really badly for the Starks because they suffer, horribly in some cases. The kids especially go through some terrible loss of innocence events, which is heart-wrenching. But the ones who still live are, well, alive, and as show!Arya said to Beric, that's better than being dead.
2191	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-06	Because it makes for a good story and you're constantly rooting for the Starks to overcome their ordeals. But knowing GRRM, I'm not gonna be expecting a happy ending for them at the end. It's not going to be anything worse than what they've already gone through but definitely no happily ever after.
2192	Silverx2	2013-05-06	something else to consider is just how lucky Arya has been throughout everything.
In the books She escapes the red keep during the capturing of the starks
Shes grabbed by a Stark loyalist from the NW and smuggled out of kings landing
She manages to escape through a hidden path from that keep during the Lannister raid, after just so happens she frees a facelessman
She gets captured by the mountains men and somehow survives to make it to harrenhall where she with the help of a faceless man frees boltons men, and becomes his cup bearer
Somehow manages to escape from harrenhall with her friends
Has her wolf pack kill and eat all of the patrols chasing them, while at the same time leaving her and her friends alone(at this point arya can see through nymeria but we dont see her having any control yet its all just dreams.
Then shes captured again but this time by the only decent people left in westeros, who agree to take her home when we all know the lannisters would have paid WAY more.
Get captured by the hound, who just wants to bring her home in the hopes that her brother will give him a job
Gets to the red wedding JUST in time to not get killed during dinner.
gets her sword 
Is able to ditch the hound now thinking that all of her family(sans sansa, jon snow) is dead
Manages to get a ride to bravos without anyone trying anything sketchy
Before being accepted into assassin school.
Kind of feels like the faceless men have been watching her for a lot longer then when she meets Jaqen, and that mayhaps they had a plan for her the whole time.
2193	drayrock	2013-05-06	When you consider net losses, the Starks aren't as far down as other houses. Robb, Ned, and UnCat are the only real losses. We have Sansa in a strong position to retain power, Bran doing his thing, Rickon on his way back (presumably) and Arya's eventual return to Westeros. If you compare them to, say, the Lannisters, Tywin, Kevan, and Joffrey are all dead, Jaime is a Kingsguard (no inheritance), Cersei is batshit insane and a trainwreck, and Tyrion is in exile. The main branch of House Lannister is in the shit, as are the Baratheons, who have lost just about everyone and have no heirs, except Shireen.Starks have probably the best chance of actually existing when the novels end.Sansa's been living in terror for pretty much every book!
2194	drayrock	2013-05-06	One could say that's ironic but i think that as far as one could go
2195	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-06	What makes Starks the good guys? We've only really seen the latest generation. The previous ones may not have been nearly as 'good' or honorable, and in fact there is some evidence to point to their having been involved in some very dark and controversial things. 
Why do they have it so bad? Mainly as a result of dangerous mistakes that they have made. Sure, Ned and Robb were both honorable, but they were also not diligent enough to protect themselves from their enemies. They basically killed themselves. I would rather read a story where people suffer losses based on the decisions they make, than one where there are one or more 'heroes' who have some kind of divine protection against the 'evil' of the story, and who wreak righteous poetic justice on the villains. I hate those stories. That's the whole reason I read ASoIaF instead of some other fantasy books.
2196	TNine	2013-05-06	I don't think the question is whether or not the Starks will return.  The question is whether, by the time that happens, that will be a good thing.
Ned was a great guy, and so was Cat and Robb.  But they're dead.  So what do we have left?  Sansa is in the hands of a man who wants to turn her into his prodigy, make her as callous as he is.  She's retained her basic morality, can the same be said of the other two?  Arya has been killing without hesitation or remorse since ACOK, and her training continues to feed into that.  Bran has been using Hodor as worse than a slave, robbing the poor halfwit of even his basic free will.  What if these lessons stick?  What if, when the Starks return, they aren't the noble folks who always do the right thing?  What if they are ruthless players who believe in utterly annihilating their enemies root-and-stem until there is nothing left?  What if the tragedy of the story is that good guys are taught how to be bad guys, and taught that only the bad guys win, and that's what *they* take away from their journey?
Food for thought.
2197	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-06	I don't think the question is whether or not the Starks will return.  The question is whether, by the time that happens, that will be a good thing. What if the tragedy of the story is that good guys are taught how to be bad guys, and taught that only the bad guys win, and that's what *they* take away from their journey?Food for thought.I'm with you. I hope that Martin has something much more interesting in mind for the future of the Starks than them simply having their just revenge. I would be sincerely disappointed if they were somehow simply vindicated or had their wrongs righted, even if it were done in a way that was bittersweet.
2198	Honey Badger	2013-05-06	It's not the third act yet.  They'll get their revenge.  Knowing George it won't be happy, but they'll get some.
2199	karna1983	2013-05-07	Stark/YorkLannister/LancasterIn The Wars of The Roses, Lancaster won.Hopefully GRRM has a different outcome in mind for his books.But the Tyrells/Tudors became the ruling house.
2200	Mulled Wino	2013-05-08	something else to consider is just how lucky Arya has been throughout everything.In the books She escapes the red keep during the capturing of the starksShes grabbed by a Stark loyalist from the NW and smuggled out of kings landingShe manages to escape through a hidden path from that keep during the Lannister raid, after just so happens she frees a facelessmanShe gets captured by the mountains men and somehow survives to make it to harrenhall where she with the help of a faceless man frees boltons men, and becomes his cup bearerSomehow manages to escape from harrenhall with her friendsHas her wolf pack kill and eat all of the patrols chasing them, while at the same time leaving her and her friends alone(at this point arya can see through nymeria but we dont see her having any control yet its all just dreams.Then shes captured again but this time by the only decent people left in westeros, who agree to take her home when we all know the lannisters would have paid WAY more.Get captured by the hound, who just wants to bring her home in the hopes that her brother will give him a jobGets to the red wedding JUST in time to not get killed during dinner.gets her sword Is able to ditch the hound now thinking that all of her family(sans sansa, jon snow) is deadManages to get a ride to bravos without anyone trying anything sketchyBefore being accepted into assassin school.Kind of feels like the faceless men have been watching her for a lot longer then when she meets Jaqen, and that mayhaps they had a plan for her the whole time.all this makes her half as lucky as tyrion, and still twice as realistic
2201	King of Hats	2013-05-08	Someone get word to George...'A Time for Wolves' is an epic title for the final book!
2202	Northbound	2013-05-08	- "The Wolves will come again" Jojen Reed(based off a vision/dream he had)
- Martin's original plan for the final book to be named "A time of Wolves", is a bit telling to me.
In the end the Starks, will have either a satisfying or happy ending(my hope); but I doubt it will happen, before more deaths.
2203	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	The Starks are meant to be tragic figures...tragic not only because most of us sympathize with them and like/love them on some level, but tragic because their deaths symbolize a victory for deception and treachery over honesty and honor.  Also, I think some of this is Martin's way of reminding the reader/viewer that this is NOT The Knights of the Round Table or The Lord of the Rings, in which you just know that somehow the heroes will triumph in the end and the wicked will be vanquished.But some readers, such as myself, want at least some goodness, some of the good guys, to survive and triumph.  If GRRM kills all the Starks except Rickon, and leaves Ramsey Bolton alive, he'll have totally disappointed me.  I don't mind trials and tribulations, but if I want to read only about everything good and noble and fine being frustrated/destroyed; I can read RL news...
2204	Zorpack	2013-05-08	In this episode we will see the negotiations for the RW. Soon Robb and Cat will join Ned in death. Our beloved Starks are being taken out. Theon sacked Winterfel which has since been burned to the ground, Sansa is about to be married to the Imp, Arya is about to be kidnapped by the hound and forced to see her family slaughtered, Bran and Rickon are presumed dead and Jon Snow is presumed a traitor to the Knights Watch.I know the Stark's are supposedly the "good guys" but man do they have it rough. Why does he force us to love the Stark's only to make us read/watch them suffer since Bran was thrown from the wall in the first season. I know the Lannisters will get theirs in time but reading and watching the Stark's stories makes me sad and angry. Why do the good guy's always suffer the most?I'm just curious if anyone thinks we will ever see the Stark's truly get revenge for the crimes done against them? Will we ever see Arya, Sansa, Bran, Rickon and Jon together again? Will the Stark's have a happy ending once this story is complete? Will Benjen ever show back up? Will Jon end up being the saving grace for the family, even after turning down the rights to have the Stark name? I'm so lost seeing how there can be a happy ending for the Stark's.I know this is way to early for this conversation but the show won't catch up for another 4-5 years . . . .Because....Winter is Coming.
2205	Zorpack	2013-05-08	Stark/YorkLannister/LancasterIn The Wars of The Roses, Lancaster won.Hopefully GRRM has a different outcome in mind for his books.Whoa this is cool. Never put that together before.
2206	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	But some readers, such as myself, want at least some goodness, some of the good guys, to survive and triumph.  If GRRM kills all the Starks except Rickon, and leaves Ramsey Bolton alive, he'll have totally disappointed me.  I don't mind trials and tribulations, but if I want to read only about everything good and noble and fine being frustrated/destroyed; I can read RL news...I agree, I am all for realism, but I don't want to have ultimately read thousands of pages for the bottom line message to turn out to be that good guys finish last, that evil triumphs over good, that being honorable is for chumps and the way to win in life is to be the most ruthless asshole left standing, so some kind of Stark resurgence kind of needs to happen to prevent that from being the theme of the series.
2207	karna1983	2013-05-08	Whoa this is cool. Never put that together before.The Tyrells are the Tudors, who succeded both
2208	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	The running gag throughout the fandom is that this book series and tv show should be called "Everyone you like dies". I think that pretty much sums it up.
2209	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	The Starks are meant to be tragic figures...tragic not only because most of us sympathize with them and like/love them on some level, but tragic because their deaths symbolize a victory for deception and treachery over honesty and honor.  Also, I think some of this is Martin's way of reminding the reader/viewer that this is NOT The Knights of the Round Table or The Lord of the Rings, in which you just know that somehow the heroes will triumph in the end and the wicked will be vanquished. VERY well said ser
2210	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	I agree, I am all for realism, but I don't want to have ultimately read thousands of pages for the bottom line message to turn out to be that good guys finish last, that evil triumphs over good, that being honorable is for chumps and the way to win in life is to be the most ruthless asshole left standing, so some kind of Stark resurgence kind of needs to happen to prevent that from being the theme of the series.I hope in the end we will have some kind of glimpse into the future. I want there to be stories and songs about the Stark children and what happened to them and what they over came. I now its a little silly and clich&eacute; but I would be so greatly happy if that were some how a possible ending
2211	Stark@heart	2013-05-09	In Winter, the pack must stay together to survive.
The story starts at the end of a very long summer.  The pack splits up and some die, others only live because they run from who they are.
Now that Winter is Coming - I don't think that will be an option for the Starks any longer.  I think they'll all be pulled back to Winterfell. It's where the story started and I think where it will end.
I think we may have to suffer through atleast one more Stark death.   I don't think poor little Rickon has survived his ordeal after leaving Winterfell. 
I think Davos will find Osha with a fierce black direwolf that answers to the name of Rickon now.  I also think he'll end up in the Vale with Sansa.  That's my idea of a bittersweet.
2212	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	In Winter, the pack must stay together to survive.The story starts at the end of a very long summer.  The pack splits up and some die, others only live because they run from who they are.Now that Winter is Coming - I don't think that will be an option for the Starks any longer.  I think they'll all be pulled back to Winterfell. It's where the story started and I think where it will end.I think we may have to suffer through atleast one more Stark death.   I don't think poor little Rickon has survived his ordeal after leaving Winterfell.I think Davos will find Osha with a fierce black direwolf that answers to the name of Rickon now.  I also think he'll end up in the Vale with Sansa.  That's my idea of a bittersweet.No, I think Rickon for sure will survive because without him, the Stark line, for all intents and purposes will end, they need a male heir to carry on the Stark name and Bran is paralized and turning into a weirwood tree.  Unless Jon Snow/Targaryen/Stark decides to become a "Stark" without Rickon its all over for them when this generation dies, so he exists for the sole plot purpose of being the future heir.  My bet is that Arya is the one who dies.
2213	'96Buck	2013-05-09	It appears to be to be heading toward united Targaryen strength, w/ dragons, in the North, vs. the Walkers.  The strength of House Stark had to fall, first, to set that up. Without Nedd heading south and all that then happened, a North united under Stark could hold the Wall, at least arguably if not plausibly, IMO.  A depleted NW guarding a depleted and fractured North, with NO help from the Crown requires outside aid.
2214	yushkevsh	2013-05-09	What still baffles me is that the poor Starks never got revenge on Joffrey - the little brat who is arguably their biggest adversary. Before I got to the scene where he dies in aSoS I was convinced Arya, Sansa or Bran at least was getting to be the one that kills him, and likely in an extremely powerful, climatic scene.
Instead we get him gasping on the floor from poison ... yawn. Talk about a failed opportunity. GRRM, with all due respect, when you have a truly evil bad guy in a story the audience REALLY wants him to suffer a brutal, or at least shocking, end. And in this case it meant one of the Starks getting a feel good moment that I think it's safe to say most readers would've loved.
					
					
							Edited by yushkevsh, 09 May 2013 - 04:20 PM.
2215	Leo de Salto	2013-05-09	I think the starks are quite fine, Jon if R+L is true, then it means he is a real Stark and if he died in DwD and was resurrected by Melisandre then his oath is end and he could take Winterfell.
If not, then you have Rickon or Arya to do so(Bran isnt likely to come south again, and Sansa, is too stupid D:), any of them would have the support of the whole north, least the Boltons and maybe the Karstarks..
Also the Manderlys are(it seems) still loyal, and they have quite a lot strength, and a secret fleet too.
2216	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-10	I think we are just starting to see that trampling on loyalty and honour can backfire. Look at the Freys. No one likes them, not even their allies. Wyman said there will be blood and vengeance. And Jojen said the wolves will come again, so we know it will happen.
2217	Skinchangers Inc.	2013-05-10	Its the beauty of George RR Martin ... first making you love the Starks then endure you with all the losses , esp the RW ( which bone chilling ) , then I guess Starks will get a happy ending sorts in GRRM's own way . The title of the last book also was supposed to ' A Time for Wolves ' so I guess that gives away a lot .
So just keep your patience the Starks will have their due.
2218	Dove	2013-05-10	Instead we get him gasping on the floor from poison ... yawn. Talk about a failed opportunity. GRRM, with all due respect, when you have a truly evil bad guy in a story the audience REALLY wants him to suffer a brutal, or at least shocking, end. And in this case it meant one of the Starks getting a feel good moment that I think it's safe to say most readers would've loved.I get where you're coming from (because who didn't want Sansa, Arya, or Robb to be the one to put that little shit down, at least at first) but that's probably my favorite part about the whole series, is that GRRM doesn't really go out of his way to pander to readers and give them what they want.
2219	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	In Winter, the pack must stay together to survive.The story starts at the end of a very long summer.  The pack splits up and some die, others only live because they run from who they are.Now that Winter is Coming - I don't think that will be an option for the Starks any longer.  I think they'll all be pulled back to Winterfell. It's where the story started and I think where it will end.I think we may have to suffer through atleast one more Stark death.   I don't think poor little Rickon has survived his ordeal after leaving Winterfell.I think Davos will find Osha with a fierce black direwolf that answers to the name of Rickon now.  I also think he'll end up in the Vale with Sansa.  That's my idea of a bittersweet.that's very good, I feel the same way but the theory that Rickon will be dead is interesting i'm not sure GRRM will go through with that, but I agree another Stark will die before all this is over, then maybe another one in the end if my theories about the ending hold true. hopefully the next Stark to die will be Sansa, I know it sounds mean and its not because I don't like her or anything like that, she just seems at this point to have the least to offer for the advancing war, but im happy for GRRM to prove me wrong, very happyI think the starks are quite fine, Jon if R+L is true, then it means he is a real Stark and if he died in DwD and was resurrected by Melisandre then his oath is end and he could take Winterfell.If not, then you have Rickon or Arya to do so(Bran isnt likely to come south again, and Sansa, is too stupid D:), any of them would have the support of the whole north, least the Boltons and maybe the Karstarks..Also the Manderlys are(it seems) still loyal, and they have quite a lot strength, and a secret fleet too.if R&L=J is true then Jon would be a Targ, but still a bastard (unless they secretly married) but it might not matter if Robbs will finds its way to someone able to carry out the actions in it. IF that should happen Jon would be legitimised and crown King of the North. if the R&L=J should come out that might not matter compared with a kings words. in my mind we WILL find out about Jons parentage but I think it will simply be us readers who know, I feel it will remain a secret to Westeros and Jon himself
2220	boojam	2013-05-10	78 replies , supposedly a thread about the Starks, then someone sensibly points out that the Lannisters have had as bad off, then as a good thread does, digressions from the topic title.
I think that's the way threads should go!
In 78 replies not a single one about Targaryens!
If  Aegon VI (and that gaggle of other names he has) turns out to be a fake, then Dany is really the only full blood Targaryen left! 
(I mean Maester Aemon (Aemon Targaryen) has died.)
If Aegon is real that makes two.
It still drives me crazy that there seems to have been no other Targaryen high born or medium born or low born, left anywhere , well we don't know that for dead sure, but GRRM seems to have no explanation of that at all.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 10 May 2013 - 06:33 AM.
2221	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	78 replies , supposedly a thread about the Starks, then someone sensibly points out that the Lannisters have had as bad off, then as a good thread does, digressions from the topic title.I think that's the way threads should go!In 78 replies not a single one about Targaryens!If  Aegon VI (and that gaggle of other names he has) turns out to be a fake, then Dany is really the only full blood Targaryen left!(I mean Maester Aemon (Aemon Targaryen) has died.)If Aegon is real that makes two.It still drives me crazy that there seems to have been no other Targaryen high born or medium born or low born, left anywhere , well we don't know that for dead sure, but GRRM seems to have no explanation of that at all.Didn't a lot of them get killed off in the original Dance with Dragons war, that's my vague recollection, and then another bunch died trying to turn themselves into dragons, so by the present generation they were already sort of depleted in terms of numbers.
2222	Mulled Wino	2013-05-10	78 replies , supposedly a thread about the Starks, then someone sensibly points out that the Lannisters have had as bad off, then as a good thread does, digressions from the topic title.I think that's the way threads should go!In 78 replies not a single one about Targaryens!If  Aegon VI (and that gaggle of other names he has) turns out to be a fake, then Dany is really the only full blood Targaryen left! (I mean Maester Aemon (Aemon Targaryen) has died.)If Aegon is real that makes two.It still drives me crazy that there seems to have been no other Targaryen high born or medium born or low born, left anywhere , well we don't know that for dead sure, but GRRM seems to have no explanation of that at all.Because we all want all the targs dead...Of course there's real explanations from grrm, robert, clegane, stannis, jamie, and drago took care of that-
2223	boojam	2013-05-10	Because we all want all the targs dead...Of course there's real explanations from grrm, robert, clegane, stannis, jamie, and drago took care of that-What the hell, everybody in Westeros is going to be dead if the Others break through the wall.
2224	Mulled Wino	2013-05-10	What the hell, everybody in Westeros is going to be dead if the Others break through the wall.Somehow Tyrion will live....
2225	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-10	I agree another Stark will probably die. I just hope it's not Arya. That would break my heart since she's my favorite character. However, I think for most people Sansa or Rickon dying wouldn't shock the reader as much so who knows what George will do. I didn't include Jon. He's a definitely a Targ.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 10 May 2013 - 09:25 AM.
2226	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	Somehow Tyrion will live....yeah he will just keep a low profile in Essos while it all goes down... HAR /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 10 May 2013 - 09:19 AM.
2227	Stag Country	2013-05-13	Stark/YorkLannister/LancasterIn The Wars of The Roses, Lancaster won.Hopefully GRRM has a different outcome in mind for his books.Actually that<U+0080><U+0099>s technically not really true.  Neither House can really be said to have <U+0080><U+009C>won<U+0080><U+009D>.  Both the Houses of Lancaster and York were actually cadet branches of the Plantagenet Dynasty. In the end the House of Lancaster was wiped out down to the last man.  Henry Tudor came to the forefront because of the extreme unpopularity of the last of the seemingly victorious York Kings, Richard III.  When he defeated Richard at Bosworth and assumed the crown, he married Richard<U+0080><U+0099>s niece, the daughter of the former King Edward IV.  Thus in the end a new dynasty was created (Tudor) that essentially merged both houses.
					
					
							Edited by Stag Country, 13 May 2013 - 12:41 PM.
2228	Stag Country	2013-05-13	But the Tyrells/Tudors became the ruling house.There really isn't any characteristics that Henry Tudor shares with Tyrell family.  How did you come up with that comparison?
2229	DaBillmann	2013-05-18	Tywin's dead, Joffrey's dead, Kevan's dead, Cersei's been imprisoned and marching through KL's naked, not to mention seeing her child die before her eyes, Tyrion's lost all power and has been sold into slavery, even if he's getting out of it now. Jaime lost a hand, the love of his life, feels betrayed by his brother and is re-examining everything. Even Myrcella has been scarred?What more do you want? Tommen being eaten by cannibals?  i am a truly horrible person. tommen is a sweet little guy, and yet, I find that question to be hilarious.
2230	MidnightAurora	2013-07-04	I am still hoping for something to get them or at least the surviving Starks to reunite or something. I am thinking of the words Ned's spirit whispered through the heart to Arya in ACOKK: " When the lone wolf dies, the pack survives." Meaning the children/pack will survive even if not together. Although i think all will be reunited sort of in the end as it is shown the direwolves/ children are strongest when together.
2231	Kevin VanNatter	2013-07-22	I read a line somewhere that from an author's perspective, the Starks aren't there for us to root for, the Starks are there for us to mourn.  No one's emotions are tugged when a bad guy, or some random nobody guy, gets killed, even if the death is unfair and undeserved.  But do something awful and unfair to our good guy, ah, that hurts.  That's great story-telling.Reading that made me really sad just now. It's so true. They will never emerge victorious in this story.
2232	tito5601	2013-04-02	in one of the trailers littlefinger talks about the climb is all the matters (or was it the ladder) it was the trailer about chaos where we see all the characters faces.  i think this episode will feature him heavily, what do u guys think he will be up to can this potentially be the episode where he helps sansa escape if yes then the show would have changed alittle too much from the book and many ppl wont be happy about it
2233	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-03	Well I'm pretty sure they cut out Dontos from the show apart from the little tease in episode 1 season 2, but tbh losing Dontos is not such a big deal.
But i think the climb refers to Tormund scaling the wall.
2234	Bayard	2013-04-03	The Climb is Tormund 
	Spoiler  Sansa must be present at the PW, the next season, so she stays in KL for now
2235	The Red Pope	2013-04-03	I know Tormund will among those who climb the Wall because of the trailer. But that creates two problems:
	Spoiler All those who climbed in the book died and he's supposed to unite part of the Wildlings north of the Wall after the big battle.
I wonder how they'll solve them so he can play his parts in the coming seasons.The Climb is Tormund"Har!"
2236	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	If I don't get get at least one Torumand HAR I will be so un-Har-ish.
2237	snowlover	2013-04-03	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.
2238	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	I think it will be replaced by Shae.
2239	The Red Pope	2013-04-03	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.That would mean Littlefinger having her killed. The producers would never let that happen... unfortunately.
2240	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-03	That would mean Littlefinger having her killed. The producers would never let that happen... unfortunately.Why not? After Littlefinger goes to the Eyrie, Ros won't be needed anymore in any of the episodes I'd say, unless she travels with him to the Eyrie which I very much doubt since Lysa is already quite jealous of Sansa. And she is not the only prostitute of course, there are plenty other girls who're going to show their boobies.
2241	The Red Pope	2013-04-03	Why not? After Littlefinger goes to the Eyrie, Ros won't be needed anymore in any of the episodes I'd say, unless she travels with him to the Eyrie which I very much doubt since Lysa is already quite jealous of Sansa. And she is not the only prostitute of course, there are plenty other girls who're going to show their boobies.Was she ever really needed? For all the sense that her arc has made she just might wash up alive in the harbor of Mereen two episodes after being shot by LF in Blackwater Bay.
2242	shiola	2013-04-03	Was she ever really needed? For all the sense that her arc has made she just might wash up alive in the harbor of Mereen two episodes after being shot by LF in Blackwater Bay.Become a writer.  That was beautiful.
2243	Lord Davos Seaworth	2013-04-03	I think it will be replaced by Shae.No. Shae is super important for what happens at the very end of book 3... it's especially the type of dramatic twist that is perfect for the show too.I think Roz has essentially replaced Chatyaya or whoever, which I'm fine with. (as much as I hate Roz)
2244	gande51	2013-04-04	a bit of a stupid question here , but why is the purple wedding called the purple wedding ???
2245	Bayard	2013-04-04	a bit of a stupid question here , but why is the purple wedding called the purple wedding ???
	Spoiler Well, for one, the hairnet Sansa wore had amethyst stones in it. They were actually Strangler pills and those are a deep shade of purple. This is the main reason I think. Wine is kind of purple, so it is that, Joffrey dies, drinking some wine.

					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 05 April 2013 - 03:04 AM.
2246	gande51	2013-04-04	thanks /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Well, for one, the hairnet Sansa wore had amethyst stones in it. They were actually Strangler pills and those are a deep shade of purple. This is the main reason I think. Wine is kind of purple, so it is that, Joffrey dies, drinking some wine.
2247	Crown	2013-04-04	a bit of a stupid question here , but why is the purple wedding called the purple wedding ???Because Joffrey's face turns purple because he's chocking.
2248	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	Because Joffrey's face turns purple because he's chocking.And everyone raised their glass at that part!
2249	gande51	2013-04-04	And everyone raised their glass at that part!HERE HERE TO THAT !!!
2250	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	HERE HERE TO THAT !!!Another round anybody? /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2251	gande51	2013-04-04	Another round anybody? /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />oh yes, by the end of this discussion ill end up singing the whole entire drinking song  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2252	ebevan91	2013-04-04	I'm trying to figure out what this episode refers to OTHER THAN the Wall.
Pretty much every episode title has more than one meaning.
2253	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	I know Tormund will among those who climb the Wall because of the trailer. But that creates two problems:
	Spoiler All those who climbed in the book died and he's supposed to unite part of the Wildlings north of the Wall after the big battle.
I wonder how they'll solve them so he can play his parts in the coming seasons."Har!"Huh? They ALL died? Maybe you should re-read that chapter...
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 04 April 2013 - 11:00 PM.
2254	LordStoneheart	2013-04-05	Spoiler Well, for one, the hairnet Sansa wore had amethyst stones in it. They were actually Strangler pills and those are a deep shade of purple. This is the main reason I think. Wine is kind of purple, so it is that, Joffrey dies, drinking some wine.
You should put this in a spoiler.
2255	Bayard	2013-04-05	Spoiler 
You should put this in a spoiler.Done. In my first post I used spoilers, but after that there were a lot of spoilerish comments so I simply forgot.
2256	Nuttz	2013-04-05	I'm trying to figure out what this episode refers to OTHER THAN the Wall.Pretty much every episode title has more than one meaning.One of the trailers has Littlefinger related the power struggle to a ladder. He says "The Climb is all there is". That's one of the other meanings I suppose, not sure if there are any others.
2257	Abaddon	2013-04-05	Obviously we'll see the Wall climb.  But I think it's likely we will see Littlefinger as well.
	Spoiler 
We know we're going to see the Eyrie this year, this seems as good a time as any for Littlefinger to show up there.  The question, is he monologing to Lysa?  Can't think who else it would be unless they introduce a new character at that location.
2258	The Red Pope	2013-04-05	Huh? They ALL died? Maybe you should re-read that chapter...Obviously Jon made it, that goes without saying. But all the Wildlings died in the battle.
2259	ReekLeek	2013-04-06	Obviously we'll see the Wall climb.  But I think it's likely we will see Littlefinger as well.
	Spoiler We know we're going to see the Eyrie this year, this seems as good a time as any for Littlefinger to show up there.  The question, is he monologing to Lysa?  Can't think who else it would be unless they introduce a new character at that location.
Is it confirmed that we will see the Eyrie this season? Wouldn't think we would see it again till next season (after the PW)
2260	Abaddon	2013-04-07	Is it confirmed that we will see the Eyrie this season? Wouldn't think we would see it again till next season (after the PW)I believe it has been confirmed, at least that we will see Lysa and Robin.  I don't have a link for that though.
2261	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	Wait we ARE seeing the Eyrie this season??? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> But... how?
	Spoiler Surely Sansa needs to be present not only for her own wedding but for Joffrey's wedding? If we're seeing the Eyrie again, then it must be through the Sansa storyline? She's the only one of the characters (in the books) that goes to the Eyrie and that's in Storm of Swords, second half isn't it?

Are we certain we're seeing the Eyrie?
2262	Tyrion4President	2013-04-08	I know Tormund will among those who climb the Wall because of the trailer. But that creates two problems:
	Spoiler All those who climbed in the book died and he's supposed to unite part of the Wildlings north of the Wall after the big battle.
I wonder how they'll solve them so he can play his parts in the coming seasons."Har!"wasnt it the magnar of thenn who climed the wall in the books? not tormund?
2263	Tyrion4President	2013-04-08	Wait we ARE seeing the Eyrie this season??? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> But... how?
	Spoiler Surely Sansa needs to be present not only for her own wedding but for Joffrey's wedding? If we're seeing the Eyrie again, then it must be through the Sansa storyline? She's the only one of the characters (in the books) that goes to the Eyrie and that's in Storm of Swords, second half isn't it?
Are we certain we're seeing the Eyrie?Sansa leaving kingslanding for the Eyrie must coincide with Tyrion escaping aswell. This will not happen this season.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion4President, 08 April 2013 - 11:06 AM.
2264	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	shae better not replace dontos as helping Sansa (i don't care if its Ros though), it will ruin everyone (who hasn't read the books) opinion about Shae. She is an acting whore and I can't wait for the end of season 4 with Tyrion, Shae and Tywin
2265	Abaddon	2013-04-09	Wait we ARE seeing the Eyrie this season??? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> But... how?
	Spoiler The speculation is we'll see Littlefinger (off-page in the books in this timeframe) in the Eyrie with Lysa.  He will leave King's Landing early this season (next few episodes) and doesn't have to return until after the PW to take Sansa away (could be as early as the end of this season, I think that will happen around Episode 3 or 4 in S4).  As I said above, I recall hearing that Lysa and Robin are in this season, confirmed, but i don't have a link for that.

					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 09 April 2013 - 02:30 PM.
2266	kevin1989	2013-04-10	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.Undoubtedly it will be her. It can't be Shea because 
	Spoiler  Shea has an important part to play in season 4, so she can't be killed by Littlefinger. Ros can because of the Varys thing.
2267	Ser Kneeler	2013-04-10	If there was one pair of boobies in the whole world that could make me not like boobies any more, Ros's would be the closest.  That weird salt girl that Theon had on the ship was less annoying.Why not? After Littlefinger goes to the Eyrie, Ros won't be needed anymore in any of the episodes I'd say, unless she travels with him to the Eyrie which I very much doubt since Lysa is already quite jealous of Sansa. And she is not the only prostitute of course, there are plenty other girls who're going to show their boobies.
2268	Abaddon	2013-04-11	If there was one pair of boobies in the whole world that could make me not like boobies any more, Ros's would be the closest.  That weird salt girl that Theon had on the ship was less annoying.http://shame-full.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/man-boobs.jpg
2269	ferreyra anderson	2013-04-11	Spoiler  hanks to The Spoiler Fairy for sending us the following..
Episode 3.06 - The Climb
Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.)
Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden Fair
Dany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)
Episode 3.08 - Second Sons
King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)
Source: SpoilerTV

With the speed the episodes seem to be having, we might see the PW... and Sansa's escape by the end of the season... How many episode were there going to be this season?
2270	kevin1989	2013-04-13	Spoiler  hanks to The Spoiler Fairy for sending us the following..Episode 3.06 - The ClimbTywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.)Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden FairDany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)Episode 3.08 - Second SonsKing<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)Source: SpoilerTV
With the speed the episodes seem to be having, we might see the PW... and Sansa's escape by the end of the season... How many episode were there going to be this season?10. 
	Spoiler  And we aren't going to see the PW and the escape. Because episode 9 will be all about the RW and Arya and probably Stannis a little bit. Nothing really progres here, only it will be a very big episode. Episode 10 will be again 5 minutes per character. and for Sansa this is, praying in the godswood, for Tyrion this is talking with his family about RW. It's already known for next season. casting of Oberyn and Mace is in season 4. LF has a boat in season 4. Etc etc etc. PW will be as RW an episode that will focus mainly on PW and little bit on the rest. So how can this be in a season final?Don't forget that they will ook at the POVs and look which changes the character will have that season. For Tyrion and Sansa this season it's getting married. They working toward that even more than the books. Season 4 will the trial for Tyrion, PW is part of that, so it's in season 4. Don't fool yourself by thinking PW is this season.
2271	lightbringer333	2013-04-14	what about Meera reed climbing the wall ??
2272	Maester Totoro	2013-04-14	I'm trying to figure out what this episode refers to OTHER THAN the Wall.Pretty much every episode title has more than one meaning.There was a climb involved in Barristan and Jorah's Sewer Expedition, if I remember correctly.
2273	Lord of Lannisport	2013-04-14	There was a climb involved in Barristan and Jorah's Sewer Expedition, if I remember correctly.Don't think that'll be this season
2274	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I remember being impressed/liking it a lot when I saw it in the preview, but I took it to mean that the climb is to be applied figuratively.  That, in effect, it's the ones who keep striving who will survive in the series (all characters just at large).
ETA:  after I posted this, I was reminded of that thing in the first book/series, what Cercei said about The Game of Thrones being something that you win or else you die.  ???
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 15 April 2013 - 11:16 AM.
2275	Warrior Queen	2013-04-16	If there was one pair of boobies in the whole world that could make me not like boobies any more, Ros's would be the closest.  That weird salt girl that Theon had on the ship was less annoying.Really?? I think EsmA Bianco is beautiful! And i actually like Ros. She is a smart and witty character! That salt girl ulg (no offence to the actress, but just really not my type at all)
2276	shiola	2013-04-16	When I heard "The Climb" all I could think of, besides the obvious Tormund climbing, was
	Spoiler Tyrion needing to climb on the fool's back to reach Sansa at their wedding.

So stupid but that's where my mind went! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2277	shiola	2013-04-16	If there was one pair of boobies in the whole world that could make me not like boobies any more, Ros's would be the closest.  That weird salt girl that Theon had on the ship was less annoying.I don't think it's appropriate nor necessary to insult the actors' bodies.
2278	Tyrion4President	2013-04-17	a bit of a stupid question here , but why is the purple wedding called the purple wedding ???purple is the color of kings and it happens to be the kings wedding
2279	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-18	Really?? I think EsmA Bianco is beautiful! And i actually like Ros. She is a smart and witty character! That salt girl ulg (no offence to the actress, but just really not my type at all)There are lots of pretty actresses.  It could well be that Ms. Bianco is a lovely person.  But that doesn't mean she has to have screen time in GOT that could have gone to a character who actually belongs in the story.  Ros doesn't.  (neither does Talisa)
2280	ugashep	2013-04-20	Ros is a composite whore, sorry to use that word but its one that is used frequently in the books, whores play a lot of different roles in the books and Ros is just a majority of those whores rolled into one, also it is a way of checking in on Littlefinger, giving him someone to interact with, which was important particularly early on in the series. People who are saying the actress who plays Ros is unattractive are out of their minds.
On another random topic, what would everyone's reaction be if the song for the closing credits to this episode was the Miley Cyrus song? That's all I can think of when I read the dang title, your welcome.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 20 April 2013 - 10:23 PM.
2281	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-21	On another random topic, what would everyone's reaction be if the song for the closing credits to this episode was the Miley Cyrus song? That's all I can think of when I read the dang title, your welcome.Better yet, they should play it while Tormund and Jon are scaling the Wall, complete with slow motion effects and dramatic facial close ups.
2282	ugashep	2013-04-21	Better yet, they should play it while Tormund and Jon are scaling the Wall, complete with slow motion effects and dramatic facial close ups.Maybe they should have one of them fart while they are going up the wall and they both get a chuckle out of it. No wait, that would push it from horrible to phantom menace horrible.
2283	Gendels Children	2013-04-26	ooooh its gonna be good!11111
2284	Gendels Children	2013-04-26	on one of the behind the scenes videos for season 3, there is a quick glimps at a screen where there is am image and it looks like Jon (from what i can tell due to his hair) pulling a rope up while holding himself against the wall. maybe someone nearly fall and he has to pull them up, prob Ygritte, i cant see him wanting to save too many other wildlings, other than maybe Tormund. but i doubt Tormund would nearly fall, his giant member would make him far to steady.. Har
2285	JMJ	2013-04-29	I'm trying to figure out what this episode refers to OTHER THAN the Wall.Pretty much every episode title has more than one meaning.As for a second meaning, I'm guessing Petyr is talking about himself. His background is one big climb up the social hierarchy of Westeros. It's his end game. Less likely, it does foreshadow 
	Spoiler LF and Sansa at the Eyrie - there's the climb up, and then there's the scary climb down with Mya Stone.
2286	JonDunn	2013-04-29	I wonder if this episode will be able to be as good as the last few were.  Seems like there is going to be a slight lull, I REALLY hope they use this episode to give Jon as much time as possible.   He needs the development.
2287	TheEvilKing	2013-04-29	There's a scene with Littlefinger and Varys in the trailers, that's where he'll probably deliver this monologue.
He sure has taken his sweet time leaving King's Landing.
2288	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-04-29	Other than the literal climb up the wall, I think the title refers to social climbing, esp. in KL.  The Lannisters are preparing to climb back on top of the Tyrells, LF is laying plans.  It's also possible that LF will go to the Eyrie without Sansa and literally climb up to the Eyrie.But in regards to the Eyrie making another appearance this season, I don't think Sansa or even LF's presence is actually required for that scene.  It could just be Lysa recieving a letter from LF about his plans and happily flipping out, or Lysa grappling with her political mess of suitors and people who don't think she should be in charge.And I think we'll definitely get the LF "Climb" monolog.
					
					
							Edited by Smaug the Dreadful, 30 April 2013 - 07:24 AM.
2289	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-29	Eyrie*
2290	Steve Stark	2013-04-29	I agree with everyone who has said that it has to do with LF's climb. I'm sure there are a lot of other meanings behind it that one could take from his words, but overall I get the feeling it's about him and his many strategic steps up the ladder of power.
From pre-Ned death to betraying Ned...and everything after to include his manipulations of Sansa (and a whole lot of other things that I don't have time to write on and you don't have the time to read). He is a devious man. 
I can't decide who I hate more, LF or Cersei. At least Cersei is hot. I guess between the two of them I hate....Joffrey the most. But next comes LF because he's a little weasel and he's not near as gorgeous as Cersei. God...I wish she was my sister (jk...but not really)
2291	Newstar	2013-04-29	He sure has taken his sweet time leaving King's Landing.Ha! My thoughts exactly! Tywin ordered him to leave King's Landing "as soon as possible" in 3x03, and he's still there as of 3x06?
2292	Robb_Starkers	2013-04-30	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.Nah, Dontos will replaced by some kid, probably called Pate. And if that happens we all know he's f***ed!
					
					
							Edited by Robb_Starkers, 30 April 2013 - 03:46 AM.
2293	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-04-30	Eyrie*Thanks!  Fixed.
2294	Versiroth	2013-04-30	I know Tormund will among those who climb the Wall because of the trailer. But that creates two problems:
	Spoiler All those who climbed in the book died and he's supposed to unite part of the Wildlings north of the Wall after the big battle.
I wonder how they'll solve them so he can play his parts in the coming seasons."Har!"Tormund will likely be kept as a prisoner after they attempt to sack Castle Black from within.  And then instead of Jon going out to meet Tormund, he'll go out to meet Mance.  After Stannis defeats the wildlings, he'll likely palaver with Tormund in order to work out a sort of treaty.Just a guess, for sure, but it would work.
2295	Logodnica	2013-04-30	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.Yes. Ros is going to help get Sansa to LF. LF will then kill Ros. He'll figure out who betrayed his plans, bc Ros has acess to so much information. After he stabbs Ros he'll tell Sansa that Ros is responsible for getting information to the Lannisters that forced her to marry Tyron. BUT that won't happen till S4
2296	Kasrith	2013-04-30	Well I'm pretty sure they cut out Dontos from the show apart from the little tease in episode 1 season 2, but tbh losing Dontos is not such a big deal.Dontos was also in Blackwater. Personally, I think he'll come back into play after LF leaves KL. Why feature him so heavily (for such a seconday - if that - character) and ditch him when he can easily start talking to Sansa again during the period between LF's departure and the PW.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 30 April 2013 - 07:11 PM.
2297	Dove	2013-04-30	I'm pretty sure D&D (or one of the other writers maybe) said as much in an interview. Dontos is coming back in some capacity, that much is apparently guaranteed.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 30 April 2013 - 09:00 PM.
2298	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-01	Maybe he'll reappear in Season 4 in ep 1 and give her the hairnet, then in the PW episode as the "Entertainment" instead of the Dwarves. Helping her escape during the panic.
2299	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-05-01	Dontos was also in Blackwater. Personally, I think he'll come back into play after LF leaves KL. Why feature him so heavily (for such a seconday - if that - character) and ditch him when he can easily start talking to Sansa again during the period between LF's departure and the PW.You're right. Since I posted that comment I have read an article which D&D said we have not seen the last of Dontos. I don't know what part he will play, but I love how book readers get these little nods.
2300	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-01	I agree with everyone who has said that it has to do with LF's climb. I'm sure there are a lot of other meanings behind it that one could take from his words, but overall I get the feeling it's about him and his many strategic steps up the ladder of power.From pre-Ned death to betraying Ned...and everything after to include his manipulations of Sansa (and a whole lot of other things that I don't have time to write on and you don't have the time to read). He is a devious man.I can't decide who I hate more, LF or Cersei. At least Cersei is hot. I guess between the two of them I hate....Joffrey the most. But next comes LF because he's a little weasel and he's not near as gorgeous as Cersei. God...I wish she was my sister (jk...but not really)I really don't think Cersei is gorgeous. Or at least the actress playing her. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE her acting and she fits perfectly in the part. But she just isn't my type.I hate Cersei more just because she has had everything given to her so understanding her evil is harder than Littlefinger having to "climb" his way to the top.
2301	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-01	and of course Joffrey is the grand winner. Nobody will dethrone him as the king of (expletive)s
2302	The Monkey	2013-05-01	Spoiler 
You should put this in a spoiler.Can't we make a rule saying that all threads contain book spoilers unless otherwise indicated. 99% of the people here have read the books.
2303	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	If I don't get get at least one Torumand HAR I will be so un-Har-ish.Word!
2304	Steve Stark	2013-05-01	I really don't think Cersei is gorgeous. Or at least the actress playing her. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE her acting and she fits perfectly in the part. But she just isn't my type.I hate Cersei more just because she has had everything given to her so understanding her evil is harder than Littlefinger having to "climb" his way to the top.Well, in this show she is a good looking woman, but not perfect. I'll give you that. In the movie 300, however, I particularly enjoyed her in that film. lol. Let's say I enjoy her with dark hair, but more than that, the naked thing really looks good on her.
2305	StarkDragon	2013-05-01	I really don't think Cersei is gorgeous. Or at least the actress playing her. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE her acting and she fits perfectly in the part. But she just isn't my type.Ditto, but I think that it has to do with the blond contrast. I mean, the hair just doesn't look like it fits her at all, imo. Would likely look far better as a brunette.
2306	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-02	Ditto, but I think that it has to do with the blond contrast. I mean, the hair just doesn't look like it fits her at all, imo.Would likely look far better as a brunette.I will agree with both your comment and the guy above yours. I did not even remember her being the one in 300. She does look better as a brunette. I'll just enjoy her portrayal of a despicable person for now.
2307	dttljs123	2013-05-02	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162No. Shae is super important for what happens at the very end of book 3... it's especially the type of dramatic twist that is perfect for the show too.I think Roz has essentially replaced Chatyaya or whoever, which I'm fine with. (as much as I hate Roz)It will be slightly different book to tv show though, in the books the hand has a chain but in the show its the weird pin type hand. If D&D make it correctly Tyrion is going to stab Shae with the pin, then move into the loo.
2308	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-02	It will be slightly different book to tv show though, in the books the hand has a chain but in the show its the weird pin type hand. If D&D make it correctly Tyrion is going to stab Shae with the pin, then move into the loo.Why does your post have that weird error thing?anywayhttp://images5.fanpo...381-565-316.jpgTywin is not seen wearing the hands. For hands of gold are always cold, but a woman's hands are warm...
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 02 May 2013 - 02:32 PM.
2309	Tone	2013-05-03	Maybe he'll reappear in Season 4 in ep 1 and give her the hairnet, then in the PW episode as the "Entertainment" instead of the Dwarves.They need Penny and her brother though. Important to Tyrion's later story.
2310	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-03	They need Penny and her brother though. Important to Tyrion's later story.Penny should be cut. She's not important at all.
					
					
							Edited by Nick_Scryer, 03 May 2013 - 10:02 AM.
2311	JMJ	2013-05-03	Penny should be cut. She's not important at all.What, you don't think there will be some Tyrion-Penny knockin' boots action in TWOW???
2312	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-03	What, you don't think there will be some Tyrion-Penny knockin' boots action in TWOW???It's possible that maybe something could happen in TWOW, but hopefully not GOT.
2313	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	They need Penny and her brother though. Important to Tyrion's later story.It's absolutely not important at all. It was just something to do between leaving Westeros and arriving in Essos.Penny will be cut.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 03 May 2013 - 10:37 AM.
2314	HopeForSpring	2013-05-03	Ditto on all the folks saying the climb is the metaphorical climb to power in littlefingers clip
Mixed on cutting Penny. 
	Spoiler 
There will probably be a way to cut her, but she does play an interesting foil - first dwarf Tyrion has ever really interacted with, reason he seems so valuable to the slavers is that little show they can do together, that little show gets them into the fighting pits on a big day and shows that Dany still has some lines she won't ross... I don't like Penny but I don't think we can write her off yet. I'll wait until after TWoW to see if she does anything rather than just serve as a character development tool.
2315	AzorAhai42	2013-05-03	Don't think that'll be this seasonIt could be though... because Mormont's expulsion from Dany's Queensguard happens relatively soon after Whitebeard is revealed to be Selmy.
2316	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-05-03	It will be slightly different book to tv show though, in the books the hand has a chain but in the show its the weird pin type hand. If D&D make it correctly Tyrion is going to stab Shae with the pin, then move into the loo.I reckon Tywin will hang Shae in the show and that'll be why Tyrion kills him.
2317	JMJ	2013-05-03	I reckon Tywin will hang Shae in the show and that'll be why Tyrion kills him.I would doubt the show has Tywin hanging Shae. Tyrion killing Shae himself is critical to his downslide into depression and his funk during his time in Essos.
2318	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-05-03	I would doubt the show has Tywin hanging Shae. Tyrion killing Shae himself is critical to his downslide into depression and his funk during his time in Essos.I don't know about you but if my dad killed my girlfriend, resulting in me killing him (and I was also wrongly accused of the murder of my nephew, who was also the king), I'd be in a bit of a funk.
2319	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-05-03	I think it will be replaced by Shae.I really hope not... i don't like the actress playing shae and i hate her character as well, can't wait for the end of season 4
2320	Montey14	2013-05-04	I know Tormund will among those who climb the Wall because of the trailer. But that creates two problems:
	Spoiler All those who climbed in the book died and he's supposed to unite part of the Wildlings north of the Wall after the big battle.
I wonder how they'll solve them so he can play his parts in the coming seasons."Har!"If I remember correctly....tormund was on one of the teams that climbed the wall....there were 3 teams I believe....one of the teams slipped off....was vals husband that died climbing
2321	Israel	2013-05-04	Because Joffrey's face turns purple because he's chocking.yes that
2322	siknes	2013-05-04	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.Could happen, I see them(showrunners) saying that Ros takes charge of all LF's brothels, sense it is not mentioned in books, other than spies giving the hammer to the sweet Queen Regent.
2323	siknes	2013-05-04	If I remember correctly....tormund was on one of the teams that climbed the wall....there were 3 teams I believe....one of the teams slipped off....was vals husband that died climbingNo, one team was all, Jon, Yggrite, and the Thenn clan. sneak attack.  Jon sent out 3 Ranging teams later on.
2324	siknes	2013-05-04	Ditto on all the folks saying the climb is the metaphorical climb to power in littlefingers clipMixed on cutting Penny.
	Spoiler There will probably be a way to cut her, but she does play an interesting foil - first dwarf Tyrion has ever really interacted with, reason he seems so valuable to the slavers is that little show they can do together, that little show gets them into the fighting pits on a big day and shows that Dany still has some lines she won't ross... I don't like Penny but I don't think we can write her off yet. I'll wait until after TWoW to see if she does anything rather than just serve as a character development tool.
Tyrion will be Dany's Hand, and he'll make sure she can stay with them as the conscious of her Council, He will even get Dany to keep Mormont, "Because I fear My Queen that our poor knight will throw himself from a wall do to a broken heart.
2325	Bloodraven's Eye	2013-05-05	I would love it if Ghost showed up in this episode at the wildling encampment.
Ghost is badass, and the last time we saw him he was leaving Craster's damned keep (the direwolves know when danger is coming).
I don't think Ygritte or Tormund or Orel know that Jon Snow is a warg in the show, whereas all of them did in the book as of the time of the climb.
So it would be an interesting scene for Jon to see Ghost with those characters around and would throw the dynamic of the group a bit.
2326	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I would love it if Ghost showed up in this episode at the wildling encampment.Ghost is badass, and the last time we saw him he was leaving Craster's damned keep (the direwolves know when danger is coming).I don't think Ygritte or Tormund or Orel know that Jon Snow is a warg in the show, whereas all of them did in the book as of the time of the climb.So it would be an interesting scene for Jon to see Ghost with those characters around and would throw the dynamic of the group a bit.That would be interesting if he showed up and they had all that happen, but I think it was stupid to remove him from Jon's side in the first place then... Why not just do it as it was in the book if you're going to follow the same path anyway? I always assumed Ghost will just follow Sam now
2327	The Monkey	2013-05-05	I would love it if Ghost showed up in this episode at the wildling encampment.Ghost is badass, and the last time we saw him he was leaving Craster's damned keep (the direwolves know when danger is coming).I don't think Ygritte or Tormund or Orel know that Jon Snow is a warg in the show, whereas all of them did in the book as of the time of the climb.So it would be an interesting scene for Jon to see Ghost with those characters around and would throw the dynamic of the group a bit.Jon Snow himself doesn't know he's a warg. No wolf-dreams for him as of yet, nor for Arya.
2328	JMJ	2013-05-05	I don't know about you but if my dad killed my girlfriend, resulting in me killing him (and I was also wrongly accused of the murder of my nephew, who was also the king), I'd be in a bit of a funk.Sure, true, but what's the point of making that plot change? I don't see the rationale.
2329	The Drunkard	2013-05-05	I reckon Tywin will hang Shae in the show and that'll be why Tyrion kills him.I really hope not.But it wouldn't surprise me too much, really. Whitewashing and all.
2330	Winter Wind	2013-05-05	Penny should be cut. She's not important at all.Actually, the Tyrion-Penny relationship is the most important story arc in the series, which will conclude with the pair travelling east, to the as yet undiscovered continent of Middle Earth, where they found a race of dwarves.
2331	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Actually, the Tyrion-Penny relationship is the most important story arc in the series, which will conclude with the pair travelling east, to the as yet undiscovered continent of Middle Earth, where they found a race of dwarves.And there, they ponder the eternal question:  Who has more gold, Smaug or the Lannisters?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I always enjoy these last few hours before a new episode airs--silly time abounds, as everyone waits, watches the clock, waits...  tick, tick, tick...
2332	drstrangelove	2013-05-05	Actually, the Tyrion-Penny relationship is the most important story arc in the series, which will conclude with the pair travelling east, to the as yet undiscovered continent of Middle Earth, where they found a race of dwarves. what?
2333	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	That would mean Littlefinger having her killed. The producers would never let that happen... unfortunately.Bwahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
2334	WhiteGuts	2013-05-06	I personally liked his monologue. "Chaos is a ladder" is the perfect description of this character IMO. He took advantage of the war he had a great deal of responsability in starting (J.Arryn's death, betraying Ned...) to improve his status. He had a small keep in the Fingers at the beginning, and now he's Lord Paramount of the Riverlands and Lord Regent of the Vale. Not bad.
					
					
							Edited by WhiteGuts, 06 May 2013 - 10:35 AM.
2335	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	This is something I noticed, but each time Littlefinger is seen watching the throne, he is closer and closer. The first few times he was pretty far, but this time he was almost kissing the thing. It shows how it won't hit everyone how powerful LF has gotten until it's too late
2336	boojam	2013-05-06	I think it will be replaced by Shae.Seems like it, tho it could be LF, much to Sansa's surprise, boy some convoluted plot restructuring , if that.I am guessing Sansa and LF don't go to The Fingers, Sansa VI, but straight to the Eyrie, but that seems should to be next season.
2337	Kasrith	2013-05-06	Do you think the role that Dontos plays in the books is going to be replaced by Ros?  I just wondered why they had her talk to Shae about Sansa.So much for that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I keep saying but no one is listening, Dontos will be Dontos... Not Ros, not Shae, not anyone else.
2338	Kernest	2013-05-06	Bwahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />'Nuff said.
2339	Enutie	2013-05-06	That would mean Littlefinger having her killed. The producers would never let that happen... unfortunately.hah, you got your wish granted! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2340	shiola	2013-05-06	This is something I noticed, but each time Littlefinger is seen watching the throne, he is closer and closer. The first few times he was pretty far, but this time he was almost kissing the thing. It shows how it won't hit everyone how powerful LF has gotten until it's too lateGah, taht's awesome!
2341	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	Here is my reviewhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=rlI3_sIpFqgI did genuinely believe that Ros was Dontos. So I was so taken aback when I saw what happened. I'm fearing that JOF might become more Evil after what happened !!!
2342	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	I am guessing Sansa and LF don't go to The Fingers, Sansa VI, but straight to the Eyrie, but that seems should to be next season.That would be a pity. And miss out on LF and Lysa's loud, passionate lovemaking at LF's seat?Also, they cannot have Shae become Dontos. Tyrion finding Shae in Tywin's bed is one of the big "Whaaaat!?" moments of the book. Also sets Tyrion upon his darkest path in the book.
2343	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I really really liked him this episode. They finally showed him for his true shitty colours this episode, he's been a bit of a bumbling fool this whole season so far.
2344	Birdsong65	2013-05-10	This is something I noticed, but each time Littlefinger is seen watching the throne, he is closer and closer. The first few times he was pretty far, but this time he was almost kissing the thing. It shows how it won't hit everyone how powerful LF has gotten until it's too lateThe people over at winteriscoming.net also have a great synopsis of The Climb that is LF-centric, and well worth the read, IMO.After re-watching the final scenes, I think there was a bit of foreshadow/answer the oft asked "Does LF know it was Lysa's, and not Catelyn's, maidenhead?"  LF reveals that society, and all it encompasses, like the 1000 swords of the throne, is a story told over and over to oneself, and others, until there is nothing left to believe otherwise, regardless if it is based wholly, or partially, in truth.  In effect, I believe that LF believes he took Cat's maidenhead because, even after all these years, that which he knows began as a lie became the truth in the telling.  It's the active vocalization, and the passive listening, in combination, that makes it true.  Each is predicated on the other, and the "truth" of it cannot exist without both.Thus, to make it true, LF had to speak it true, and others had to listen to that truth, and now it is the truth.Frankly, that five minute montage was priceless in reality/illusion theme, and can be applied to almost every single character present on, or off, screen.  Think Ned, as a traitor, or Tyrion as 
	Spoiler  kinslayer/kingslayer
---it doesn't become a punishable act without both the telling and the audience, which makes believing in both justice, in it's purest form, or benevolent gods rather infantile.In this, LF mimics truths, and uses everything that his opponent believes in as the primary cause for for them to self-destruct.  He doesn't destroy anyone outright, but allows them, by virtue of faith in whatever, the opportunity to destroy themselves.  If no one believed in anything, LF couldn't destroy them.  But that belief, as he eloquently points out, will always exist as it represents the basic human need to apply order to chaos, which provides the method by which he climbs, and simultaneously, they fall.  Brilliant.
2345	lostinasia	2013-05-11	I don't know if anyone here watches Community (and I would understand if you'd quit watching this season!), but in the season finale there was an "Evil Jeff" that, to prove his badness, does something with his voice similarly raspy to what Littlefinger does with his - and remembering that is going to make it even harder for me to take Show-LF seriously. The lines of LF's monologue were good, and revealing himself **just to Varys** is fine, but it's like the rest of the time he's telling everyone, "Hi, I'm evil, but you still trust me. Ha ha!" His cartoonish villainy may be the only part of the show that consistently grates on me - how could anyone trust this guy? Sansa should be seeing him as a somewhat kindly uncle figure, but there's no way even show Sansa is that stupid (although maybe "Do you think my family can come to the wedding?" was perhaps an attempt to demonstrate she is indeed that dumb).
2346	ladyinblack	2013-05-11	The people over at winteriscoming.net also have a great synopsis of The Climb that is LF-centric, and well worth the read, IMO.After re-watching the final scenes, I think there was a bit of foreshadow/answer the oft asked "Does LF know it was Lysa's, and not Catelyn's, maidenhead?"  LF reveals that society, and all it encompasses, like the 1000 swords of the throne, is a story told over and over to oneself, and others, until there is nothing left to believe otherwise, regardless if it is based wholly, or partially, in truth.  In effect, I believe that LF believes he took Cat's maidenhead because, even after all these years, that which he knows began as a lie became the truth in the telling.  It's the active vocalization, and the passive listening, in combination, that makes it true.  Each is predicated on the other, and the "truth" of it cannot exist without both.Thus, to make it true, LF had to speak it true, and others had to listen to that truth, and now it is the truth.Frankly, that five minute montage was priceless in reality/illusion theme, and can be applied to almost every single character present on, or off, screen.  Think Ned, as a traitor, or Tyrion as 
	Spoiler  kinslayer/kingslayer
---it doesn't become a punishable act without both the telling and the audience, which makes believing in both justice, in it's purest form, or benevolent gods rather infantile.In this, LF mimics truths, and uses everything that his opponent believes in as the primary cause for for them to self-destruct.  He doesn't destroy anyone outright, but allows them, by virtue of faith in whatever, the opportunity to destroy themselves.  If no one believed in anything, LF couldn't destroy them.  But that belief, as he eloquently points out, will always exist as it represents the basic human need to apply order to chaos, which provides the method by which he climbs, and simultaneously, they fall.  Brilliant.Beautifully put, Birdsong & so true
2347	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-11	OH DEAR LORD I was rewatching the scene when Barristan is dismissed from the Kingsguard, and after LF makes "a naked knight" comment and Barristan draws his sword, LF is seen biting his hand.In light of this monologue, the scene seemed like a little kid excited for a present to be opened hahahaha.It's almost like he wanted to start a fight. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2348	Joyful Union	2013-05-11	OH DEAR LORD I was rewatching the scene when Barristan is dismissed from the Kingsguard, and after LF makes "a naked knight" comment and Barristan draws his sword, LF is seen biting his hand.In light of this monologue, the scene seemed like a little kid excited for a present to be opened hahahaha.It's almost like he wanted to start a fight. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That's because Littlefinger is the number one troll of the series. I almost everything he does is designed to get a rise out of people.
2349	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	Apart from the raspy, overly sinister voice that I've gotten used to now, Aiden Gillen has been a lot better this season in conveying Littlefinger's subtle menace. This monologue, plus the scene with Sansa in ep5, where you could clearly see the masked anger in his eyes over things not going according to plan was a step in the right direction, and much closer to book Littlefinger. 
I disagree when people say that show LF is too dark. Book LF was always an extremely dark, morally bankrupt figure. We just don't see this darker side to him often, but we do get occasional glimpses of it in the books as well.
2350	gnrevolution	2013-06-16	Not sure if this hss been mentioned but does anyone think it's possible that LF was not on the boat and is still in KL? It gives him a perfect alibi for the PW and lets him still whisk away Sansa when the time comes.  I mean you never actually see him leave and the dialogue with Varys gives some foreshadowing to what is to come?
2351	The Bear	2013-05-06	I pleasantly surprised that they included a conversation between Littlefinger. We learned some interesting things that we didn't know from the books, perhaps most importantly that Varys knows about Cat, Lysa and LF's weakness.
I've been reading the Littlefinger/Varys comparison threads on the site lately so this topic has been in the front of my mind even before the episode aired. In contrast to many of the other episode scenes that strongly diving the show version of the characters from their novel counterparts (Cersei fretting and commiserating with Tyrion, QoT openly admitting Loras is gay, Loras' sudden knowledge of fabric and dressmaking and weddings and so forth), in this scene we get confirmation that the characters' motives - at least on the surface - are similar or identical to the book:
- LF tells Sansa in the novels to basically make moves that make no sense and cause chaos
- Varys again insists he's doing what he does for the good of the realm
We also find out that the prostitute that was on LF's payroll was given to Joff to kill.
Is there anything else we learned from that scene that either confirms character motivation or teaches us something knew? I wonder if the show writers tipped us off on Littlefinger's downfall by having Varys openly admit he knows LF's weakness. We certainly didn't learn of Varys having one.
2352	Kernest	2013-05-07	I think you should also consider the line from an earlier episode, that Varys said to QoT, that Littlefinger would burn the realm if he could be the king of the ashes.
At the moment I'd say it seems that his plan seems to be coming into fruition, if he receives the backing of the Vale lords, he wields the strongest army in all of Westeros excluding the Tyrells, whose main force is provided by their vassals of questionable loyalties (I for one like to think Randyll Tarly will turn his cloak just for a chance to crap on Mace Tyrell at some point).
But yeah, I think the TV show is turning Littlefinger into a more human character, and we all know that to err is human. He seems much more prone to base desires, like taking revenge on Starks who "robbed" Cat from him...
EDIT: Of course I'm talking about the situation at the end of aDwD, with some of my own added speculation drawn from the scenes from the TV show.
					
					
							Edited by Kernest, 07 May 2013 - 05:38 AM.
2353	House Lothston	2013-05-07	In this scene, I loved the way, how littlefinger was staring at the Iron Throne, when Varys came in. He really dreams of sitting on it one day.
2354	Dr. Pepper	2013-05-07	perhaps most importantly that Varys knows about Cat, Lysa and LF's weakness.I don't think this was something new in the show.  In the books, LF talks rather openly about his relationships with the Tully sisters, even if we readers know what he says is a lie.  Varys was there when Cat arrived in KL and met with Baelish.  Tyrion also later told Cat that LF has told of having bedded her and Lysa.  It would be rather surprising if Varys didn't know about any of this. I rather enjoyed that scene.  I don't think there was anything all that revealing from LF.  What was surprising and somewhat confusing is that it's now the second time show Varys has been thwarted by LF.  Both times, revelation of LF getting one over on Varys occurred in the throne room.  I'm still unsure if we are meant to see Varys as being not as powerful as he seems to be in the books or if it will later be revealed that Varys was just playing with LF and knew he was being watched.  In the books, it's set up more to where Varys watches all and no one watches Varys.  Still, Arya was able to spy on him quite easily, even if unknowingly, so maybe that's the book clue we need to show that Varys isn't all that.
2355	The Bear	2013-05-07	I missed one whole episode (3) and parts of a couple of others because my Foxtel (cable provider) blowing up this season so I have missed some stuff. If Varys had previously demonstrated knowledge of the Cat/LF/Lysa situation I hadn't seen it (or didn't remember).It's true that he has been fairly open about Cat, certainly around Sansa and Cat herself. I just didn't remember it ever having been explicitly stated that Varys was aware of it, even if it's precisely the sort of thing Varys would make it his business to know.Dr. Pepper, you're absolutely right about it being the second time Varys has been thwarted by LF and I can't help but wonder if it's quite significant and points to LF's position being stronger than it seems, or like you said, Varys being more fallible than we realised. I have always been of the opinion that Varys was the stronger player (more mystery, we don't know his weaknesses or even his backstory, no proof of what he ultimately wants other than his words which as they say are wind), but the fact that he has been bested twice by LF is very intriguing.I like the idea that Varys isn't quite as secure as he seems, and that he can actually be spied on without realising.
2356	Lord Varys	2013-05-07	They obviously wanted to get a sort of closure on the rather weird Varys-Littlefinger rivalry they established in the show. No such thing is actually happening in the books, and it makes little sense to have Varys put the Sansa plot into Olenna's head in the first place. And I don't see how this plan could have helped Varys' cause (i.e. the Aegon/Daenerys plan), or how Sansa's wellbeing could have affected 'the good of the Realm'. Making the Tyrell plot a sort of background for the Littlefinger-Varys rivalry actually diminishes the characters of Varys and Olenna. Olenna looks now somewhat dumber (since she did not come up with the Sansa idea all by herself!), and Varys appears much more clumsier (since he could neither protect Ros, nor keep his involvement in the Tyrell a secret from Littlefinger).
I guess it makes sense that Littlefinger leaves the capital as the (apparent) victor in his little sparring games with Varys. The show has still time to establish the depths of Varys' game, and that game is much deeper than anything Littlefinger could cook up. In fact, Littlefinger did pretty much nothing to prevent Varys' own plans. He has no clue about Aegon, after all!
The one remarkable thing is that Littlefinger's feeling of triumph is yet again not only uncharacteristic (I don't see Varys dropping his facade in front of Varys, even if he knows that Varys knows what he is really up to - a man like Littlefinger lives and believes the lie himself, he does drop his guard and lets anyone see his true face or emotions), but also quite dull in show terms since Littlefinger was actually not the one to thwart Varys' plan but Cersei who commanded him to investigate the intentions of the Tyrells. Nothing in the show indicates that Littlefinger would have uncovered the Tyrell plot on his own!
2357	the hound of sansa	2013-05-07	i can't understand why Varys continues to say that he cares about the realm! we clearly see from books 4,5 that he cares for one thing only, not the realm
2358	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	i can't understand why Varys continues to say that he cares about the realm! we clearly see from books 4,5 that he cares for one thing only, not the realmWhat? He cares about putting on Aegon on the throne because he's raised Aegon to be a proper king.I'm...interested to see how they manage to include Aegon. If they do at all
2359	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	What? He cares about putting on Aegon on the throne because he's raised Aegon to be a proper king.I'm...interested to see how they manage to include Aegon. If they do at allfAegon you mean? I don't think fAegon would be a good king, but that's me I guess. What do you mean by the bolded part?
2360	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	fAegon you mean? I don't think fAegon would be a good king, but that's me I guess.What do you mean by the bolded part?Well, that's Varys's reasoning isn't it?I'm hoping the show don't just have him turn up all of a sudden like in the books. I'd like them to be able to segue him in nicely. And there's a possibility though perhaps remote that they might just not bother with him at all and cut that entire plotline.
2361	Lady Hornwood	2013-05-07	In this scene, I loved the way, how littlefinger was staring at the Iron Throne, when Varys came in. He really dreams of sitting on it one day.It's also cool that every time he has a scene with Varys and the throne, he is closer to it.
2362	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	i can't understand why Varys continues to say that he cares about the realm! we clearly see from books 4,5 that he cares for one thing only, not the realmWhat Varys does in the future has no bearing on what he did for the twenty years that he was Master of Whispers on the small council.If you really think that his goal has always been the same then you haven't been paying attention.
2363	juanml82	2013-05-07	Varys is helping to lay waste to realm to pave the way to Aegon. That's definitely not doing what's best for the realm - hundreds of thousands of smallfolk claim so.
2364	Demandred	2013-05-07	It was a great scene and I felt my breath catch when we saw Ros. It just felt very well put together.
2365	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-07	Well, that's Varys's reasoning isn't it?I'm hoping the show don't just have him turn up all of a sudden like in the books. I'd like them to be able to segue him in nicely. And there's a possibility though perhaps remote that they might just not bother with him at all and cut that entire plotline.Just like Baelish's reasoning is that he's the most qualified person to sit on the throne, so he is trying to make that happen. Littlefinger has a point too; clearly he is as politically savvy as anyone else in the story.
2366	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	i can't understand why Varys continues to say that he cares about the realm! we clearly see from books 4,5 that he cares for one thing only, not the realmWell going off of the show, if they go the same way with Varys, I would say that he does care for the realm. He does not care for the realm's immediate well-being. He cares about the long game, just like Littlefinger. Just look at his speech to Tyrion about patience. A parent recognizes that sometimes children have to experience pain but it will make them a better person down the line. He wants temporary disorder so that the when the Targaryens come back, they can pick up the pieces more easily. That is my view of it. I think LF for all his talk of chaos is the same way. Sure he wants chaos because it's a ladder...now. He has had nowhere to go but up for his whole life. But what will happen when he gets to the top? He surely isn't going to keep that ladder there. If he's smart he'd kick it out from under him. If LF is ever king, he will promote order. It would be stupid of him not to.Bit of an unorganized paragraph, but basically I think Varys acts for the good of the realm in the long term. Delayed gratification and whatnot. But on his way to that long term goal, sometimes chaos and questionable acts are a necessary evil to him.
2367	Zorpack	2013-05-07	I think that Varys' constantly saying "for the good of the realm" is actually him saying "for the good of the Targaryean house or what he believes is the proper rightful ruled realm. But he can't openly say that amongst the other Houses in rule, or their loyalists.
2368	hamsterminator	2013-05-07	It's been a while since I finished the last book and so my memory of the series may be a little shakey...
But does anybody else feel littlefinger is being made out to be too evil in this series?  I only recall him directly having a part in two deaths- that of Ser Dontos and of Lysa.  Seeing Ros butchered more or less by him in this last episode I think might be overdoing it (or is that to replace him killing Ser Dontos who presumably won't make a reappearance?)
By the end of the last book I was coming around to admire littlefinger's cunning.  His devotion to Sansa and before her Caitlyn indicates someone who if he was a friend would be a very powerful ally.  But in the series they're really painting him out to be something of a villain!
					
					
							Edited by hamsterminator, 07 May 2013 - 12:29 PM.
2369	FacelessSnow	2013-05-07	I think that Varys' constantly saying "for the good of the realm" is actually him saying "for the good of the Targaryean house or what he believes is the proper rightful ruled realm. But he can't openly say that amongst the other Houses in rule, or their loyalists.This.  The best part about this speech is it also shines a light on how Varys v.s LF sees "the realm."  You can tell what his definition of the realm is behind the metaphor of the throne. Varys considers the conservative order of things to have kept the peace for years (Targareans in control over the 7 kingdoms) and after Robert's Rebellion this lopsided into a chaos.  The "story" of Targ's being "rightful" rulers is important for peace.  LF on the other hand sees "the realm" for what it really is, a heirarchy of power for which you climb or fall and the Targs are only "the rightful rulers" bc they played the game right early on.
2370	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-05-07	I liked that scene and I had the impression that Varys set everything up to happen this way, or rather that he wasn't bothered in the slightest by this development. Conleth Hill seemed to play the "surprised face" a lot too strong for my opinion. And that is okay, they seem to go a lot more with the open 'evil' thing by Littlefinger and that is okay.
@hamsterminator. You can also put on Littlefinger's Death List: Jon Arryn (convinced Lysa to poison him), Jon Arryn's squire (via Cersei and the mountain), Eddard Stark (someone convinced Joffrey to ask for the head). Littlefinger is very good at making others do the deed and keeping his hands clean. He doesn't create the chaos as the show suggests, but he thrives on it and is quick to get the best of every situation. However that "long-term" no-plan will bite him sometimes. Once it will just not work out for him.
2371	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	I liked that scene and I had the impression that Varys set everything up to happen this way, or rather that he wasn't bothered in the slightest by this development. Conleth Hill seemed to play the "surprised face" a lot too strong for my opinion. And that is okay, they seem to go a lot more with the open 'evil' thing by Littlefinger and that is okay.@hamsterminator. You can also put on Littlefinger's Death List: Jon Arryn (convinced Lysa to poison him), Jon Arryn's squire (via Cersei and the mountain), Eddard Stark (someone convinced Joffrey to ask for the head). Littlefinger is very good at making others do the deed and keeping his hands clean. He doesn't create the chaos as the show suggests, but he thrives on it and is quick to get the best of every situation. However that "long-term" no-plan will bite him sometimes. Once it will just not work out for him.I had an idea where I thought maybe LF's voice changes depending on how much chaos there is at the moment, but then I thought I was maybe just making excuses LOL.The basic idea is similar to how some people when they enter stressful situations get a sudden focus that most people normally have and lose in the same situation.  So LF thrives in chaos so well that when there is none or things are going smoothly, it actually affects his physical health.But I doubt that's the case.
2372	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	Varys isn't that different from LF. He, at the end of book 5, is partially admitting the chaos created in KL would benefit his plans. Of course, he's not creating the chaos, but while he wouldn't burn the realm he would put HIS king on top of those ashes when the chance is on.It's true that he has been fairly open about Cat, certainly around Sansa and Cat herself. I just didn't remember it ever having been explicitly stated that Varys was aware of it, even if it's precisely the sort of thing Varys would make it his business to know.I think he knows because many people do know and that's his weakness, which I think someone smart one day will be able to exploit (maybe Sansa herself). Unlike Varys, everybody knows where LF came from, that he was raised by the Tullys and that he one day challenged Brandom and lost. If noble lords know about it, I'm sure Varys would know as well.OTOH; we don't know if Varys's story about his origin is true. And there is no one around able to confirm it. But many lords can confirm LF's, even Cat herself.
2373	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-05-07	The difference between LF and Varys seem to be that Littlefinger seems to more be the guy who throws the dies into the air and get the most of how they fall. He doesn't seem to have an end goal and if he has one it is so vague that he can adapt it. Varys on the other hand does work with chaos as well, but he seems to be trying to manipulate the situation to get a certain playing board so that he can play his moves for his ulterior end, whether that is a Targaryen restoration, a Blackfyre dynasty or something completely different.
Oh, and on LF's death list, I forgot one thing discussed in this episode. I always assumed that LF was behind Mandon Moore's attempt on Tyrion's Life at the Battle of Blackwater since Tyrion is a threat to LF because he knows that it was LF who said the dagger belonged to Tyrion (and thus brought him into the Moon Cells at the Eyrie). The show seems to be suggesting more that it was Joffrey, but it's left vague enough...
2374	BenBamBoo	2013-05-07	I had been disappointed by the way LF had been portrayed so far this season, it seemed as though (through Ros) everyone knew all his plans and secrets. For me, this placed LF firmly back in the game in two ways.
1) He showed Varys that he knew who his little spy was, planting doubts into Varys that everything Ros told him was true and not a set up by LF.
2) He showed he has a really nasty side. Not just devious and manipulative, but actually nasty. 
Varys will not be so cocky (no pun intended, although it's quite a good pun) around LF in the future and sets LF up nicely for his stint in the Vale.
2375	KoishNoish	2013-05-07	Despite the entire thing about Varys perhaps looking weaker than LF you cannot deny that it was a cracking scene. I know its unusual for both to act differently when they are alone but to me in the TV series they portray the two as men who think they know the other very well. Therefore there's no reason to hide behind smiles and courtesies. I loved the way he said that scene and both of them acted this scene brilliantly. This episode wasn't action packed but this was the best scene (in my opinion) so far other than the Jamie/Brienne bath scene. I think we can all guess what's going to happen with LF in regards to Sansa and the Eyrie now (especially if you've read the books). Personally I felt that they hadn't shown LF being a proper threat and power in the seven kingdoms and had kind of swept him away until this scene. It was so perfectly educated and in a way made sense. I loved it.
2376	flinn	2013-05-07	I liked that scene and I had the impression that Varys set everything up to happen this way, or rather that he wasn't bothered in the slightest by this development. Conleth Hill seemed to play the "surprised face" a lot too strong for my opinion. And that is okay, they seem to go a lot more with the open 'evil' thing by Littlefinger and that is okay.@hamsterminator. You can also put on Littlefinger's Death List: Jon Arryn (convinced Lysa to poison him), Jon Arryn's squire (via Cersei and the mountain), Eddard Stark (someone convinced Joffrey to ask for the head). Littlefinger is very good at making others do the deed and keeping his hands clean. He doesn't create the chaos as the show suggests, but he thrives on it and is quick to get the best of every situation. However that "long-term" no-plan will bite him sometimes. Once it will just not work out for him. Hrm, it has been awhile since I read that part of the series but I thought it was... Cersei has Jon Aryn poisoned because he learns the truth about Cersei/Jaime. The Maester allows him to die because he knew Jon found out. LF has Lysa send a note to Cat saying that the Lannisters killed Jon and were going to kill her and she was fleeing to the Eyrie*. That leads to Ned accepting the Hand position even though he didn't want to take it and starts the ball of chaos rolling.
2377	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	Varys is helping to lay waste to realm ....Explain one thing that Varys has done so far in the books or story at this point (page ~400 of Storm of Swords) that is helping to lay waste to the realm.
2378	Young Nan	2013-05-07	In this scene, I loved the way, how littlefinger was staring at the Iron Throne, when Varys came in. He really dreams of sitting on it one day.I noticed that, and caught on to the symbolism as well, but didn't like it.  I always have thought of LF as preferring anonymity, enjoying pulling the strings from behind the scenes, I don't think he actually wants to sit the IT.
2379	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	Do you think his speech being about climbing and ending on the wildlings is a hint that he knows about the coming threat of the others/wildlings? Would it fit with his chaos motto to now about it and do nothing, or would that be too dangerous to his own well-being for him to try?
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 07 May 2013 - 06:23 PM.
2380	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	I noticed that, and caught on to the symbolism as well, but didn't like it.  I always have thought of LF as preferring anonymity, enjoying pulling the strings from behind the scenes, I don't think he actually wants to sit the IT.Ah he enjoys pulling the strings but eventually he wants to be king of it all, at least rule through his natural daughter.If you notice Varys and LF have a conversation where LF is looking at the Iron Throne in season one, two(deleted scene) and now season three.In season one LF and Varys were standing in "equal" admiration, they are both landless lords, that are basically equal. Serving the new king.In season two(deleted scene) LF taunts Varys(which I think is the reason that he seeks out Ros to help him keep LF contained) in this scene he actually touches it.In season three now LF just basically tells Varys that he's pwned him not only in his plan to marry Sansa to Loras but also killed Ros because he had choose her as an ally.In the books, no, we don't see LF stays behind the curtain because we don't have a POV of him, but the show it be too cheesy to not show LF playing the game while in KL because he obviously is.
2381	Mist Isle	2013-05-07	The show seems to suggest that LF does hope to sit the Iron Throne if he can reach it.  LF's objective in the book series is murkier (as of now), although probably the same.  LF works through the shadows often, but apparently he does intend to personally don a crown down the road.
					
					
							Edited by Mist Isle, 07 May 2013 - 07:32 PM.
2382	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	I always thought that LF tried to arrange the sansa tyrell marriage.
must read books for 5th time !
2383	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-05-08	Hrm, it has been awhile since I read that part of the series but I thought it was...Cersei has Jon Aryn poisoned because he learns the truth about Cersei/Jaime. The Maester allows him to die because he knew Jon found out.LF has Lysa send a note to Cat saying that the Lannisters killed Jon and were going to kill her and she was fleeing to the Eyrie*.That leads to Ned accepting the Hand position even though he didn't want to take it and starts the ball of chaos rolling.LF convinces Lysa Arryn to kill her husband by tellin her that he wants to foster her child at Dragonstone. Lysa is deeply in love with LF and that's what LF uses to further his advance to power. It's these personal relations that allowed him to start as a customs director at gulltown and  build up a network of organized bribes. Notice how he makes Lysa blame Cersei for the murder of Jon Arryn.As for the series, it's obviously a bit different, and I agree with the view that the show has LF "winning" his barter with Varys, but then Varys seems to be playing the longer game. So I doubt that LF even in the show knows about the Wildlings. They are simply not a factor and apart from a possible Braavos connection, LF's power lies in the people he brought up to powerful places all over Westeros such as customs inspectors, tax overseer or city guard captains. But those are mostly in Westeros and there mostly in the Vale...
2384	Lord Varys	2013-05-08	I don't think Littlefinger knows Varys 'really well'. The whole point with Varys' personality is that he is playing a role. And I don't see him dropping this facade to anyone, and most certainly not when he is privately conferring with Littlefinger. It's just completely out of character.
If we read the novels we can deduce Varys modus operandi from his talks to various POV characters, most importantly Tyrion and Ned. The whole thing about serving the Realm is Varys approach to win Ned's trust. He does not use that routine when dealing with Tyrion. There may be some truth to this since Varys endgame seems to be give the Realm a new golden era of peace and plenty, but it's obvious that he is trying to achieve this goal through a Targaryen pretender.
In the long run, Littlefinger unwittingly helped Varys' plan along. Back in AGoT Illyrio and Varys tried to prolong the outbreak of the civil war and failed due to Littlefinger's intervention, but this did actually turn out in their favor since the whole Dothraki plan went to hell when Drogo died prematurely. They had to postpone the invasion of Westeros. And right now things may even better than they could have hoped for.
As to Littlefinger's involvement in Jon Arryn's death: He told Lysa that and how she could poison him. But he did not tell her that Jon Arryn intended to send Robert as Stannis' ward to Dragonstone. Jon did tell this Lysa herself (Walder Frey tells us as much in AGoT when he complains to Cat the Arryns were fighting over this issue in front of him), and Lysa was desperate, and went to Petyr for help. Littlefinger suggested that Lysa could poison him and blame the Lannisters in a letter to Catelyn since they had the way better motive.
2385	jugdesh258	2013-05-08	I had been disappointed by the way LF had been portrayed so far this season, it seemed as though (through Ros) everyone knew all his plans and secrets.True....  for some reason the show wants to paint him in the traditional Machiavellian villain in these scenes.  Its too affected.  The way he speaks with the scratchy low voice with gritted teeth.  Why should Varys or ROs  have to convince anyone that he is evil ....he is acting the part and it is somewhat out of character for someone that is supposed to be wise and secretly plotting.  Off course we only see this as TV viewers....the characters LF interacts with obviously never saw a bad episode of Hunter ..I had an idea where I thought maybe LF's voice changes depending on how much chaos there is at the moment, but then I thought I was maybe just making excuses LOL.As I said the voice is Affect....maybe only for dumb viewing audience.  Maybe he should say.  " And I would have gotten away with it if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!!!
2386	Jerritus	2013-05-08	It's also cool that every time he has a scene with Varys and the throne, he is closer to it. Oh... I hadn't even noticed that.That's pretty awesome... /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Jerritus, 08 May 2013 - 12:06 PM.
2387	juanml82	2013-05-08	Explain one thing that Varys has done so far in the books or story at this point (page ~400 of Storm of Swords) that is helping to lay waste to the realm.I don't think the analysis works that way. Varys has long reaching plans. Plans LF sped up Varys' plans, and Varys just stopped to watch. We do know later on he'll kill Kevan and Pycelle because Kevan was competent and created dissent between Lannisters and Tyrells by showing that coin to Cersei. We also know he could have unmasked LF to Ned, thus preventing further animosity between Houses Lannister and Stark and did nothing. How is allowing a civil war to brew working for the realm?
2388	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	(I for one like to think Randyll Tarly will turn his cloak just for a chance to crap on Mace Tyrell at some point).Because that dolt Mace stole away the pride for his greatest victory? That would be awesome, Randyll is certainly capable of giving the fat flower the fate he deserves.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 May 2013 - 06:56 PM.
2389	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-08	I don't think the analysis works that way. Varys has long reaching plans. Plans LF sped up Varys' plans, and Varys just stopped to watch. We do know later on he'll kill Kevan and Pycelle because Kevan was competent and created dissent between Lannisters and Tyrells by showing that coin to Cersei. We also know he could have unmasked LF to Ned, thus preventing further animosity between Houses Lannister and Stark and did nothing. How is allowing a civil war to brew working for the realm?This is a concept that shows up in fiction a lot, and applies to nonfictional situations on a more shallow level. It's closest to the idea that the league of shadows had in Batman Begins, where the villain (who sees themselves as a good guy) believes that things have to be brought down so that things can be rebuilt in a better way. It's also a plot point in Arrow (CW) right now. The main bad guy wants to tear down the projects where his wife was murdered in order to rebuild it. The concept also applies somewhat to racehorses that have to be broken before you can ride them. And, as I've mentioned before, it's done in raising children too. Allowing them to make their own mistakes/get hurt sometimes for their own benefit. I suppose it raises the more philosophical question of the means justifying the end. I would say that Varys would answer yes. Both LF and Varys use chaos, but Varys sees it as a means to a greater end, while LF sees it as an opportunity for selfish advancement.
2390	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	I don't think the analysis works that way. Varys has long reaching plans.My point exactly that, saying "Varys is trying to cause chaos in order to seat Aegon" is not true, it's true once Aegon is close to coming to Westeros and he's actively trying to keep the realm in chaos once Cersei comes to power but when Aegon is a baby he's not trying to throw the realm into chaos. When Aegon is ten years old he's not trying to throw the realm into chaos and all those years in between he's probably not trying to throw the realm into chaos.Plans LF sped up Varys' plans, and Varys just stopped to watch. We do know later on he'll kill Kevan and Pycelle because Kevan was competent and created dissent between Lannisters and Tyrells by showing that coin to Cersei.  How is allowing a civil war to brew working for the realm?Varys actively before the War of Five Kings was trying to prevent war until the Darthaki were ready to invade, he was going against the tide of war,Ultimately there is one thing that Varys has to care about more than the realm. His own life, if he dies, he cannot really serve the realm.We also know he could have unmasked LF to Ned, thus preventing further animosity between Houses Lannister and Stark and did nothing.Ned trusted Catelyn's judgement of LF, LF himself told Ned not to trust him. Ned wouldn't have believed Varys. LF was helping Ned find out the truth about Jon Arryn's murder.
2391	The Bear	2013-05-08	Ultimately there is one thing that Varys has to care about more than the realm. His own life, if he dies, he cannot really serve the realm.And really, that is all we can know for certain at this stage. Maybe he does really want to save the realm, maybe he doesn't, but he definitely wants to preserve his own life.
2392	juanml82	2013-05-09	My point exactly that, saying "Varys is trying to cause chaos in order to seat Aegon" is not true, it's true once Aegon is close to coming to Westeros and he's actively trying to keep the realm in chaos once Cersei comes to power but when Aegon is a baby he's not trying to throw the realm into chaos. When Aegon is ten years old he's not trying to throw the realm into chaos and all those years in between he's probably not trying to throw the realm into chaos.But he plans to throw the realm into chaos once Aegon is readyVarys actively before the War of Five Kings was trying to prevent war until the Darthaki were ready to invade, he was going against the tide of war,Ultimately there is one thing that Varys has to care about more than the realm. His own life, if he dies, he cannot really serve the realm.Yes, but until the Dokrathi were ready to invade. Assuming Khal Drogo doesn't die, how do you explain the smallfolk raped by the invading Dokrathi that their suffering is the best for the realm?Ned trusted Catelyn's judgement of LF, LF himself told Ned not to trust him. Ned wouldn't have believed Varys. LF was helping Ned find out the truth about Jon Arryn's murder.Varys didn't need to earn Ned's trust. He only needed to point him in the right direction, for instance, for Ned to find out about LF's lies about the dagger. Such as: "hey, why don't you show the dagger to Robert? He will probably recognize it". If Ned follows that advice, he'll soon learn the dagger isn't Tyrion. In turn, that relaxes the relationship between the Starks and the Lannisters and can help to prevent a war. An alliance between Starks and Lannisters, if possible, is definitely good for the realm.
2393	Twentythoughts	2013-05-09	Show!Littlefinger is more openly evil than Book!Littlefinger. In the books, it feels like LF is definitely sneaky, but the whole "I thrive on chaos" thing doesn't show itself properly until he's just picked up Sansa and burned Dontos.
I guess they feel that they need to give people more clear motivations in the show, since we spend so much less time with each person.
2394	'96Buck	2013-05-09	They obviously wanted to get a sort of closure on the rather weird Varys-Littlefinger rivalry they established in the show. No such thing is actually happening in the books, and it makes little sense to have Varys put the Sansa plot into Olenna's head in the first place. And I don't see how this plan could have helped Varys' cause (i.e. the Aegon/Daenerys plan), or how Sansa's wellbeing could have affected 'the good of the Realm'. Making the Tyrell plot a sort of background for the Littlefinger-Varys rivalry actually diminishes the characters of Varys and Olenna. Olenna looks now somewhat dumber (since she did not come up with the Sansa idea all by herself!), and Varys appears much more clumsier (since he could neither protect Ros, nor keep his involvement in the Tyrell a secret from Littlefinger).I guess it makes sense that Littlefinger leaves the capital as the (apparent) victor in his little sparring games with Varys. The show has still time to establish the depths of Varys' game, and that game is much deeper than anything Littlefinger could cook up. In fact, Littlefinger did pretty much nothing to prevent Varys' own plans. He has no clue about Aegon, after all!The one remarkable thing is that Littlefinger's feeling of triumph is yet again not only uncharacteristic (I don't see Varys dropping his facade in front of Varys, even if he knows that Varys knows what he is really up to - a man like Littlefinger lives and believes the lie himself, he does drop his guard and lets anyone see his true face or emotions), but also quite dull in show terms since Littlefinger was actually not the one to thwart Varys' plan but Cersei who commanded him to investigate the intentions of the Tyrells. Nothing in the show indicates that Littlefinger would have uncovered the Tyrell plot on his own!I think Varys is running the "long con" on LF.  Yep, LF's games to continue to destablize the status quo are proceeding as he plans...but Varys WANTS the status quo destabilized.  so LF thinks he's doing something by ruining the Stark/Tyrell marriage, or by either rooting out Ros as a leak or having set up Ros as a patsy, but he is still serving Varys's ends.  Down the line, LF thinks he's doing something by building enmity between Tyrion and Joff w/ the midget jousters...but again, weaking Lannister is just fine with Varys.
2395	'96Buck	2013-05-09	Hrm, it has been awhile since I read that part of the series but I thought it was...Cersei has Jon Aryn poisoned because he learns the truth about Cersei/Jaime. The Maester allows him to die because he knew Jon found out.LF has Lysa send a note to Cat saying that the Lannisters killed Jon and were going to kill her and she was fleeing to the Eyrie*.That leads to Ned accepting the Hand position even though he didn't want to take it and starts the ball of chaos rolling.Lysa says different, I believe in her pre-chuteless jump rant.
2396	Silverx2	2013-05-09	Hrm, it has been awhile since I read that part of the series but I thought it was...Cersei has Jon Aryn poisoned because he learns the truth about Cersei/Jaime. The Maester allows him to die because he knew Jon found out.LF has Lysa send a note to Cat saying that the Lannisters killed Jon and were going to kill her and she was fleeing to the Eyrie*.That leads to Ned accepting the Hand position even though he didn't want to take it and starts the ball of chaos rolling.LF has lyssa posion Jon, and then send a letter saying it was the lannisters. Littlefingers plan the whole time was to fabricate strife between the wolf and the lion, with the ultimate goal of kill off ned, while at the same time LF raises in lordship in order to win the hand of catelyn. That falls through Cat gets killed, and so LF switches up his game, he weds lysa to get the eyrie, kills lysa to become sole lord, and now has Sansa, heir to winterfel in his back pocket. This gives him the north and the vale, with Sansa's heiritage to the Tully holdings of Riverrun, you have 3 of the largest kingdoms with which to wage a war for the iron throne.Ultimately the lannisters had nothing to do with Jon Arryns death, it was all misdirection on LF part to get ned to kings landing, hopefully killed.
2397	Lord Varys	2013-05-10	Littlefinger's motives are a little more complicated than 'destroy the Starks and win Catelyn's love and affection'. In the books, the man does not make a singular attempt to win Cat back after he has arranged Ned's death. It's not even investigated/hinted at whether he does no longer want Catelyn or whether he realized that such an attempt would be doomed from the start. But then, the books indicate as early as in AGoT that Littlefinger does want Sansa, not Catelyn.
As to the Jon Arryn and the letter thing: We should make the mistake to assume that Littlefinger did start this whole thing to ruin the Starks. He could not foresee the chance meeting between Tyrion and Catelyn on the road, nor could he predict that Catelyn would arrest Tyrion when he convinced Lysa to send the letter to Catelyn. The letter was both a much-needed device to cover his, Varys', and Lysa's tracks in the poisoning of Jon Arryn, and the perfect way to get in the head of the next Hand. Littlefinger did not need to be a genius to deduce that Robert Baratheon would name Eddard Stark his Hand after Jon Arryn's death. When Cat and later Ned arrived at court Littlefinger jumped on the chance to deepen the seed of mistrust about the Lannister he had planted into Ned and Cat's heads. But he never intended for them to actually make a move against the Lannisters. That's why he blamed Tyrion for the attempt on Bran's life, the one Lannister who was far away from court. They could not question him, even if they wanted to. Littlefinger's offer to help Ned along as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm on the eve of Robert's death was sincere. All Littlefinger ever wanted was to rise higher, and if Ned had promised to make him a Great Lord in exchange for his help he would have helped him, not the Lannisters.
2398	Silverx2	2013-05-10	Littlefinger's motives are a little more complicated than 'destroy the Starks and win Catelyn's love and affection'. In the books, the man does not make a singular attempt to win Cat back after he has arranged Ned's death. It's not even investigated/hinted at whether he does no longer want Catelyn or whether he realized that such an attempt would be doomed from the start. But then, the books indicate as early as in AGoT that Littlefinger does want Sansa, not Catelyn.As to the Jon Arryn and the letter thing: We should make the mistake to assume that Littlefinger did start this whole thing to ruin the Starks. He could not foresee the chance meeting between Tyrion and Catelyn on the road, nor could he predict that Catelyn would arrest Tyrion when he convinced Lysa to send the letter to Catelyn. The letter was both a much-needed device to cover his, Varys', and Lysa's tracks in the poisoning of Jon Arryn, and the perfect way to get in the head of the next Hand. Littlefinger did not need to be a genius to deduce that Robert Baratheon would name Eddard Stark his Hand after Jon Arryn's death. When Cat and later Ned arrived at court Littlefinger jumped on the chance to deepen the seed of mistrust about the Lannister he had planted into Ned and Cat's heads. But he never intended for them to actually make a move against the Lannisters. That's why he blamed Tyrion for the attempt on Bran's life, the one Lannister who was far away from court. They could not question him, even if they wanted to. Littlefinger's offer to help Ned along as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm on the eve of Robert's death was sincere. All Littlefinger ever wanted was to rise higher, and if Ned had promised to make him a Great Lord in exchange for his help he would have helped him, not the Lannisters.I believe the initial goal was to wed Cat as that would put him in line to take Winterfel if the stark kids had all died, by the time Ned gets killed Theons gone back to the iron islands and its getting closer to 2 out of the 3 boys being taken out. Littlefinger is amassing armies via inheritance of lordships. when winterfel falls through, the vale is the runnerup. like i said, ultimately hes looking at the vale, the riverlands, and the north as being either his, or under his umbrella with Sansa on board.
2399	Kernest	2013-05-11	Littlefinger's motives are a little more complicated than 'destroy the Starks and win Catelyn's love and affection'. In the books, the man does not make a singular attempt to win Cat back after he has arranged Ned's death. It's not even investigated/hinted at whether he does no longer want Catelyn or whether he realized that such an attempt would be doomed from the start. But then, the books indicate as early as in AGoT that Littlefinger does want Sansa, not Catelyn.Petyr: "My sweet silly jealous wife," he said, chuckling. "I've only loved one woman, I promise you."Lysa smiled tremulously. "Only one? Oh, Petyr, do you swear it? Only one?"Petyr: "Only Cat." He gave her a short, sharp shove.
2400	Lord Varys	2013-05-30	When he talks about Cat to Lysa he refers to the old Petyr, the one he was before he fought for Catelyn's hand against Brandon. Back in their youth, Littlefinger only loved Catelyn, never Lysa. And obviously he never loved the fat and annoying woman Lysa became later on. After the duel,, it's obvious that Littlefinger is still motivated by an ambition that he shared with innocent little Petyr, but the endgame is obviously no longer the hand of the girl. Sansa is in the books not only a better, more beautiful version of Catelyn, she does also remember Petyr of the boy he was in his youth. That's why Sansa is much more interesting and appealing to him than Catelyn ever was.
In the show, Littlefinger's interest in Catelyn remains until they meet again in Renly's camp. But that's not how things are in the books. In fact, both ACoK and ADwD revealed that Littlefinger's main actions are actually driven by coincidence. His decision to manipulate Joffrey into executing Ned came after Cersei refused to let him marry Sansa (Cersei remembers this in her second chapter in ADwD), and Littlefinger's plan to ge Sansa out of KL through Dontos was created when Tyrion offered to make Petyr Lord of Harrenhal if he could win the Vale for King Joffrey.
The one element of Littlefinger's 'long-term plan' that was fixed from the start was his pact with Lysa to marry her when they agreed to murder Jon Arryn. That's why Lysa did not agree to marry any of her suitors while Littlefinger was still serving as Master of Coin. He assured her that he would get his Lordship from whoever needed his help at court and then he would come and marry her. And he did. I don't see Littlefinger trying to take over the North through a widowed Catelyn. Ned Stark had plenty of male heirs - he could only hope to serve as Lord Protector of the North for a very short period of time - and he, Littlefinger, had no connections whatsoever in the North. Whereas it is evident by now that Littlefinger has plenty of friends in the Vale, both among the merchants and aristocracy. He planned to take over the Vale for quite a lot of time, it's only natural, it's the region where he came from, after all...
2401	juanml82	2013-05-30	When he talks about Cat to Lysa he refers to the old Petyr, the one he was before he fought for Catelyn's hand against Brandon. Back in their youth, Littlefinger only loved Catelyn, never Lysa. And obviously he never loved the fat and annoying woman Lysa became later on. After the duel,, it's obvious that Littlefinger is still motivated by an ambition that he shared with innocent little Petyr, but the endgame is obviously no longer the hand of the girl. Sansa is in the books not only a better, more beautiful version of Catelyn, she does also remember Petyr of the boy he was in his youth. That's why Sansa is much more interesting and appealing to him than Catelyn ever was.In the show, Littlefinger's interest in Catelyn remains until they meet again in Renly's camp. But that's not how things are in the books. In fact, both ACoK and ADwD revealed that Littlefinger's main actions are actually driven by coincidence. His decision to manipulate Joffrey into executing Ned came after Cersei refused to let him marry Sansa (Cersei remembers this in her second chapter in ADwD), and Littlefinger's plan to ge Sansa out of KL through Dontos was created when Tyrion offered to make Petyr Lord of Harrenhal if he could win the Vale for King Joffrey.The one element of Littlefinger's 'long-term plan' that was fixed from the start was his pact with Lysa to marry her when they agreed to murder Jon Arryn. That's why Lysa did not agree to marry any of her suitors while Littlefinger was still serving as Master of Coin. He assured her that he would get his Lordship from whoever needed his help at court and then he would come and marry her. And he did. I don't see Littlefinger trying to take over the North through a widowed Catelyn. Ned Stark had plenty of male heirs - he could only hope to serve as Lord Protector of the North for a very short period of time - and he, Littlefinger, had no connections whatsoever in the North. Whereas it is evident by now that Littlefinger has plenty of friends in the Vale, both among the merchants and aristocracy. He planned to take over the Vale for quite a lot of time, it's only natural, it's the region where he came from, after all...Just in case, LF manipulating Joffrey to get Ned killed is speculation, it's not really backed by the text
2402	Lord Varys	2013-05-30	But the ADwD memory of Cersei added yet another hint that this what happened. The show actually added to that with Littlefinger's ominous glance at Varys during the GRRM-written episode 'The Pointy End' (when Varys was trying to convince Joff to pardon Ned). It makes little to no sense to assume that Joffrey did execute Ned on a whim, especially not since it is established that Cersei wanted him to pardon Ned, and that both Janos Slynt and Ilyn Payne as if they had known what was going to happen.
2403	juanml82	2013-05-30	Sure, there are reasons to be suspicious, but nothing clear. Joff, being a weak inexperienced monarch had a reason to execute Ned in the Sept, and that is to appear strong.
Of course, he might have thought about killing Ned for that reason on his own or LF might have subtly implied how a strong king executes traitors no matter what, or how that would help him subdue Renly or Stannis. Or let such gossips reach Joffrey's ears.
2404	FindingNeo	2013-06-06	Do you think his speech being about climbing and ending on the wildlings is a hint that he knows about the coming threat of the others/wildlings? Would it fit with his chaos motto to now about it and do nothing, or would that be too dangerous to his own well-being for him to try?I have yet to read or see anything in the books or show that leads me to believe that any character besides Tyrion and Davos/Mel/Stannis care about what happens on the wall. Aside from of course the obvious members of the NW and Wildlings.
2405	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-09	I just re watched this episode. can someone explain to me why the Sansa-Loras marriage would have been good for the realm?  how would it have stabilized things?
2406	Raion Laion	2013-05-06	This is a thread for those who actually liked Ros. Please, if your main reason for coming to this thread is to show your unrequited negativity, go somewhere else. 
As a hardcore book reader, Ros always struck me as the intriguing character. I've followed her character so gladly, adoring her femininity, wondering where do whores go. She was of gentle blood and kind nature. Kissed by fire.
Bye, girl.
2407	Pellaeon	2013-05-07	They spent two seasons to build her up, even start to make her interesting and then this?
Come on, not only killing her it also appears pretty useless. Kill her offscreen by Joffrey, and then such a horrible death. It's not only sad but also a mockery to all viewers to dispose her like that
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 07 May 2013 - 02:39 AM.
2408	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	I thought it was a very effective death in that it was unexpected and shocking, and very sad.
Countdown to someone who comes in here and says "I appreciate that Ros is dead, nyuck nyuck"
2409	Zultra	2013-05-07	I thought it was funny reading this forum, all this unfounded hate for Ros, yet when she is fobbed off everyone moans, but alas the viewership on the whole aren't braindead /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2410	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-05-07	I liked her insights into LF's brothel business. It added that devious side to LF which we rarely ever got to see in the books. But her role as LF's upclass companion to the wharf this season was weird and I knew it was not going to last. Her days were numbered once she told Varys.
2411	ambi76	2013-05-07	I really like(d) Ros. Even thought of writing a fanfic where she and Tyrion end up together after the war is over. Bummer. Never really understood the haters. The only scene that was a bit excessive was the Littllefinger "now play with her ass" monologue IMO.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 03:30 AM.
2412	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	But her role as LF's upclass companion to the wharf this season was weird and I knew it was not going to last. Her days were numbered once she told Varys.Really you think so? That was the scene that made me really appreciate her character growth. She had gone from a back room whore to the personal assistant of the Master of Coin. Movin on up!
2413	brunswick2010	2013-05-07	I thought it was cleverly done that they, from what I remember, had Ros hit by the crossbow bolts in the same places as Arya places her arrows earlier in the show!?
2414	Sniraga	2013-05-07	I never was a Ros hater, but I thought very little of her character usage in the previous seasons. She's been more interesting in this season, so her death now felt shocking and it was surprisingly sad to lose her. I saw earlier some (joke) predictions that Ros would end up in the Small Council, and thought that would be hilarious. Not going to happen now... 
I kinda liked how I was completely in the dark with Ros' storyline, at the same level as the non-readers, trying to figure out what's her role in the larger scheme of things. I guess I was starting to root for her, even though I didn't realise it until it was too late /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2415	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	I liked Ros, she didnt deserve that.
Another reason to hate Joffrey and the devious Littlefinger for throwing her to him!
2416	zaphodbrx	2013-05-07	Not gonna lie, I did not see this coming. Having read the books as well as the fact that the show makes everything so brazenly obvious I thought I couldn't get shocked or surprised, but I did.She had gone from a back room whore to the personal assistant of the Master of Coin. Movin on up!I believe the official term is 'hand of the pimp'.
					
					
							Edited by zaphodbrx, 07 May 2013 - 06:17 AM.
2417	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-07	Saw this coming. Liked it. It made sense and her death finally gave Littlefinger some real credibility as a dangerous player.
Ros had a few pointless scenes over the years but her role of facilitating the development of other characters was useful on the whole. Her demise was sad and made me feel for her.
2418	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	"Can a (wo)man still be brave if (s)he's afraid?"
"That is the only time a man (or woman) can be brave"
2419	the hound of sansa	2013-05-07	Ros had started to grow on me in season 3. In previous seasons i did not care about her at all, but something changed after. Perhaps because she didn't appear all the time naked, she wasn't just the boobs in the scene. And i was shocked they killed her off.
2420	JoePescisBoss	2013-05-07	This is a thread for those who actually liked Ros. Please, if your main reason for coming to this thread is to show your unrequited negativity, go somewhere else.As a hardcore book reader, Ros always struck me as the intriguing character. I've followed her character so gladly, adoring her femininity, wondering where do whores go. She was of gentle blood and kind nature. Kissed by fire.Bye, girl.Yep! And I also liked her pussy
2421	Kaitscralt	2013-05-07	She were perty.
2422	Lady Hornwood	2013-05-07	I thought it was cleverly done that they, from what I remember, had Ros hit by the crossbow bolts in the same places as Arya places her arrows earlier in the show!?Yes, she was! I think they are trying to establish a strong Arya/death connection (in the prewiev for the next episode she says death is her god). Anyway, I liked Ros and I saw her purpouse. I loved the actress. She is beautiful.
2423	The Pain Yak	2013-05-07	I never loved Ros, nor did I hate her as some seem to, but I have to admit it shocked me when she was killed so brutally and without warning. Left me feeling slightly uneasy for several minutes after the episode ended.I mean, I was expecting the Theon torture and such. Wasn't expecting that in the least.
2424	eyeheartsansa	2013-05-07	it helps to just watch the show like any other TV show and think of her as a person and not as a plot device or shortcut, or bother about what her 'purpose' is.  She's just a working girl who got royally fucked over by forces out of her control.  In retrospect, there's a scene from season 2 where LF sort of 'warns' her about what happens to bad whores, so in a way you could see it coming.
2425	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	I figured Ros would die eventually. This was not how I pictured it. It was definitely shocking. She wasn't a character that I was invested in, but I have to say she slightly grew on me in the first episode when she talks about Sansa and asks Shae to look out for her.
I don't understand people being mad or upset about her death though. This is Game of Thrones and people are going to die and it was my understanding that she is a character that sort of represents how the women in this society are treated. So LF selling her to Joffrey to use as toy in his sick game is sort of fitting in a way. It shows the depravity of the characters and the society in which they live in.
2426	Dove	2013-05-07	Esme Bianco is a lovely person & actress and it's a shame she took so much shit for such an innocuous character. I didn't mind Ros, and I thought her scene with Shae on the docks this season was really sweet. I was kind of hoping she'd live forever and become a Lady or something just to troll the folks that hated her~.
I can safely say I never expected her death to be so abrupt, and if shock and surprise is what they were after they succeeded - her murder hit me harder in its bleakness and brutality than just about any other moment in the show thus far, but it certainly felt true to the books in atmosphere. RIP Ros.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 07 May 2013 - 09:27 AM.
2427	MoAt	2013-05-07	Loved Ros. Thought it was brilliant using her as a character who combined a handful of named whores from the books, so we could become invested in her, and so non-book readers wouldn't get lost with too many names/faces to keep up with.
I wanted her to outlive everyone, especially to piss off the H8er trolls.
Glad they gave her a magnificent send off that doubles down on how evil Joffrey is.
A lot of fans love Ros.
	Spoiler When karma catches up with Joffrey, those fans will cheer even louder now.

Hope Esme lands an AWESOME gig immediately.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 07 May 2013 - 09:47 AM.
2428	JaTyAdo	2013-05-07	I like the actress.. one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen and she can act.. but not Ros...
2429	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-07	I'm surprised this character breeds such emotions. It was a decent book deviation imho, well played, and they killed her when she becomes useless (seeing LF is now going for the Vale i cant imagine what they will do with her). I don't really care much about her, definitely not hating her though.
					
					
							Edited by WardenOfTheNerds, 07 May 2013 - 11:14 AM.
2430	Penguin king	2013-05-07	Not trying to be a hater here, but I just don't see the appeal of Ros as a character.  There's just not a lot of substance to her personality, she never had any great lines, and she doesn't really do anything. Can anyone clue me in as to what I'm missing?
2431	Woel	2013-05-07	Not trying to be a hater here, but I just don't see the appeal of Ros as a character.  There's just not a lot of substance to her personality, she never had any great lines, and she doesn't really do anything. Can anyone clue me in as to what I'm missing?You could make the same argument about Chataya or any other whore in the books who plays minor part. Ros is minor whore 1 + minor whore 2 + ... + minor whore n, with some added characterisation. She provided an important way of developing other characters in the show. She was a good secondary character.
2432	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	Not a fan of all the soft-core porn scenes, but Ros was at least gorgeous to look at.  Liked her character and thought she did a good job with it even though, again, the porn.Fantastic death, and I mean that in the sense that it was shocking, emotionally powerful, and made some strong character statements about other characters.  Brilliant way to take her out, really, because her death left a stronger impression than we'd likely have thought possible.
2433	Penguin king	2013-05-07	You could make the same argument about Chataya or any other whore in the books who plays minor part. Ros is minor whore 1 + minor whore 2 + ... + minor whore n, with some added characterisation. She provided an important way of developing other characters in the show. She was a good secondary character.I get that she served a purpose on the show, but like you say it, was to develop aspects of other characters. I never felt she developed much of a character of her own.  I mean she was a comon born whore who wanted to better herself. What else can you say? That's more an archetype than a real character.
2434	KayOfLaihr	2013-05-07	I love Ros. All her scenes are on point, she's a delight to watch. Props to EsmA Bianco.
I'm outraged that she died like this. It's not ok to glamourise sexual violence and torture, even to show that LF and Joffrey are sadistic dirtbags.
2435	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	I'm outraged that she died like this. It's not ok to glamourise sexual violence and torture, even to show that LF and Joffrey are sadistic dirtbags.How was sexual violence "glamourized?" It was portrayed as horrible, committed by a despicable character, the actual violence was not shown, and even the final scene was only on the screen for a few seconds.What you're really objecting to is having sexual violence portrayed period, which is a ridiculous limitation to place on fiction.  What, are we supposed to pretend it doesn't exist?
2436	Ser Drizztos	2013-05-07	At least we now know why she got so much screen time lately. Killing off some random whore wouldn't have had the same dramatic impact.
2437	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	I love Ros. All her scenes are on point, she's a delight to watch. Props to EsmA Bianco.I'm outraged that she died like this. It's not ok to glamourise sexual violence and torture, even to show that LF and Joffrey are sadistic dirtbags.No, it's not OK to glamorise sexual violence. Thankfully, the sexual violence wasn't glamorised, so no issues there.At least we now know why she got so much screen time lately. Killing off some random whore wouldn't have had the same dramatic impact.She'd been in three very short scenes before this episode this season.How was sexual violence "glamourized?" It was portrayed as horrible, committed by a despicable character, the actual violence was not shown, and even the final scene was only on the screen for a few seconds.What you're really objecting to is having sexual violence portrayed period, which is a ridiculous limitation to place on fiction.  What, are we supposed to pretend it doesn't exist? Exactly. Hiding from an issue does not make it any less extant.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 07 May 2013 - 01:52 PM.
2438	Ser Drizztos	2013-05-07	She'd been in three very short scenes before this episode this season.All of them unnecessary additions - or so we thought.
2439	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-05-07	I always liked Esme in the role (she's gorgeous and very charismatic) but thanks to her prominence in all the silly sexposition of S1 I didn't appreciate Ros as a character until her amusing scene with Pycelle.  I still chuckle at her plainly evident boredom and disgust with the old fart.  Since then I've enjoyed the direction the showrunners decided to take with her  - smart, ambitious, even compassionate - she seemed to be moving up in the world and had become a fairly well-rounded character.  So yeah, her death in such a cruel manner was an unpleasant surprise.
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 07 May 2013 - 02:34 PM.
2440	Maester Murks	2013-05-07	Great Actress, beautiful woman in a role that served a purpose. Killed off in a ridiculous, gratuitous way (Joffrey asking LF for a whore to kill for fun? No.)
And I actually think we have to thank some hateful bookreaders for this, whom D&D wanted to appease with this.
edit: spelling..
					
					
							Edited by Maester Murks, 07 May 2013 - 03:59 PM.
2441	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Great Actress, beautiful women in a role that served a purpose. Killed off in a ridiculous, gratuitous way (Joffrey asking LF for a whore to kill for fun? No.)And I actually think we have to thank some hateful bookreaders for this, whom D&D wanted to appease with this.No, I doubt that, much as I'd like to believe it was all their fault. Littlefinger's KL scenes are over and she was his girl first and foremost. And I would disagree that it was ridiculous or gratuitous. It was emotional and powerful. The word gratuitous has been severely overused on this forum.
2442	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	Don't take this as Ros "hate" but I think everyone should agree that many of her scenes were pretty useless. I like the idea of using her for sexposition (Tyrion's intro, theon's backstory, littlefinger's, among other few scenes) but I feel there was a much better way, aside from Tyrion.That being said, I do appreciate the actress, the character grew some interest in me, especially when she talked to Shae about Sansa. I loved that! And her death was a complete shock. I literally gasped, and then said outloud "the forums are gonna go crazy!"Edit: my main gripe with her is that we get so little Arya time when she's clearly a fan favorite, yet we got a long scene with her crying over Barra and Littlefinger pretending to comfort her and then threatening her with his bad investments speech. After this episode I look back on that scene with a bit of irony and appreciation, but I still think it went on too long.And I think littlefinger proclaiming her as a 'bad investment' so he killed her can be seen as a parallel to D&D's feelings of her use. She was a 'bad investment' in that there was so much negative fan reaction. So they killed her off.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 07 May 2013 - 04:23 PM.
2443	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Don't take this as Ros "hate" but I think everyone should agree that many of her scenes were pretty useless. I like the idea of using her for sexposition (Tyrion's intro, theon's backstory, littlefinger's, among other few scenes) but I feel there was a much better way, aside from Tyrion.That being said, I do appreciate the actress, the character grew some interest in me, and her death was a complete shock. I literally gasped, and then said outloud "the forums are gonna go crazy!"I think the Tyrion, Pycelle and especially Theon scenes were fine, good even. But the Littlefinger one...even I will admit to finding that cringeworthy.
2444	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	I think the Tyrion, Pycelle and especially Theon scenes were fine, good even. But the Littlefinger one...even I will admit to finding that cringeworthy.Actually I agree now. Pycelle's scene showed who he really was.But in the infamous littlefinger scene... "play with her ass... do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound?... I can't beat them, so I'm going to fuck them." That scene was not executed as good as it could've been.
2445	BlueDragon	2013-05-07	I love Ros. All her scenes are on point, she's a delight to watch. Props to EsmA Bianco.I'm outraged that she died like this. It's not ok to glamourise sexual violence and torture, even to show that LF and Joffrey are sadistic dirtbags.the entire series celebrates violence with a veneer of 'look how horrible these people are"How was sexual violence "glamourized?" It was portrayed as horrible, committed by a despicable character, the actual violence was not shown, and even the final scene was only on the screen for a few seconds.What you're really objecting to is having sexual violence portrayed period, which is a ridiculous limitation to place on fiction.  What, are we supposed to pretend it doesn't exist?no, what we are objecting to is how easy this violence goes down, the way the violence is always depicted from the pov of the sadistic agent and how little this is recognizedi really like ros on every level.  she provided a commentary on the trap she and others experience, especially women.her protective impulse regarding sansa was right onshe was smart and courageous
2446	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-07	I've liked Ros from episode one and never understood all of the fanboi hate.  She did not deserve to die at the hands of a little coward piss ant like Joffrey.  I want Littlefinger to die a slow and agonizing death.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 07 May 2013 - 04:52 PM.
2447	Grail King	2013-05-07	I thought it was a very effective death in that it was unexpected and shocking, and very sad.Countdown to someone who comes in here and says "I appreciate that Ros is dead, nyuck nyuck"I agree, I didn't mind using her for the plots, now they'll bring in Dontos as a way to repay his debt to Sansa for getting his life spared.Roz just confirmed both Vary's and Baelish have spies watching the other.
2448	Grail King	2013-05-07	I've liked Ros from episode one and never understood all of the fanboi hate.  She did not deserve to die at the hands of a little coward piss ant like Joffrey.  I want Littlefinger to die a slow an agonizing death.Maybe Sansa will learn a crossbow.
2449	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-07	Maybe Sansa will learn a crossbow.I'm hoping for worse than that.etd for spoilers.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 07 May 2013 - 06:29 PM.
2450	pntrlqst	2013-05-07	Ros's death does not have to be in vain!
Joffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s murder of her should be motivated by the fact that she was believed to be Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s whore. It would be his way to impress Tywin (<U+0080><U+009C>The next whore I find in your bed, I<U+0080><U+0099>ll hang<U+0080><U+009D>). Coupled with the fact that Cersei lead Tyrion to believe that Joffrey put out the Blackwater hit, 
	Spoiler it<U+0080><U+0099>ll give Cersei ample reason to believe Tyrion poisoned Joff. And LF mentioned the Tyrion/Ros mistake a few episodes ago, so he<U+0080><U+0099>d know exactly how to get Joff to pull the trigger <U+0080><U+0094> Littlefinger style manipulation clear as day, as it puts the suspicion of Joff's poisoning off of him and onto Tyrion.

IF this is to be how the storyline unfolds, I think it is a brilliant change to the narrative, but alas...
D&D won't realize the opportunity they have and they'll make EsmA's horrific departure all for naught.
					
					
							Edited by pntrlqst, 07 May 2013 - 05:07 PM.
2451	flinn	2013-05-07	While I wasn't a Ros fan, I felt like her PoV filled in some gaps that book readers got from PoV thoughts. Terrible to see her go out the way she did.
Makes me wonder if cast come to this site (being one of the most popular) to see what fans are saying about their performances.
2452	BlueDragon	2013-05-07	Ros's death does not have to be in vain!Joffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s murder of her should be motivated by the fact that she was believed to be Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s whore. It would be his way to impress Tywin (<U+0080><U+009C>The next whore I find in your bed, I<U+0080><U+0099>ll hang<U+0080><U+009D>). Coupled with the fact that Cersei lead Tyrion to believe that Joffrey put out the Blackwater hit, 
	Spoiler it<U+0080><U+0099>ll give Cersei ample reason to believe Tyrion poisoned Joff. And LF mentioned the Tyrion/Ros mistake a few episodes ago, so he<U+0080><U+0099>d know exactly how to get Joff to pull the trigger <U+0080><U+0094> Littlefinger style manipulation clear as day, as it puts the suspicion of Joff's poisoning off of him and onto Tyrion.
IF this is to be how the storyline unfolds, I think it is a brilliant change to the narrative, but alas...D&D won't realize the opportunity they have and they'll make EsmA's horrific departure all for naught. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />except D&D might know precisely what they are doingshowing her ex post facto may or may not be as strong as it needs to be
					
					
							Edited by BlueDragon, 07 May 2013 - 05:24 PM.
2453	Kolantero	2013-05-07	I liked her character but I also liked the (sudden and shocking) way the writers chose to kill her. Really did not see that coming.
2454	Vhailorian	2013-05-07	Having spent an unusually high percentage of my meager post count defending Ros on these boards, I am sad to see her go. That final image of her was haunting however... I was actually so shocked that I totally lost track of Littlefinger's monologue. Then I rewound...and I missed it again. It took me a few tries before I could get the monologue to sink in and not be blotted out by that image.
	 /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> Cheers to Esme Bianco...she did a fabulous job and I hope she finds a great job real soon...hopefully in something I watch. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2455	teemo	2013-05-07	When people say not liking Ros is "fanboy" hate, what does that even mean?
2456	Anvilbreaker	2013-05-07	as a reader her death was the first time I have really been shocked by the TV show. I think it was a good way to keep people on their feet, specially with the way some things have been different from the book. maybe characters who live in the book but don't do anything will now be fair game?
2457	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-07	Actually I agree now. Pycelle's scene showed who he really was.But in the infamous littlefinger scene... "play with her ass... do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound?... I can't beat them, so I'm going to fuck them." That scene was not executed as good as it could've been.I never thought that was a bad scene because of the sexual content; given the context, that stuff seemed perfectly appropriate to me. What made it one of the program's weakest scenes, IMO, was LF's blatant speechmaking -he essentially "cut a promo" to the viewing audience.The show by and large has done a good job avoiding this. But usually when they make this mistake it involves Littlefinger.It's as though D&D(and the rest of the writers really want to trust the viewership to get things through subtext, but periodically they get cold feet and have LF make a speech to announce his intentions. Curious.On the subject of this thread, I liked the character well enough, and think Esme acquitted herself well. I will admit I enjoyed both her acting AND her nudity.
2458	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-07	Yep! And I also liked her pussyShit...I laughed so hard...Haters picked on her, but she was a strong actress that hit plot beats and facilitated the story moving forward by showing certain characters motivations.  And her death did the same.Bye Esme/Ros, good work!
					
					
							Edited by The Dragon has three heads, 07 May 2013 - 09:34 PM.
2459	Pod The Impaler	2013-05-07	So much for my crackpot theory that Ros was going to be used as a "Jeyne Poole" substitute for a certain one of Littlefinger's schemes.
(And if you haven't read the books, don't spoiler yourself by looking up that one, please.)
I liked the character Ros, but I recognize that she had a few purposes:
- As a compilation of sorts, for all the various high-end whores in King's Landing that are in the story.
- As a way of highlighting the evil ruthlessness of Littlefinger, and to some degree the unusual compassion of Varys. Then there's the extra sadism of Joffrey, they need to show too - in the books Joffrey was worse in a lot of ways (more Sansa tormenting, more random killing of commoners because he enjoys it, etc.). So basically Ros acts as the one who walks through this minefield of intrigue (until she hits a mine and dies).
- Of course, there's also the issue of Littlefinger's plans & personality. In Season 1, he gave a sort of speech to her which revealed something about himself, his desires. Ros maybe just knew that and put 2+2 together with regard to Sansa. Her mistake I guess was trying to protect Sansa from him. (I guess redheads from the North stick together?)
Overall,  I feel bad for Ros to die that way.
					
					
							Edited by Pod The Impaler, 07 May 2013 - 11:22 PM.
2460	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	I never thought that was a bad scene because of the sexual content; given the context, that stuff seemed perfectly appropriate to me. What made it one of the program's weakest scenes, IMO, was LF's blatant speechmaking -he essentially "cut a promo" to the viewing audience.The show by and large has done a good job avoiding this. But usually when they make this mistake it involves Littlefinger.It's as though D&D(and the rest of the writers really want to trust the viewership to get things through subtext, but periodically they get cold feet and have LF make a speech to announce his intentions. Curious.Perhaps he is the favorite character of D&D and they use him to basically place themselves in the show in a sense to address the viewers. Adds to my parallel about Ros being D&D's "bad investment."And LF chaos speech I think was total promo making. Not sure if he says the same thing in the books, but if not then that's totally it.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 07 May 2013 - 11:31 PM.
2461	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-05-08	Yeah, poor Ros. I'll miss her. And so much for her standing in for Dontos w/ Sansa. Does this mean we may actually get Dontos as Dontos now?
RIP Ros and Ros' (.)(.)
2462	Sun	2013-05-08	I didn't have strong feelings about Ros either way. she was just another bit character, to me. Ros being invented for the show was neither here nor there, as far as I'm concerned. She actress did her part, sometimes well, sometimes not. In that way she was much better than a couple of main actors in the show that I thought were consistently awful. Ros being what Ros was, a bit role, I really didn't care whether she lived or died.
Having said that, I have to congratulate the show on making as much of her in death as possible. It was a shocking and powerful moment, that certainly served to leave its mark on me as a viewer. It gave an otherwise mediocre episode a punch it desperately needed, and it made that crossbow indelible in the memory of viewers. Next time that crossbow is used, they will be in no doubt as to whom it once belonged, and how it got into Tywin's room.
RIP, Ros.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 08 May 2013 - 03:11 AM.
2463	KayOfLaihr	2013-05-08	How was sexual violence "glamourized?" It was portrayed as horrible, committed by a despicable character, the actual violence was not shown, and even the final scene was only on the screen for a few seconds.What you're really objecting to is having sexual violence portrayed period, which is a ridiculous limitation to place on fiction.  What, are we supposed to pretend it doesn't exist?No, it's not OK to glamorise sexual violence. Thankfully, the sexual violence wasn't glamorised, so no issues there.Exactly. Hiding from an issue does not make it any less extant.Well, to quote the actress herself.  "I've seen stills and it looks absolutely beautiful, like a painting" http://www.hbo.com/g...sme-bianco.htmlIt was made to look beautiful. That's what i call glamourisation. In fact, she was beaten and shot multiple times, she probably cried and begged for mercy or death, in a little see-through dress. It wasn't beautiful, it wasn't sexy, and it was silenced.I'm not against sexual violence being portrayed , but if a show chooses to do so, it should own up to it and show its ugly side too, not only a pretty shot of a dead girl.
2464	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Well, to quote the actress herself.  "I've seen stills and it looks absolutely beautiful, like a painting" http://www.hbo.com/g...sme-bianco.htmlIt was made to look beautiful. That's what i call glamourisation.She's beautiful, and there's not much that can be done about that.  She also said that every scene she was in looked like that, and that she was glad they didn't actually show the torture.  But otherwise, it's in the eye of the beholder.  The scene was shown quickly.  The reaction of the people with whom I was watching the show was identical -- gasps all around.   No "that was a turn-on", or "she looked so hot", or "that looked really intriguing".  Nothing of the sort.  It was shock/horror.  So what was your reaction to that scene, and why do you assume the rest of us aren't as understanding?In fact, she was beaten and shot multiple times, she probably cried and begged for mercy or death, in a little see-through dress. If they had shown the scene as you describe it, I'd agree.  But you're forced to say "probably" precisely because they did not show that.  We didn't see her cry, or beg for mercy, as her heaving bosom strained at the thin material....You're essentially treating this as if they'd actually shown the slow killing itself, which would have been horrible.  But they didn't.The books presented Joffrey as a sexual sadist, which is part of the reason that everyone (including the guy who wrote him that way) was happy to see him die.  And that's the kind of thing sexual sadists do.  Thankfully, they did not go for cheap thrills and actually show her being tortured (as do so many other shows), but just the sad result.It wasn't beautiful, it wasn't sexy, and it was silenced. I'm not against sexual violence being portrayed , but if a show chooses to do so, it should own up to it and show its ugly side too, not only a pretty shot of a dead girl.You're contradicting yourself.  On the one hand, you say "it wasn't beautiful, it wasn't sexy".  On the other hand, you accuse them of showing only a pretty shot of a dead girl.  I think what's really going on is that you're essentially placing yourself above other viewers, as if they all are getting some gratuitious thrill from the scene, but you're not.  Isn't that rather presumptuous on your part?  If you recognized that it wasn't beautiful or sexy, but instead showed something horrible, then why do you assume the rest of us saw it any differently?As to "owning up and show its ugly side"...I really have no idea what you're talking about.  They showed a poor dead woman pierced and bloodied from quarrels shot by a sadist.  That is the ugly side.  Would you have preferred them to drag it out and show extended, gratuitous shots of her in a see-through outfit?  That would be pandering to the sicko crowd.  Instead, the almost universal reaciton is one of horror, and a renewed appreciation for what a truly sick individual Joffrey is.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 08:27 AM.
2465	Roberta Dyer	2013-05-08	I was just starting to get interested in her once she became a spy for Varys but I do see how her death could lead to future events and clarity to actions taken by others.  First Tyrion is still concerned for his own safety with Joff but was told by Cersie that he need not fear now that Dad was there.  This could be a message to Tyrion that he hasn't been forgotten and isn't as safe after all.  Did he know of Grandpa's plans for Tyrion's marriage, making Ros was the toy to be disgarded now?  After all, as far as anyone knows at this point, Ros was Tyrions misstress, not Shea.
Littlefinger, in using Ros for Joff's sport is of corse sending a message to Varys that he isn't as smart as he thinks he is and in a way, not safe.  Wonder if Littlefinger knows about the man in the box, if he did he might think twice about that.
Certainly when the Tyrells hear of this, their feelings of having control of Joff might change.  Enough to kill him now, after the wedding or later still?  Or are they really the ones who do kill Joff, or someone else?
2466	Dove	2013-05-08	@KayOfLaihrI understand where you're coming from because my knee-jerk reaction at the way her corpse was posed and other factors was to say it was gratuitous and unnecessary too, but I don't know. I think that's the point. Poor Ros was treated as nothing more than an object by everyone around her, and I think the scene emphasized that, if that makes any sense. She died a painful, pointless, brutal death, and it didn't seem glamorized or sexualized for the purpose of titillation to me - it was horrifying and an absolute gut-punch. The pan to her dead, vacant stare and hanging body was so much more effective than a drawn-out scene of her murder would have been, and less exploitative as well.Not that I'm trying to put your arguments down or anything, because I made a post a few days ago asking peoples' opinions about what they thought of the reveal and why they felt it was exploitative and such. Just sharing my own thoughts as well.Seeing peoples' responses online talking about how hot or was or whatever is definitely really disappointing and skeevy, but I feel like they're more or less missing the point and are probably the types to stare at everything through perv-goggles anyway. I won't let that affect my perception of the moment itself.edit: aaa just noticed all the wonky grammar hours later haha
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 08 May 2013 - 11:56 AM.
2467	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	I suspect any way the death was staged would have caused people to complain...if it was shown on screen, the complaints would be of torture porn and titilation, if her body was shown as a bloody mangled mess people would complain about that as well.
2468	KayOfLaihr	2013-05-08	You're either misunderdanding everything i'm saying or pretending to.While i'm argumenting about the show, you try and analyze me. Don't, as you obviously don't get my point. Thanks.
2469	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	You're either misunderdanding everything i'm saying or pretending to.While i'm argumenting about the show, you try and analyze me. Don't, as you obviously don't get my point. Thanks.No, I understand your point precisely.  You claim that it was portrayed as glamourized sexual violence, yet you personally did not see it as beautiful or sexy.  So unless you're somehow an atypical viewer, then the fact that you didn't get some gratuituos thrill from it suggests that viewers in general didn't either, in which case, there's no basis for saying it was portrayed that way.  It was instead portrayed as something viewers in general did not find to be sexy or tittilating.In other words, how do you know the shock, horror, revulsion that you and other people felt was not exactly what the writers/director intended?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 11:09 AM.
2470	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-08	To anyone saying that her death scene was over sexualised, let me ask you, are you suggesting that either Benioff, Weiss or Sakharov did this deliberately?
2471	Versiroth	2013-05-08	I never minded her or the eye candy she provided.  It was pretty obvious that she was a plot device to give insight into what was going on with some of the characters (Theon, Varys, Littlefinger) and I honestly never understood the hate.   Heck, I still don't understand the apparent hate of the nudity involved in this series either.    GRRM was never afraid to describe nudity or sex scenes in the books and I appreciate that D & D are staying true to that.
2472	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-08	Imagine all the previous Ros hate goes away by her horrific dead.
2473	Son of Gendry	2013-05-08	I thought it was a very effective death in that it was unexpected and shocking, and very sad.Countdown to someone who comes in here and says "I appreciate that Ros is dead, nyuck nyuck"I thought it was well done. Joffrey was starting to come across as soft. He rebounded to his true nature.Ros was a great "series-character."
2474	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-08	I never minded her or the eye candy she provided.  It was pretty obvious that she was a plot device to give insight into what was going on with some of the characters (Theon, Varys, Littlefinger) and I honestly never understood the hate.   Heck, I still don't understand the apparent hate of the nudity involved in this series either.	GRRM was never afraid to describe nudity or sex scenes in the books and I appreciate that D & D are staying true to that.To be fair, the criticism of the nudity is the fact that it is so unequal.
2475	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Heck, I still don't understand the apparent hate of the nudity involved in this series either.	GRRM was never afraid to describe nudity or sex scenes in the books and I appreciate that D & D are staying true to that.I think books are more personal things than are TV shows.  I'd gather some folks probably weren't fans of book sex either, but that's easy to skip as a reader.  It's not so easy to skip nudity or sex scenes on tv, particularly when you're watching the show as it airs.  I've watched the show with my wife, and she really likes the story, but then "stick it up her ass" pops up, along with lots of nudity, and she's like "this isn't drama, this is soft-core porn".  And a fair bit of it seems completely gratuitous, as if they're trying to hit the HBO nudity/sex quota or something, because it isn't shown or described in the books.  So why is it there, other than for, I suppose, some level of titillation?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 12:03 PM.
2476	Jerritus	2013-05-08	Was very Martinesque way to deal with a "waste" character.
I never had as many issues as most people here seem to have with Ros, I felt very neutral of her. But the way she got outed, awesome.
No one saw it coming, that's the way deaths are supposed to come in series like this, it keeps the viewers on their toes. Anything can happen.
2477	KayOfLaihr	2013-05-08	@chareth cutestorythanks for your comment. That scene was particularly triggering for me as I'm only too familiar with the topics of domestic violence/violence towards sex workers and the fact that the victims quite often get silenced. That's the reason why I looked at it and payed attention to the details. The brievety of the shot forced me to imagine the missing scenes. And when you get down to it, a former prostitute was sold (or more likely given) to a sexually frustrated sadistic teenager so he could lash out at her, in a luxurious bedroom with dimmed light while wearing a very revealing dress. And it looks like he shot her in the crotch twice. If you make abstraction of the fact that you're actually looking at a dead woman, I maintain that the show made the shot look prettier than it should've been (Sansa getting her period needed more fake blood than Ros' torture). They didn't do that for anyone else that I can think of... Viserys, Ned Stark, Renly, none of their death was made pretty.
2478	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	They spent two seasons to build her up, even start to make her interesting and then this?Come on, not only killing her it also appears pretty useless. Kill her offscreen by Joffrey, and then such a horrible death. It's not only sad but also a mockery to all viewers to dispose her like thatActually, that's very GRRMish of them to do that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2479	Dove	2013-05-08	@chareth cutestorythanks for your comment. That scene was particularly triggering for me as I'm only too familiar with the topics of domestic violence/violence towards sex workers and the fact that the victims quite often get silenced. That's the reason why I looked at it and payed attention to the details. The brievety of the shot forced me to imagine the missing scenes.Totally understand and see where you're coming from. It's refreshing that you're able to post about the matter so calmly even though you have a very genuine and personal reason for being upset by the scene - around here there's often a lot of grand, sweeping proclamations made and personal attacks leveled against the showrunners for even slightly disagreeable content, and unfortunately it tends to weaken even perfectly valid points in the eyes of other posters when people resort to negativity and melodrama like that.There's definitely no denying that they succeeded in creating one of the most genuinely, powerfully upsetting moments of the show yet, if not the most upsetting, at least for a lot of us anyway - not only for what we saw, but what we didn't see. I was very impressed that they managed to evoke such a strong emotional response in what essentially amounts to a 3-5 second shot.Reading over your post and looking at a screencap of her, I do see your point - even brutalized and with crossbow quarrels sticking out of her, she's still relatively unblemished and in what you could call a "sexy" pose. I suppose the main question, then, is whether it's for the purposes of cheap titillation or if it's a valid artistic direction - by making her beautiful even after death, they're further emphasizing her role as an "object" for others up to that point and contributing to the horror of the scene.(sorry if this is an annoying derail y'all!! i can make another thread or something if needed. i'm probably way over-analyzing this but IDK, it's interesting to me)
2480	Walder Waters	2013-05-08	She deserved better /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
I would have liked her to accompany the story until the end of ASOIAF...
2481	Versiroth	2013-05-08	To be fair, the criticism of the nudity is the fact that it is so unequal.Maybe so, but it's not like they haven't had everything.  They've show men, full frontal and also homosexual gay scenes from both women and men.I think books are more personal things than are TV shows.  I'd gather some folks probably weren't fans of book sex either, but that's easy to skip as a reader.  It's not so easy to skip nudity or sex scenes on tv, particularly when you're watching the show as it airs.  I've watched the show with my wife, and she really likes the story, but then "stick it up her ass" pops up, along with lots of nudity, and she's like "this isn't drama, this is soft-core porn".  And a fair bit of it seems completely gratuitous, as if they're trying to hit the HBO nudity/sex quota or something, because it isn't shown or described in the books.  So why is it there, other than for, I suppose, some level of titillation?The point is, they aren't adding sex into the story as much as the story calls for sex.   And it's not gratuitous at all.  Most of the sex scenes are over within seconds, unless you count scenes like when Little finger is giving his speech in the brothel.  Have you ever seen the stars show Sparticus?  Go watch that if you want to see a well written TV drama that boarders on softcore skin-amax porn at times, haha.In a world were whoring is widely excepted, you're going to have some sex.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 08 May 2013 - 02:30 PM.
2482	Grail King	2013-05-08	I did not expect that ending for Ros, it shocked me; I was expecting her dying getting Sansa in the boat with LF but I then realized that she let Varys know so she had to die before that.
I also felt the actress really did do a good job with the part.
I felt really sad looking at her corpse in that scene, can't wait for the PW.
2483	WeStillKnowNothingJonSnow	2013-05-08	i saw her death coming but not at this time or in this manner. i thought she would be the ser dontos equivalent with his role with helping sansa escaping and a confidant for LF in terms of intel, eventually dying in the same instance as the book, that is helping Sansa escape by boat. I guess not. This was alot less interesting, only reinforcing Joff's role which we already know for sure.
2484	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-08	i saw her death coming but not at this time or in this manner. i thought she would be the ser dontos equivalent with his role with helping sansa escaping and a confidant for LF in terms of intel, eventually dying in the same instance as the book, that is helping Sansa escape by boat. I guess not. This was alot less interesting, only reinforcing Joff's role which we already know for sure.Except since everyone knows Ros works with LF her helping Sansa escape would be pretty obvious and much less interesting. A lot of people were starting to wonder if Joffrey is really being tamed by Tywin/Marg and Gleeson's portrayal shows that he was attempting to be more valiant and was more manageable overall. But then they shoot that short clip that just reminds everyone - nope, there is no taming this kid.Just because you read the books and know more than the average person would know coming into this episode, it doesn't mean it's bad TV or unnecessary.
2485	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	EsmA Bianco was the most underrated and most under-appreciated actress on the show imo. I will miss seeing at least one common person on the show, we need a reminder that common people get caught up in this as well dammit. Her death was fitting in that it grasps one of the main ideas of ASOIAF though: If you get involved with people more powerful than you are, no matter on which level, you're going to get screwed over. That said, it was totally unexpected to me, well, I knew she was getting in trouble, but (!) I thought 'Littlefinger's friend' was
	Spoiler Lyn Corbray and she was perhaps going to return later at the Eyrie in his captivity to show Lyn is a messed up dude.
 instead of it being Joffrey.
2486	teemo	2013-05-08	I would have never even complained about Ros if I knew what was coming with Talisa and Shae...well, yeah, I probably would have, but she is nowhere near as bad of a character, and I actually think Esme Bianco is a better actress than those two.  At least Ros didn't have a character to "assassinate."  I know these aren't really compliments and I won't pretend like I suddenly like her now that she's dead or that I wish she was still on the show (I don't), but there are now way worse problems on the show than Ros.   There have been for awhile.  I was kind of shocked that she died because I thought D&D were in love with her and were going to keep her on the show forever, but at the same time not so much, considering that they've explicitly said Dontos is coming back.  I'm not sure how I feel about the way she was killed.  I think it's odd that the actress finds it "beautiful."  I thought it was horrific, not beautiful.  However, I don't think the writers were being sexist in this scene (except MAYBE for the way she was posed - I don't know, I'm still debating how I feel about that), but simply trying to kill a lot of birds with one stone.  And they did.  I'm not justifying the way they write or "approving" the way they're doing everything, but I think they saw it like this: #1 - show the audience that LF isn't someone you fuck with and that he doesn't make idle threats.  He mentioned the bad investment thing to her last season.  #2 - once again emphasize the brutality of Joffrey and also follow up on that conversation him and Marge had about killing something. #3 - make the audience question whether or not Marg knows about this/how she'll feel about/does this mean she can't really manipulate him? #4 - one less actor to pay #5 - there's not enough room in the show anymore for Jon Snow and Dany, let alone Ros. And probably the least significant but possibly the fact that she's been one of the most despised and criticized characters of book fans since season 1.  I don't think it's very significant though or else she would have been dead ages ago.  Still, she was kind of a lazy plot device.  I think they were in a way even trying to avoid coming off as promoting sexualized violence by not showing how she died and leaving her clothed.  It hasn't been received very well, but I don't think their intentions were bad (and I'm definitely not some huge D&D fan).  Just imagine the kind of a rage that would be going on if they showed Joff torture and/or rape then kill her!I wish Esme Bianco could have gotten a different part.  I think she really has that "look" for the ASOIAF world.  Too bad all she could get was this crummy role even though she's a better actress than quite a few others on the show.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 08 May 2013 - 07:26 PM.
2487	aWildlingontheIronThrone	2013-05-08	Gosh darn it, I liked Ros! She was that 'hooker with a heart of gold' that hoped for something greater. In spite of myself, I felt kind of optimistic when she hooked up with Varys. ( /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' /> How silly was I?!) Seeing her ultimate fate made my stomach turn. Joffrey must be punished, that sadistic, psycho twerp! Littlefinger too, just for being "Littlefinger".
2488	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	I liked Ros, but I thought the death was fitting. I knew once she said something to Varys her days were numbered, Varys has feelings, I think, and therefore has limits. Littlefinger is a sociopath, a clever monster masquerading as a person. Doesn't surprise me that he did this.
2489	The Killer Snark	2013-05-09	I actually liked Ros and thought they'd made a decent stab at a non-canon character. The manner of her death I have some issue with, but not for the reasons brought up elsewhere. It seems that the current writers didn't know what to do with her, so they just got rid of the character in the most throwaway manner possible, and it seems a bit of a cop-out despite it being logically consistent with the series, because the framing of her death was botched. If not off-scene, IMO, it would have been better. It failed in me to generate any reaction whatsoever, besides thinking, "The people who came up with her will be annoyed at that one", so to my mind they could have done a better job.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 09 May 2013 - 01:53 AM.
2490	Dove	2013-05-09	I don't know if it'll happen immediately since Joffrey was alone in the room, but I think Ros' murder will ultimately get to Margaery and Olenna - probably through Littlefinger himself, since he orcestrated the situation in the first place.In a way, that could be the point of Ros' death; not to demonstrate that Joffrey's a psycho and all-around horrible person because we knew that already (though it does work as a reminder after his mild behavior this season), but to re-instate Littlefinger as a credible schemer. He's been a clown and a joke going on almost two seasons now, so having him be behind this isn't a bad idea.edit: I'm not really seeing how they could have actually showed us Ros' murder and have it not be absolutely horrible since we know all we need to know about her death from that one shot - she died painfully, slowly, and she was tied up so she had nochance whatsoever of escape. If her death had involved a drawn-out Joffrey torture scene it would have been gross and cheap in all the wrong ways.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 09 May 2013 - 02:10 AM.
2491	Honey Badger	2013-05-09	I feel they miscast Shae.  Terrible acting.  I don't care if it's her english, her accent, whatever.  It would have been nice if Esme Bianco could have been Shae, even if her hair and ethnicity may not have matched with book Shae.  Kissed by fire, mmmm.
Ros I was okay with but her rise to power was silly.  Was glad when they decided to whack her, and I don't blame Esme.  She did well with the role given, it's just the story arc and writing were pretty bad for her.  I'll miss that beautiful body, in any case.
2492	HailStannis	2013-05-09	Can someone remind how and when Joffrey was displayed as a sexual sadist in the books? I'm not disputing it I just genuinely don't recall it.
2493	The Pain Yak	2013-05-09	Can someone remind how and when Joffrey was displayed as a sexual sadist in the books? I'm not disputing it I just genuinely don't recall it.Furthest it ever got, so far as I can recall, was Joffrey ordering his Kingsguard to tear off Sansa's dress so he could get a look at her breasts while they were beating her. I think they realized they have a character people really love to hate in Joffrey and just decided to take his detestable qualities from the book and add a bunch of new ones, as well. Including bearing the weight of Cersei's sins for such things as ordering Tyrion assassinated and killing Robert's bastards.
2494	HailStannis	2013-05-09	Furthest it ever got, so far as I can recall, was Joffrey ordering his Kingsguard to tear off Sansa's dress so he could get a look at her breasts while they were beating her. I think they realized they have a character people really love to hate in Joffrey and just decided to take his detestable qualities from the book and add a bunch of new ones, as well. Including bearing the weight of Cersei's sins for such things as ordering Tyrion assassinated and killing Robert's bastards. Oh yes I forgot about that, thankyou!
2495	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	I think they were in a way even trying to avoid coming off as promoting sexualized violence by not showing how she died and leaving her clothed.  It hasn't been received very well, but I don't think their intentions were bad (and I'm definitely not some huge D&D fan).  Just imagine the kind of a rage that would be going on if they showed Joff torture and/or rape then kill her!That's how I saw it as well.  There was an artistic effort to make the scene dramatic visually, because that's what you do in dramas, but it seems rather clear to me that the image they were painting was one of dramatic horror.  That's completely different from trying to glamourize sexual violence to make it somehow attractive or excusable, or to diminish the tragedy.  It was horrible.I wish Esme Bianco could have gotten a different part.  I think she really has that "look" for the ASOIAF world.  Too bad all she could get was this crummy role even though she's a better actress than quite a few others on the show.Agreed.
2496	Woman of War	2013-05-09	I have always liked the character of Ros, not only because of EsmA Bianco but as well because a strong commoner selfmade woman was really missing in the story, someone who is not from nobility, who is not part of the game. A woman who had nothing to begin with and who has to get a position in life  only by her own efforts and not by being born a princess who might get into distress. A character with a different perspective and competent. So I liked the idea that Ros can read, she probably had not been taught by a septa but learned through her own initiative. And all her emotional intelligence came from listening and learning and not from some septa preaching good manners.
Yes, a character like that should have been in the books, she was a wonderful TV addition and it is a shame she is gone though she had to go at some point of the story, only I thought it would be a little later.
EsmA bianco is a good and subtle actress, apart from being a very beautiful woman.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 09 May 2013 - 10:20 AM.
2497	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-05-09	Ros' existence was completely contrary to the letter of the source material.  However, she -- and especially her demise -- is very much consistent with the spirit of the source material.So many fans whining about Ros showing up everywhere, mocking her curious ubiquity, "oh here's the redheaded whore who shows up in every episode for three seconds again" and so on.  People thought she was pointless, wanted her to go away.So the producers "give us what we want" in such a way that we're unsettled and don't want it anymore.Very GRRM.  I have no doubt he approves.  "Oh, so you hate this character do you? /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' /> Want to see them suffer? /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' /> /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />"Me, I took Ros for granted.  On some level I enjoyed playing "Where's Waldo" while watching Game Of Thrones, wondering when and where and how Ros would once again manage to show up this week.  Without really realizing it.  So here I am, not only surprised that Ros has been killed off, but surprised at how much I already miss her.But it does, at least, serve as a jarring reminder that Joffrey AND Littlefinger -- neither of whom have shown it as much this season -- are monstrous villains who you should be rooting against.Pouring One Out for Ros the Quantum Leaping Whore.  I'll try to remember to keep an eye out for Ms. Bianco in other projects in the future (the same promise I've made to myself with so many other actors this show has introduced me to), she did a good job which I'm only now beginning to appreciate.
					
					
							Edited by Sweet-N-SourRobin, 09 May 2013 - 10:24 AM.
2498	Sasha Steelsong	2013-05-09	I really liked her.  I liked the view she gave us into the non-noble side of KL and like others have said, for the most part she was a good person.  Like others have noted as a book reader I did like that she was someone whose story was a total surprise.  I never thought she'd meet with a good end but I didn't expect it to be this soon - though I did think last week that having a meeting with Varys in his office seemed a little obvious - either way, yes her death was very sad and shocking (as was the intent of D&D).  That said I was worried they were doing too much to soften Joffrey by showing him be sort of ok with Margaery, so it is safe to say that concern is dispelled.
					
					
							Edited by Sasha Steelsong, 09 May 2013 - 11:04 AM.
2499	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Whatever the merits of introducing her as a character, her end was a wonderfully dramatic shock of the type the series has lacked for book readers.  We've had lots of "damn, that was awesome", and "damn, that was even better than I imagined it", but no "holy crap, I never saw that coming" jaw-droppers in that "I can't believe they just cut of Ned's head" sense.
2500	Sasha Steelsong	2013-05-09	Can someone remind how and when Joffrey was displayed as a sexual sadist in the books? I'm not disputing it I just genuinely don't recall it.Joffrey was about 3 years younger in the books so I'm with you in that I don't recall a sexual aspect to his sadism, the only thing that comes close that I can think of is the beating/stripping of Sansa, but other than that most of his sadism lacked a sexual element, i.e. he was just happy to hurt people where as on the show it was definitely a more sexualized setting.  That is not to say that if Joffrey had reached 15-16 in the books he wouldn't have been a sexual sadist but I think he's just starting to really get to the whole "I like girls" part of adolecence when he dies.
					
					
							Edited by Sasha Steelsong, 09 May 2013 - 11:05 AM.
2501	Areo Speedwagon	2013-05-09	She was a commoner who wanted to rise above her birth.  The fact that she met her end in an episode titled "The Climb" was quite poetic.
It seems the high born have The Game and the low born have The Climb.  Each is deadly, and I think the show did a great job of showing how disposable - and I use that term precisely - the Climbers are.  No wars will start for them, no song will be sung.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 09 May 2013 - 02:34 PM.
2502	Tommen	2013-05-10	I thought it was cleverly done that they, from what I remember, had Ros hit by the crossbow bolts in the same places as Arya places her arrows earlier in the show!? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I loved the addition of Ros by the show.  Really great character.  It's funny that naysayers often hold up Ros as an example of the show's misogyny, but I really think she proves the opposite.  A smart woman with a kind heart, she uses her wit to protect herself and others (even Sansa indirectly).  It's so sad to see her go like that but that's Game Of Thrones and I applaud its treatment of her character.
2503	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I loved the addition of Ros by the show.  Really great character.  It's funny that naysayers often hold up Ros as an example of the show's misogyny, but I really think she proves the opposite.  A smart woman with a kind heart, she uses her wit to protect herself and others (even Sansa indirectly).  Seriously??  You'd think that having one of the whores actually being a living, breathing, speaking human being with her own hopes would be better than just having them as faceless window-dressing.  And what happened to Ros just emphasized how horribly they can be treated.
2504	protar	2013-05-10	I did come to like Ros quite a lot more during season 2. It was at that point were she actually started to have plot relevant scenes (helping to frame the blood purge in episode 1, being caught by Cersei) and Talisa and Shae where wreaking havoc at that point which made her a lot more likeable. I kind of wish they'd kept her on a while longer rather than reintroduce Dontos, who I fear many viewers will have trouble remembering. 
And of course hats of to Esme Bianco for making the most of her material. I think of all the actors she had the hardest deal, with no source material to guide her, less than stellar writing where she was nothing but sex appeal for the whole first season. Yet somehow Esme actually managed to bring some charm and charisma to the role. Tyrion's plot line would have been so much better if she'd been cast as Shae.
2505	Gran de Lys	2013-05-10	as a reader her death was the first time I have really been shocked by the TV show. I think it was a good way to keep people on their feet, specially with the way some things have been different from the book. maybe characters who live in the book but don't do anything will now be fair game?This. Bookreaders are mostly in a state of waiting--waiting to see how the show will depict this or that scene or reveal of information, or new character. (O/T: Has Penny been cast?) So depicting something as shocking to us as, well, everything, is to the Unsullied keeps us from getting jaded and always whining about how it wasn't how I picture it, dammit!!I don't think Ros' existence was useless. I think of arc, back in Winterfell getting banged in the GoT position (won't someone please publish the GoT Kama Sutra with only one page?), then taking off for King's Landing literally on a turnip truck, full of whory dreams. She's every barefoot beauty from Fleaspeck, North Dakota who goes to Hollywood to "make it." She rises, completely cognizant of her change in rank--that "Sister, please" look she gives Shae when Shae is all, "I don't know what profession you mean" is priceless--and then is ground under by the wheels of a machine too vast, strong and evil for her to understand. I even liked her in the sexposition 'cause I'm not made of stone, and, y'know, dat azz.My real problem with whores is freaking Sahe--hate her look, hate her voice, hate her character, and superhate how the show made her interesting at the start, when Tyrion kept failing at the guessing game, feeding her the usual how-you-became-a-ho stuff he's heard 100 times, and she was like, "Noperdoodles! Wrong again." And then ... nothing. Is she some highborn creature? Does she have an advanced degree? Is she proprietor of Westeros' most exotic and entertaining flea circus in her spare time? Bah, nm.RIP, Ros. I hope you left me all your hair-care products in your will.
2506	yushkevsh	2013-05-10	Characters like Ros and Shae were important to give the reader/viewer a sense of how the other half lived - those that aren't named Stark, Baratheon or Lannister. In a very different way it reminds me of the HBO series Rome where we saw the great capital in a completely different way than every movie or series before -  from the commoner's p.o.v.
In the series we get only a glimpse into the world of Shae (her days as a prostitute essentially end when she meets Tyrion) but Ros we get a better picture of and she is certainly a tragic figure. On one hand, she's LF's prized employee who has "served" powerful men and risen to be the defacto leader among the other women in his brothel. On the other hand she suffers greatly, both from what we know in the series (both scenes with Joffrey and the beating for mistakenly being identified as Tyrion's lover) and we can assume by what's not told (she's a prostitute in a violent world).
And after each scene, where thankfully more happens off-camera than on, she's still there, smiling, being a good hostess and doing her duty.
In the end unfortunately, for all her beauty, talents and the wealth that she brought LF, she never rose above the status of being a disposable asset. This point being made most clear in LF's talk with her in the brothel in which he first consoles her then warns her in an extremely cruel way what will happen to her if she can no longer bring value to him.
					
					
							Edited by yushkevsh, 10 May 2013 - 01:35 PM.
2507	Roose Seal	2013-05-10	I didn't care much for Ros initially, but they disposed of her just when she was becoming a mildly interesting character.
2508	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-11	I even liked her in the sexposition 'cause I'm not made of stone, and, y'know, dat azz.I know, right?!?I'm always surprised when some on these forums act like it's shallow or unworthy to enjoy the sex scenes. I've even heard the word "perverted" used. Enjoying the sight of a beautiful naked body is probably one of the least perverted impulses one can have.Esme is a LOT of fun to look at nude, and wound up giving a very good performance in her clothed scenes, as well.
2509	Volantis	2013-05-12	i'm happy they finally got rid of that annoying character
2510	Mrs.Grumpy	2013-05-12	To be honest. I never liked her and glad that she is dead. She has too much screentime.
2511	sarah.jenice	2013-05-12	I have never felt so bad watching this show as when Ros met her end. I didn't like her addition to the show and I felt like I killed her. 
She deserved better. RIP Ros!
2512	Mulled Wino	2013-05-12	Too bad Joff didnt pop one of those saline boobies that were so popular at court back in those days.
2513	Mulled Wino	2013-05-12	Characters like Ros and Shae were important to give the reader/viewer a sense of how the other half lived - those that aren't named Stark, Baratheon or Lannister. In a very different way it reminds me of the HBO series Rome where we saw the great capital in a completely different way than every movie or series before -  from the commoner's p.o.v.In the series we get only a glimpse into the world of Shae (her days as a prostitute essentially end when she meets Tyrion) but Ros we get a better picture of and she is certainly a tragic figure. On one hand, she's LF's prized employee who has "served" powerful men and risen to be the defacto leader among the other women in his brothel. On the other hand she suffers greatly, both from what we know in the series (both scenes with Joffrey and the beating for mistakenly being identified as Tyrion's lover) and we can assume by what's not told (she's a prostitute in a violent world).And after each scene, where thankfully more happens off-camera than on, she's still there, smiling, being a good hostess and doing her duty.In the end unfortunately, for all her beauty, talents and the wealth that she brought LF, she never rose above the status of being a disposable asset. This point being made most clear in LF's talk with her in the brothel in which he first consoles her then warns her in an extremely cruel way what will happen to her if she can no longer bring value to him.lmfao!!!!!!  Cant tell if serious.....
2514	First of My Name	2013-05-15	I thought I thought Ros would live longer because I was expecting her to fill up Jeyne Poole's story in ADWD (she knows Theon and Winterfell, not many people know her face, she'd fit the bill besides her age). I never disliked her though she never added that much. She certainly didn't deserve to go like this, but I thought it was delivered effectively.
2515	rondo has three heads	2013-05-19	OK so I read a decent amount of these posts but there's one thing I don't quite understand..
Why did Joff kill her? Now obviously 1) he's a violent socio and 2) there was that scene where he made Ros..do things
Did LF tell Joff that Ros was trying to help Sansa escape? And then Joff strung her up on his bed posts and shot her full of arrows?
I liked Ros but the death was effective and disturbing. I'm just a little confused why Joff was a part of it. Seemed like it was Little Finger's bone to pick and he could have disposed of her on his own, considering she was a whore with no family who worked for him.
2516	Son of Dragons	2013-05-26	I think it was a good reminder of how cruel Joffrey can be. He seemed to be really fond of that crossbow in earlier episodes lol. For me, I didn't hate Ros. She served her purpose as a manner of informing the viewer of information we get from the books but are difficult to feed to viewers of the show. But behind the scenes, it seems the only reason they killed her was because she didn't want to do any more nudity for the show, which is a stupid reason to kill her off really...
2517	Nerolunar	2013-05-29	I have not yet watched, but Im eager: How did she die? Spoil me please /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2518	adimare	2013-05-15	I've been on the fence about what to think of Jon Snow's fate after the last book. This episode made me jump to the 'Melisandre revives him' wagon. Melisandre showed a very special interest in Thoros of Myr reviving Beric Dondarrion (which doesn't happen in the book since they don't meet), which felt to me like the creators of the show laying the groundwork for a future revival of Jon Snow at the hands of Melisandre.
What do you think?
2519	ebevan91	2013-05-17	Possibly, but I think most of us were already expecting Mel to revive him.
2520	Valyrian Steel Link	2013-05-22	I was more interested in this one: After Arya confronts Melisandrae when she comes to take Gendry away from the BWB, Mel prophesizes a bit and then tells her that they will meet again. As far as I can remember, they've never met in the books and we're two and a half books ahead of where the TV show is right now. So, I found it kind of interesting and wondered whether that would mean that Arya's plot line would go far a field from her book journey.
2521	BlueDragon	2013-05-25	I don't think Jon is even dead, just wounded.
2522	thewingedwolf	2013-05-25	I was more interested in this one: After Arya confronts Melisandrae when she comes to take Gendry away from the BWB, Mel prophesizes a bit and then tells her that they will meet again. As far as I can remember, they've never met in the books and we're two and a half books ahead of where the TV show is right now. So, I found it kind of interesting and wondered whether that would mean that Arya's plot line would go far a field from her book journey.Well she may soon meet "Arya" (i.e. Jeyne Pool) perhaps this is what this refers to.
2523	Nagisa Furukawa	2013-05-06	EDMURE: The laws of gods and men are very clear: no man can compel another man to marriage.
BLACKFISH: The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth!
After the initial "ugh" at just how poor of a line that was, I suddenly realized it was coming from THE BLACKFISH! The man infamous for not letting another man (Hoster Tully) compel another man! It's about the most un-Blackfish thing he could've said, honestly.
Thinking back as to how he's been handled this season, actually, I really don't like how much of an absolute violent hothead they've made him. I was able to take him being sterner with Edmure during the funeral scene; I accepted him yelling at Edmure about how he addresses "his king," when he's addressing "his lord" in a worse fashion. But to take one of the most interesting traits about the Blackfish and to completely remove it (elsewise, wouldn't Edmure had pointed out the insane hypocrisy?) for yet another "Edmure, you suck!" moment, I'm officially pissed at how they're treating Brynden Tully.
					
					
							Edited by Nagisa Furukawa, 07 May 2013 - 05:11 AM.
2524	Khal Tommen	2013-05-07	*Edmure
But yes, I do completely agree with you. The Blackfish and Mance have been, to me anyway, a particularly big let down. (I must note Mance has never realy been a favourite for me in the novels so I cant complain too much) With that note however I must say I loved Kraznys, Ramsay, Roose, Locke and even enjoy the changes to Meere and Jojen.
2525	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	EDWIN: The laws of gods and men are very clear: no man can compel another man to marriage.BLACKFISH: The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth!After the initial "ugh" at just how poor of a line that was, I suddenly realized it was coming from THE BLACKFISH! The man infamous for not letting another man (Hoster Tully) compel another man! It's about the most un-Blackfish thing he could've said, honestly.Thinking back as to how he's been handled this season, actually, I really don't like how much of an absolute violent hothead they've made him. I was able to take him being sterner with Edwin during the funeral scene; I accepted him yelling at Edwin about how he addresses "his king," when he's addressing "his lord" in a worse fashion. But to take one of the most interesting traits about the Blackfish and to completely remove it (elsewise, wouldn't Edwin had pointed out the insane hypocrisy?) for yet another "Edwin, you suck!" moment, I'm officially pissed at how they're treating Brynden Tully.Who's Edwin?
2526	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-07	Agreed that it's a different Blackfish but somehow it makes me like Edmure more than I did in the books though.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Commander Tollett, 07 May 2013 - 02:22 AM.
2527	Demandred	2013-05-07	I think they really missed a big opportunity by not introducing him earlier. It's a shame too because it would have given Robb an able supporter and would have given them more time to spend on the Blackfish's character.
2528	Sniraga	2013-05-07	Yes, Edmure is definitely getting a lot of sympathy points, even though I feel he's not as sympathetic as his book counterpart either. I disliked the show Blackfish from the very first moment he appeared, but since he was quite nice in the scene with Catelyn, I hoped that his behaviour at the funeral was just one blunder from the writers.... I really should have known better (IIRC Catelyn had the same treatment).
The actor seems all right though, it's a shame his character has been turned into an unsympathetic roughneck.
2529	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-07	It seems it's a bit of a coin flip with new characters.  Hope they do well by the Red Viper.. the only good new character left.
2530	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-07	Ran put it best when he describes Brynden as "thuggish" in the review, which is apparently due to the writers merging him with the Greatjon. I still think he was unfair to Edmure in the novels, but it was never close to this bad. Threatening to punch the Lord of Riverrun in his own castle??? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 07 May 2013 - 02:50 AM.
2531	HouseLark	2013-05-07	The folks at A Podcast of Ice and Fire are calling him Thugfish which is brilliant. I'm not overly bothered by his portrayal but I would have liked more scenes between him and Catelyn to show that his disdain is reserved for Edmure rather than being his general demeanour.
2532	David Selig	2013-05-07	Not only is the Blackfish a jerk, he's also an idiot so far. You got to wonder why Edmure doesn't just arrest him or punish him in some other way. He's the Lord after all, it's beyond dumb of the Blackfish to treat him that way. And in the show he's not Robb's right hand in military matters, so this doesn't protect him...
2533	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-07	And in the show he's not Robb's right hand in military matters, so this doesn't protect him...Well it seems like he may have taken over that role now that Roose and Robb are separated
2534	lannistergold	2013-05-07	I thought that his hectoring Edmure the last time we saw them was a good scene. This was lame. They went over the top trying to show us what a tough old guy he is, and gave him a line you'd expect to hear from a schoolyard bully.
2535	Dr. Pepper	2013-05-07	After the initial "ugh" at just how poor of a line that was, I suddenly realized it was coming from THE BLACKFISH! The man infamous for not letting another man (Hoster Tully) compel another man! It's about the most un-Blackfish thing he could've said, honestly.I don't have my books with me, but doesn't he do pretty much the same thing in the books (apart from the fist in teeth comment)?  I don't have my books with me, but if I recall correctly, he 'compels' Edmure by saying something about how he needed to make amends for allowing the Lannisters to pass through to King's Landing. ShowFish is a bit more hardened than BookFish, maybe.  I can agree with that.
2536	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-05-07	I so wish Edmure had pointed out that he was being asked to make amends for Robb's screw-up.
2537	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	I'm disliking TV Robb more and more with each episode.
Robb ticked Edmure off for his error yet it was he (Robb) who screwed up in the first place by sticking his dick in a woman from Volantis and offended Walder Frey.
Blackfish is meant to be a bad ass but I dont like his treatment of his Lord Edmure.
Robb, Cat and Blackfish are treating Edmure like a naughty schoolboy!
Riverrun looks beautiful - Winterfell is a shithole in comparison.
2538	The Drunkard	2013-05-07	Should've just kept the Greatjon.
What ever happened to that guy anyway?
2539	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	Should've just kept the Greatjon.What ever happened to that guy anyway?They couldnt get the actor back
2540	Kaitscralt	2013-05-07	Blackfish is awesome.
2541	boojam	2013-05-07	I think it odd that they hired such fine actors as Ciaran Hinds and Clive Russell , then give them so little screen time.
Mance has had zero development.
The Blackfish , well..., they seem to have given him no dimension, another strained underdevelopment by Dave and Dan.
Like D&D concentrate on a certain parts of the narrative and don't have time for the rest.
2542	The Pain Yak	2013-05-07	I'm disliking TV Robb more and more with each episode.Robb ticked Edmure off for his error yet it was he (Robb) who screwed up in the first place by sticking his dick in a woman from Volantis and offended Walder Frey.Blackfish is meant to be a bad ass but I dont like his treatment of his Lord Edmure.Robb, Cat and Blackfish are treating Edmure like a naughty schoolboy!Riverrun looks beautiful - Winterfell is a shithole in comparison.I'm pretty sure in the book Robb even says something to the effect of 'I won't compel you, not in a matter like this' before he talks about how their cause is lost if they don't reforge the Frey alliance. He recognizes how massively hypocritical it is that he is demanding his uncle marry some random Frey girl even though Robb himself wasn't willing to do it.And yet Book Robb even had a semi-honorable reason for backing out of that marriage (dishonoring a girl) rather than Show Robb's overt appeal to having fallen in love with a random chick from Volantis. I agree, I genuinely wanted to slap the shit out of everyone in that room who wasn't Edmure. Both Blackfish and Robb are berating Edmure on such flimsy grounds that the scene should have ended with him losing his temper and throwing that fact in their faces.
2543	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-07	I so wish Edmure had pointed out that he was being asked to make amends for Robb's screw-up.He did.
2544	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	Book Robb and co= lost cause.
2545	The Drunkard	2013-05-07	They couldnt get the actor backReally? Damn, he did surly tough guy well.
					
					
							Edited by The Drunkard, 07 May 2013 - 07:30 AM.
2546	dttljs123	2013-05-07	Agreed that it's a different Blackfish but somehow it makes me like Edmure more than I did in the books though.This. In the books I saw Edmure as a little older, getting somewhat round but I think I misjudged him. He isn't the brightest fellow, but he tries worth a damn.
2547	Syphon the Sanitator	2013-05-07	I so wish Edmure had pointed out that he was being asked to make amends for Robb's screw-up.Edmure has to make amends for screwing up the battle plans Robb made.
2548	paddington	2013-05-07	Really? Damn, he did surly tough guy well.Off-topicHe got part of his ear bitten off during a fight in Newcastle.
2549	InF3sTed	2013-05-07	Off-topicHe got part of his ear bitten off during a fight in Newcastle.Say what? How did that happen?On Topic:It does seem like the Blackfish is filling in for the greatjon this season.I can understand them not wanting to introduce him in the Vale since nobody would remember him but I really wish they hadn't held off on Riverrun for so long. There just wasn't enough time to develop both the Blackfish and Edmure. I don't believe either of them are mentioned in the show till this season.
2550	madman2711	2013-05-07	come on the book tullys are a bit screwd up
cat is the most stupid and she botched everything she tried
in fact she probably started the whole war by herself when she arrested Tyrion based on some information given by LF
should i continue with her sister Lysa?
now Holster was a bit prudent but not over the top
poor edmure is probably as stupid and insecure as any other Tully i know
and his mistake is not major in my opinion as Robb and his host try to make it look he wasnt informed of their plans but he screwd them up 
if he was a real man he should have send them away with a boot up their ... but no Cat is not blamed for sending away their most prized hostage and Robb for screwing around and marrying some girl met on the battlefield and by this losing suport of the Freys and the Karstarks
no the fact that edmuse who was kept blind from a very contrived and elusive plan made by the masters of warplaning like ROBB and the Blackfish (in the books Blackfish is with Robb not like in the show in Riverrun waiting for his brother to die, so if he knew the plan he could share it with Edmure)
in fact the Blackfish states in the book he cant be the one who can give marriage advices but they still black(fish)mailing poor Edmure
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 07 May 2013 - 08:10 AM.
2551	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-07	This a thug at the moment. WHAT THE FUCK? The blackfish is ace, so why are we getting a dumb thug? The actor's good too, but christ.
2552	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	This a thug at the moment. WHAT THE FUCK? The blackfish is ace, so why are we getting a dumb thug? The actor's good too, but christ.Yeah, why not a clever verbal cut instead of a threat to punch him?  It's idiotic.  The BF was a badass, but come on.
2553	I'm_Tim	2013-05-07	I think they're making the Blackfish so over the top because, in a few episodes, he'll be the last player still on the Stark's side. They have't introduced Manderly or Reed yet. Martin really over does the beat down of the Starks. There are a ton of viewers on Team Stark and they risk the chance of losing them if the Starks have no hope. At least with the Blackfish still alive, you have a sense that maybe the Starks can somehow recover. Going forward, the show faces 2 huge challenges: The Stark situation and Dany. We all kept reading. They have to give the viewers enough hope to keep watching.
2554	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	I try not to criticize too much so I'll just say I prefer book Blackfish. He's neither here nor there on the show.
I'm actually starting to really like Edmure a lot though.  I think I feel bad for him, he's kind of like the underdog or something.  I hope they find an opportunity to show how as a Lord he really cares for his people as opposed to most of the other Lords in Westeros.
2555	Minsc	2013-05-07	come on the book tullys are a bit screwd upcat is the most stupid and she botched everything she triedCatelyn shows more brains then almost the entire Stark clan combined, especially when one looks at the older Stark clan.
2556	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	I agree, I genuinely wanted to slap the shit out of everyone in that room who wasn't Edmure. Both Blackfish and Robb are berating Edmure on such flimsy grounds that the scene should have ended with him losing his temper and throwing that fact in their faces.Very true - Edmure is lord of Riverrun, he deserves not to be treated in such a manner in his own castle!
2557	Dove	2013-05-07	The only TV Blackfish moment I'm crazy about so far was him decking Karstark when he sassed Robb. Loved that, not so much everything else.
2558	boojam	2013-05-07	Really? Damn, he did surly tough guy well.It's just pure speculation on my part, could be HBO black lists some actors who probably don't break their contracts but exercise a contract option.Conan Stevens , long ago, said after he finished The Hobbit, he would like back as the Mountain.Now he has not mentioned it for many months , as if he knows something and rather not talk about it.I can't tell about Clive Mantle , he did free up, but maybe opted not to come back.Odd he was involved in a fight that put him the hospital this year, having his ear put back on, the media refereed to him as a Game of Thrones Star , as if he was still on the show.He is now in another TV series.I don't know if anyone has ever asked him about GOT and what happened?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 May 2013 - 01:07 PM.
2559	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	Clive Mantle was staying in a travel lodge here in Newcastle when he was awakened in the early hours by someone making alot of noise in the corridor. Apparently he went out and asked the rowdy man to be quiet and thats when he was attacked and had his ear bitten off!
2560	Gannicus	2013-05-07	He's coming off a bit harsh but I think part of that's because it's tv.
Cat, Robb, and the Blackfish treated Edmure like a piece of shit in the book too.
2561	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-07	I'm just gonna post what I posted in the nitpick thread. 
Okay, I hate nitpicking threads. Hate them. I always think, why cant people just be freaking happy?
This episode has turned me to the darkside.
This episode, all I could think of, was why why why why the fuck is this show making me dislike the Blackfish?
I love him in the books, but in the show, he's just a prick.
He belittles Edmure in their first scene in the show, I realise he's emotional because Hoster is his brother, but he was Edmure's father, and Edmure is, you know, his nephew and all.
And now we have this weeks scene, where for some reason, Brynden Tully is acting like its Edmure's fault Robb broke his vows, like its perfectly reasonable that because Edmure screwed up a chance of killing Gregor Clegane, a landed fucking Knight, not even a Lord, its acceptable to cajole him into being stuck with one of Walder Frey's daughters.
People keep saying the Blackfish is badass, usually citing his punching of Karstark as an example. Karstark was chained. Samwell Tarly could have punched him and had no repercussions.
The show has made the Blackfish a douche.
End Rant.
Edit: I apologise for my slight incoherence. I was angry.
					
					
							Edited by Young Fish, 07 May 2013 - 10:15 AM.
2562	Nagisa Furukawa	2013-05-07	I don't have my books with me, but doesn't he do pretty much the same thing in the books (apart from the fist in teeth comment)?  I don't have my books with me, but if I recall correctly, he 'compels' Edmure by saying something about how he needed to make amends for allowing the Lannisters to pass through to King's Landing.ShowFish is a bit more hardened than BookFish, maybe.  I can agree with that.He does point out the Battle of the Fords, but he also makes it clear that he'd be a complete hypocrite if he did make him, <U+0080><U+009C>I am the last man in the Seven Kingdoms to tell anyone who they must wed, Nephew. Nonetheless, you did say something of making amends for your Battle of the Fords.<U+0080><U+009D>That quote says it all about the difference between the show's and books' Blackfish. They removed one of his most intriguing traits and changed him from an intelligent, clever man at Robb's side to Robb's bulldog, Vinnie Jones (okay, maybe that's a LITTLE far, but as others have said, "thug" is the perfect word for Show Blackfish).
2563	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-07	Yeah i'm with you guys, that line was such a letdown. I was already rather skeptical about bookfish, but now nothing can fix him for me.
					
					
							Edited by WardenOfTheNerds, 07 May 2013 - 11:11 AM.
2564	PG_Tips	2013-05-07	Really? Damn, he did surly tough guy well.He was great as Little John in the Robin of Sherwood series.
2565	Birdsong65	2013-05-07	Cat, Robb, and the Blackfish treated Edmure like a piece of shit in the book too.&#8203;Cat did not treat Edmure like a piece of shit in the books.  Sorry, but that statement is categorically untrue.  She viewed him as her sensitive, honorable, loving brother/son.  Her single frustration with him is his insistence on a hand-picked, pretty wife as existence is predicated on the patriarchal idea that love may only flower in a marriage, be it arranged or not, if there is first beauty, thus sexual attraction, etc.  It should also be noted that Catelyn's frustration stems from this overall Westerosi idea than any egregious shortcoming on Edmure's part.Merging the Blackfish and the GreatJon is rather an epic fail as one is a capable, charismatic tactician of some renown (BF) and the other is a hot headed, hulking Northern war machine (GJ), the very definition of LF's S1 assessment, "Quick tempers, slow minds."  I liked his scene with Catelyn, but would not be surprised if those only watching the show assume that Catelyn is the only Tully the BF cares for.Also, what the actual fuck regarding the Stone Mill fiasco?  Was the BF suddenly with Robb at the Cragg, or did he remain at Riverrun?  And if he was at RR, then why the hell didn't he deal with Edmure's position/orders then?  That's a plot hole you could drive a bus through, is it not?  Post Hoster, Edmure is Lord of RR, but BF threatens him physically, regardless.  Are we to assume that a death bed Hoster would prevent the BF from preventing Edmure's move on the Stone Mill?  Seriously, what the actual fuck?  Hell, If the BF was in Robb's camp the entire time, is there any particular reason he didn't aid Catelyn when Karstark was threatening both she and Jaime?  How about this, He's not going to tell Robb not to marry someone other than the Frey girl, but he'll threaten to bash Edmure's face in if he doesn't?I can't.
2566	jarl the climber	2013-05-07	Blackfish seems very dedicated to Cat and Robb but for some reason he has a problem with Edmure. He seems to doubt Edmures competentcy and his dedication to the cause. So far he has shown public disdain for him at Hosters funeral, dressed him down in front of Robb and privately threatened to bust his teeth out when he made objections to the Frey wedding. Its funny because Edmures instincts were probaly better than Robbs or Blackfishs.
2567	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	I think the'yve gone overboard, but I get some of the rationale.  The Blackfish was built up in the text as being a serious, dangerous guy.  Someone enormously respected as a warrior, commander, etc., while also being something of a loner/rebel.  That can be built up decently in the text over time via conversations with Catelyn, POV views of him, etc..  In the show, they just have much more limited time for exposition, and need to get across some of his defining characteristics to separate him from Edmure and other lords.It's ham-handed.  He's more brutal, etc..  But, I think the audience is going to be left the essentially a correct view as to where his character fits in.  There's been a fair bit of speculation in book threads that he makes an appearance as a mystery visitor to Winterfell in ADWD.  The Blackfish as portrayed on the show is the kiknd of character of whom you could believe "yup, that just might be him."  Whether or not it actually is him isn't really the point.  The point is that they've defined him well enough that he can fit in to everything the book Blackfish is supposed to do, and credibly.  He's a tough SOB.I'll personally admit to liking the portrayal by the actor.  I never had all that good a sense of the Blackfish from the books, but I kind of smiled the first time I saw him portrayed.  He actually seems a convincing soldier to me rather than someone who just plays at one by having a stage-trained voice.  Which, in some sense, is the category into which Tywin and just about every other lord falls into for me.  He and Sandor are the only two who actually seem to have the demeanor of a real soldier to me.
2568	Blackf1sh	2013-05-07	Since the Blackfish is sort of taking over the role of the Greatjon, I have this feeling he might join Robb to the Twins and possibly die or captured at the RW.
The actor playing the Blackfish was introduced as one of the major new roles for this season, and if he remains at Riverrun he probably wont appear after episode 7/8 and had only a few minutes of screen time this season.
2569	Kernest	2013-05-07	I'll personally admit to liking the portrayal by the actor.  I never had all that good a sense of the Blackfish from the books, but I kind of smiled the first time I saw him portrayed.  He actually seems a convincing soldier to me rather than someone who just plays at one by having a stage-trained voice.  Which, in some sense, is the category into which Tywin and just about every other lord falls into for me.  He and Sandor are the only two who actually seem to have the demeanor of a real soldier to me.I agree partly this, he certainly looks how I imagined Blackfish to be, now we just need to see him use his head rather than his fists. Though I also have to disagree about Tywin, the actor is exactly how one (or atleast I) could imagine Tywin, the man looks and sounds regal.
2570	Sniraga	2013-05-07	I think the'yve gone overboard, but I get some of the rationale.  The Blackfish was built up in the text as being a serious, dangerous guy.  Someone enormously respected as a warrior, commander, etc., while also being something of a loner/rebel.  That can be built up decently in the text over time via conversations with Catelyn, POV views of him, etc..  In the show, they just have much more limited time for exposition, and need to get across some of his defining characteristics to separate him from Edmure and other lords.It's ham-handed.  He's more brutal, etc..  But, I think the audience is going to be left the essentially a correct view as to where his character fits in.  There's been a fair bit of speculation in book threads that he makes an appearance as a mystery visitor to Winterfell in ADWD.  The Blackfish as portrayed on the show is the kiknd of character of whom you could believe "yup, that just might be him."  Whether or not it actually is him isn't really the point.  The point is that they've defined him well enough that he can fit in to everything the book Blackfish is supposed to do, and credibly.  He's a tough SOB.I'll personally admit to liking the portrayal by the actor.  I never had all that good a sense of the Blackfish from the books, but I kind of smiled the first time I saw him portrayed.  He actually seems a convincing soldier to me rather than someone who just plays at one by having a stage-trained voice.  Which, in some sense, is the category into which Tywin and just about every other lord falls into for me.  He and Sandor are the only two who actually seem to have the demeanor of a real soldier to me.I guess the main problem I have with the show Blackfish is that he's so thuggish it seems impossible anyone would respect him. He comes across as an impatient hothead whose modus operandi is to resort to violence, belittling and threats if someone does or says something BF doesn't approve. He doesn't seem to respect his liege lord at all and doesn't bother to hide it either. He might be a tough and dangerous guy, but with his attitude he might also easily cause more harm than he's worth. It seems like the show BF has quite a superiority complex with bad manners and those characteristics don't inspire admiration, loyality or trust. If I were among the RR troops, I'd steer clear of the BF, because I wouldn't want to be the receiving end to one of his temper tantrums.I'll give you that the show BF seems credibly like a real soldier, which is quite rare among the cast. Although like Kernest, I think Tywin is just fine as he is.
2571	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	I like the personality of the Blackfish as present in the book, and also like that he has assumed more of the Greatjon's personality in tv series since GJ isn't coming back, but lately on tv, he does seem perpetually angry and just plain mean at times.  Sometimes I've thought Edmure (and Karstark) needed a vociferous kick in the butt, but it has been carried a bit too far for the tv Blackfish.
On the other hand, I thought Edmure was pretty much portrayed as a blockhead in the books, too.  Nonetheless, I think he had every right to object to being the sacrificial lamb here.  And Robb - pretty much of a prick for 'guilting' Edmure into it, then saying, "Thank you, Uncle.  You're paying my debt.  I won't forget it."  Not much in return for Edmure's being stuck with a Frey daughter, for life.  
PLUS, Robb was so stupid and selfish in the first place with his marriage.  I really liked Robb in Season 1, but I've been steadily turned against him ever since then.  His talk of "honor", when juxtaposed with his behavior, is pretty hypocritical, IMO.  I'd call it as much pride as honor.
And I do wonder how Catelyn has gone so prettily from prisoner to a sort of "small council" position.  And for her to turn around to Edmure and act as if his refusal to wed the Frey girl would be 'the end' for them all, after what she'd done in releasing Jaime, was more than a little hypocritical to me.  But then, Catelyn's certainly not on of my favorite characters, either.
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 07 May 2013 - 03:55 PM.
2572	karna1983	2013-05-07	<U+0080><U+009C>I am the last man in the Seven Kingdoms to tell anyone who they must wed, Nephew. Nonetheless, you did say something of making amends for your Battle of the Fords.<U+0080><U+009D>The above line is perfect. Sums up the Blackfish character and doesnt demean Edmure. Edmure will agree out of a sense of duty rather than bullying.Really wish they hadnt cut the line out, no need for the thuggish bullshit. Blackfish is great character, we have a great actor but they are needlessly changing it.I'm really scared how the RedViper will be portrayed, one of my fave characters.
2573	Versiroth	2013-05-07	I thought Robb was fine in that scene.  He let Edmure know how dire the situation was, but he also said that it was his decision and also noted that it was his sins he was asking Edmure to pay for.
I agree about the Blackfish though.  Not sure why he's so harsh with Edmure.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 07 May 2013 - 03:55 PM.
2574	Hear me Meow	2013-05-07	I think Thugfish is a pretty apt nickname for the tv version.
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Deciduous, 07 May 2013 - 03:52 PM.
2575	congokong	2013-05-07	In the show he is called the Blackfish not because of running from marriage but because of his dark temper (like Black Walder). /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2576	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	I agree partly this, he certainly looks how I imagined Blackfish to be, now we just need to see him use his head rather than his fists.They are not mutually exclusive.  That's kind of my point.  You can be physically somewhat brutal, and sometimes use very blunt language, and still be intelligent and use your wits.  Knew plenty of guys like that in the Marines.Sometimes, using your fists is the smart move, like when Blackfish laid out Karstark.  Sent an immediate, impossible to misinterpret messageThough I also have to disagree about Tywin, the actor is exactly how one (or atleast I) could imagine Tywin, the man looks and sounds regal.He's regal, sure.  Doesn't strike me as a soldier, though.  The Blackfish looks like a guy who has survived on his own to some extent, in likely some pretty hostile places.  He's the guy who swims under the portcullis, cuts his way through guards, and has the charisma and brains to lead troops.  That's not urbane Charles Dance territory.If I were among the RR troops, I'd steer clear of the BF, because I wouldn't want to be the receiving end to one of his temper tantrums.I'm not sure I've seen any tantrums.  Edmure is...the kind of officer troops make fun of.  BF is the kind of guy they might be a bit scared of, although we've only really seen him in two situations 1) Karstark mouthing off, and 2) Edmure being a weenie.  BF may very well be far more comfortable/relaxed/tolerant around rank and file troops than he is around his somewhat spoiled nephew.  But if he is personally brave (he is), fights intelligently and wins (which I think he also does), then they'll follow him.I'll give you that the show BF seems credibly like a real soldier, which is quite rare among the cast. Although like Kernest, I think Tywin is just fine as he is.Yeah, I think Tywin is perfectly cast, don't get me wrong.  He's the head of a major house, after all, and should be lordly.  But the Blackfish is...the Blackfish.  He's an outsider, not nearly as pampered, and really a pure soldier.  He should be a bit rougher around the edges than Tywin, the equivalent of a medieval Marshal or something as opposed to just the highest-ranking Lord.I do agree that they've been a bit douchy to Edmure, and I remember discussing with Ran ages ago Robb not giving Edmure clear enough orders.  Normally, you want subordinates to show initiative and take advantage of tactical opprtunities unless you've told them not to.  Edmure saw an opportunity, didn't know Robb's plan because Robb never told him, so he struck.  That's Robb's fault, IMHO.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 May 2013 - 04:20 PM.
2577	mediterraneo	2013-05-07	I don't see a very clear characterial difference between the book and show Blackfish.
They both are loner, and they both are not a charismatical leader, just the useful, cunning secoond in command. Brynden Tully was never in charge of anything, in his life. He is a bully in the book too, when he always gives up and leaves. He leaves Riverrun and his family, he leaves his first nephew instead of forcing her to confront with reality... He is only strong of character against already insecure opponents, and often people in numerical minority.
And Brynden only respects things done by the female side of his family, Robb included as "done" by Cat.
He doesn't give a damn about hipocrisy, or actual bullying his nephew, or assuming he can enforce rules he wouldn't live by (if you want to lead....) All is permitted and rightful, to him, and nothing to the others. Like Stannis.
The difference with the show, with the passage to the phisical part, is consistent. Brienne, in the books, is not a killer until her fight with the Biter, but tv audience, and hollywood blockbuster movies audience, cannot consider one "badass" enough if he/she hasn't killed three or four times their weight in unnamed characters. So Brienne kills.
Jaime, has to kill a parent (with all that kinslaying brings in terms of actual shame in Westeros) to establish that he is selfish.
Brynden has just bullied his nephew with harsh manners and a phisical not very credible menace, instead of bullying him with harsh manners and autoesteem. Is it so different?
2578	polarbear	2013-05-07	It is very possible that Blackfish will continue his Greatjon impression right up to getting himself killed at the red wedding. Its not as though he has much storyline coming up over the next  seasons.
On the other hand...
If Blackfish stays in Riverrun, after urging all the others to attend the Frey wedding...well, that is not going to reflect well on his character.
"Y'all have fun at the wedding! I'll look after the castle for you."
 I guarantee you, most unsullied viewers are going to think he was in on the conspiracy.
2579	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	Catelyn shows more brains then almost the entire Stark clan combined, especially when one looks at the older Stark clan.didnt she try and send herself to pyke instead of theon?
2580	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	I don't see a very clear characterial difference between the book and show Blackfish.They both are loner, and they both are not a charismatical leader, just the useful, cunning secoond in command. Brynden Tully was never in charge of anything, in his life. He is a bully in the book too, when he always gives up and leaves. He leaves Riverrun and his family, he leaves his first nephew instead of forcing her to confront with reality... He is only strong of character against already insecure opponents, and often people in numerical minority.And Brynden only respects things done by the female side of his family, Robb included as "done" by Cat.He doesn't give a damn about hipocrisy, or actual bullying his nephew, or assuming he can enforce rules he wouldn't live by (if you want to lead....) All is permitted and rightful, to him, and nothing to the others. Like Stannis.The difference with the show, with the passage to the phisical part, is consistent. Brienne, in the books, is not a killer until her fight with the Biter, but tv audience, and hollywood blockbuster movies audience, cannot consider one "badass" enough if he/she hasn't killed three or four times their weight in unnamed characters. So Brienne kills.Jaime, has to kill a parent (with all that kinslaying brings in terms of actual shame in Westeros) to establish that he is selfish.Brynden has just bullied his nephew with harsh manners and a phisical not very credible menace, instead of bullying him with harsh manners and autoesteem. Is it so different?factually wildly inaccurate
2581	David Selig	2013-05-07	didnt she try and send herself to pyke instead of theon?No.
2582	RedBean	2013-05-07	And Brynden only respects things done by the female side of his family, Robb included as "done" by Cat.What? Blackfish was openly disdainful of both Lysa and Edmure. He admired Robb and Cat, and while he didn't get along with Hoster, I doubt he disrespected him in any way. I don't know where you get the idea he only respects things done by the females.
2583	wolverine	2013-05-07	It seems it's a bit of a coin flip with new characters.  Hope they do well by the Red Viper.. the only good new character left.?
2584	Sniraga	2013-05-08	They are not mutually exclusive.  That's kind of my point.  You can be physically somewhat brutal, and sometimes use very blunt language, and still be intelligent and use your wits.  Knew plenty of guys like that in the Marines.Sometimes, using your fists is the smart move, like when Blackfish laid out Karstark.  Sent an immediate, impossible to misinterpret messageYeah, but the show BF uses his fists all the time. That doesn't make him smart. It actually makes him look stupid, as in he couldn't think of any other way to deal with difficult situations. It doesn't help either that so far BF has only roughen people up when he had the upper hand (Edmure isn't physically as sturdy as BF and Karstark was in chains).I'm not sure I've seen any tantrums.  Edmure is...the kind of officer troops make fun of.  BF is the kind of guy they might be a bit scared of, although we've only really seen him in two situations 1) Karstark mouthing off, and 2) Edmure being a weenie.  BF may very well be far more comfortable/relaxed/tolerant around rank and file troops than he is around his somewhat spoiled nephew.  But if he is personally brave (he is), fights intelligently and wins (which I think he also does), then they'll follow him.Okay, not exactly tantrums, but the show BF looks like his blood starts to boil quite easily. I think he comes across like a reckless person, but not necessarily brave or intelligent.We really should see more of him, interacting with different people - I thought he was pretty good in his scene with Catelyn - but since BF isn't a major character by any means, I doubt D&D are going to develop his character much more. And they usually stick with the route they've chosen at the beginning.I do agree that they've been a bit douchy to Edmure, and I remember discussing with Ran ages ago Robb not giving Edmure clear enough orders.  Normally, you want subordinates to show initiative and take advantage of tactical opprtunities unless you've told them not to.  Edmure saw an opportunity, didn't know Robb's plan because Robb never told him, so he struck.  That's Robb's fault, IMHO.Agreed.edit. clarity
					
					
							Edited by Sniraga, 08 May 2013 - 03:04 AM.
2585	paddington	2013-05-08	Karstark killed 2 sleeping boys, he deserved a smack and a beheading.   I've no problem with BF giving him a clout chains or not.  I think the scene with Edmure is more about showing him as a man you don't really mess about with. To show that he is going to do what needs doing, and if giving Edmure a slap gets what is needed, then a slap is what happens.
I don't think he comes across as reckless, more ruthless.
2586	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	I don't think he comes across as reckless, more ruthless.That's a good description.  He's a no-bullshit kind of guy, but I can't think of anything he's done that is dumb or even reckless.  One problem the writers have is that Edmure is portrayed as something of a goof in the books, but they don't have the time to do the full exposition of his character as in the books.  It's an inherent limitation.  So, they deliberately contrast Edmure and the Blackfish to help establish the core difference in their characters.  That makes for a slightly more extreme version of each of them, at least to this point, but the essence is still there.  And they've still got time to add more subtleties/depth to their characters in succeeding episodes.Again, his screentime has been limited, and it seems that people are jumping to conclusions about his character before the exposition of his character has been completed
2587	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	He's perfectly cast in my opinion but the lines and persona he's been given are just wrong. 
Edmure might be his nephew, and a walking blunder from time to time, but he's also a high lord and in the show he's Ser Brynden's liege lord. 
That alone should account certain respect. 
 Making the Blackfish constantly bully him is absurd. His scene with Cat was good though.
					
					
							Edited by RottenAppleFossoway, 08 May 2013 - 08:12 AM.
2588	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-08	He's perfectly cast in my opinion but the lines and persona he's been given are just wrong.Edmure might be his nephew, and a walking blunder from time to time, but he's also a high lord and in the show he's Ser Brynden's liege lord.That alone should account certain respect.Making the Blackfish constantly bully him is absurd. His scene with Cat was good though.I agree, you cant blame the actor - he is well cast but the script is letting him down
2589	Winterfelon	2013-05-08	I agree, you cant blame the actor - he is well cast but the script is letting him downIt might have been handled with a bit more finesse, but TV Robb needs a capable fighter as a lieutenant.  Edmure is strategically wanting and he did screw up (though good point about Robb not directing him - but then a) he's an inexperienced commander and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> how would he have done it?).BF knows the severity of the situation and is trying to sort it out.  Thus if he's a little blunt I think it's understandable.
2590	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-08	That's a good description.  He's a no-bullshit kind of guy, but I can't think of anything he's done that is dumb or even reckless.  One problem the writers have is that Edmure is portrayed as something of a goof in the books, but they don't have the time to do the full exposition of his character as in the books.  It's an inherent limitation.  So, they deliberately contrast Edmure and the Blackfish to help establish the core difference in their characters.  That makes for a slightly more extreme version of each of them, at least to this point, but the essence is still there.  And they've still got time to add more subtleties/depth to their characters in succeeding episodes.Again, his screentime has been limited, and it seems that people are jumping to conclusions about his character before the exposition of his character has been completedThank you, really.
2591	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	It might have been handled with a bit more finesse, but TV Robb needs a capable fighter as a lieutenant.  Edmure is strategically wanting and he did screw up (though good point about Robb not directing him - but then a) he's an inexperienced commander and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> how would he have done it?).BF knows the severity of the situation and is trying to sort it out.  Thus if he's a little blunt I think it's understandable.Blunt is one thing, threatening to pop your liege lord in the mouth is another thing, giving your liege lord a shove at the funeral of his father and your brother is another thing.I agree there is nothing wrong with the actor or his acting, the problem is the script that has him doing unnecessary violence to Edmure Tully that is inappropriate and out of character.
2592	paddington	2013-05-08	Blunt is one thing, threatening to pop your liege lord in the mouth is another thing, giving your liege lord a shove at the funeral of his father and your brother is another thing.I agree there is nothing wrong with the actor or his acting, the problem is the script that has him doing unnecessary violence to Edmure Tully that is inappropriate and out of character.They need to show the Blackfish as more competent than Edmure, so at the funeral he hits with the first arrow.  They also want to show that he doesn't suffer fools gladly, hence the shoving to get the bow, which also shows he doesn't have a great respect for Edmure, liege lord or not.An they need to show it quickly, in a short scene.
2593	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	They need to show the Blackfish as more competent than Edmure, so at the funeral he hits with the first arrow.  They also want to show that he doesn't suffer fools gladly, hence the shoving to get the bow, which also shows he doesn't have a great respect for Edmure, liege lord or not.An they need to show it quickly, in a short scene.there is a thing called dialogue that can be used to convey all of that without thugging him up
2594	Winterfelon	2013-05-08	Blunt is one thing, threatening to pop your liege lord in the mouth is another thing, giving your liege lord a shove at the funeral of his father and your brother is another thing.I agree there is nothing wrong with the actor or his acting, the problem is the script that has him doing unnecessary violence to Edmure Tully that is inappropriate and out of character.It did make me raise an eyebrow, I'll admit.  But I wasn't sure why.So I read Ice and Fire wiki on the character (been a while with the books) and - it seems - they have hit all the essential beats of the character with maximum economy. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It doesn't ruin him for me.  If anything I have more of an issue with Edmure.  The actor's miscast - he's a good actor, (might even have been a great Littlefinger) but not for plump ginger Edmure!
2595	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	Not only is the Blackfish a jerk, he's also an idiot so far. You got to wonder why Edmure doesn't just arrest him or punish him in some other way. He's the Lord after all, it's beyond dumb of the Blackfish to treat him that way. And in the show he's not Robb's right hand in military matters, so this doesn't protect him...I've said this elsewhere, but this is even a better place for it...Why on earth would the Blackfish threaten to slap his liege lord upside the head multiple times?  I realize that Edmure is Brynden's nephew; but Come On; it's not as if Edmure is Joffrey; he hasn't tortured any women.  I keep waiting for TV-Edmure to order Uncle Brynden clapped in irons and doing a timeout in the dungeons of Riverrun; but Edmure is too nice, or the writers too dim.  Perhaps, since no one has slapped Joffrey recently, they're establishing a Blackfish-threatens-to-clout-whiny-Edmure occasion every episode.  I liked book-Blackfish a lot more.
2596	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	I've said this elsewhere, but this is even a better place for it...Why on earth would the Blackfish threaten to slap his liege lord upside the head multiple times?  I realize that Edmure is Brynden's nephew; but Come On; it's not as if Edmure is Joffrey; he hasn't tortured any women.  I keep waiting for TV-Edmure to order Uncle Brynden clapped in irons and doing a timeout in the dungeons of Riverrun; but Edmure is too nice, or the writers too dim.  I do think that's a bit much.  OTOH, Edmure just became Lord of Riverrun, so prior to that, there is an entire lifetime of the Blackfish likely being frustrated by his somewhate feckless nephew.  Edmure is not a kid who might be expected to grow out of things, he's a mature man, seemingly rather weak of character, who has failed to grow into maturity.  And with their entire future on the line, Blackfish is probably thinking that there's no time for coddling.There are a lot of complaints about changes from the book, but I really wish they'd changed the whole Edmure scenario so that he'd actually disregarded an order for Robb rather than having acted in the absence of an order from Robb.  I never liked that much in the books, and I think it would have made the attitudes towards him on the show more understandable.
2597	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	It did make me raise an eyebrow, I'll admit.  But I wasn't sure why.So I read Ice and Fire wiki on the character (been a while with the books) and - it seems - they have hit all the essential beats of the character with maximum economy. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It doesn't ruin him for me.  If anything I have more of an issue with Edmure.  The actor's miscast - he's a good actor, (might even have been a great Littlefinger) but not for plump ginger Edmure!I doesn't "ruin" him, he's perfectly cast as the BF, its just one of the more inexplicable decision by the show that does not make sense in context of book or show....disrespecting his liege lord to that extent is not realistic, super cutting sarcastic put downs, sure, physical violence and threats to punch him out--ridiculous.I like the guy they cast as Edmure, he seems fine, he has the befuddled, way out of his depth as a high lord feel to him that I expected from his book character.
2598	paddington	2013-05-08	there is a thing called dialogue that can be used to convey all of that without thugging him upMore dialogue, more exposition, more scenes of people talking,  when one scene summons up Edmure/BF relationship pretty well.  BF doesn't like or respect Edmure, because he views him as a bit of a clown.  I am not to sure how far that is away from the books because its a while since I've read them.
2599	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	I do think that's a bit much.  OTOH, Edmure just became Lord of Riverrun, so prior to that, there is an entire lifetime of the Blackfish likely being frustrated by his somewhate feckless nephew.  Edmure is not a kid who might be expected to grow out of things, he's a mature man, seemingly rather weak of character, who has failed to grow into maturity.  And with their entire future on the line, Blackfish is probably thinking that there's no time for coddling.There are a lot of complaints about changes from the book, but I really wish they'd changed the whole Edmure scenario so that he'd actually disregarded an order for Robb rather than having acted in the absence of an order from Robb.  I never liked that much in the books, and I think it would have made the attitudes towards him on the show more understandable.Edmure may be immature and the Blackfish frustrated; but it doesn't change that Edmure is now Brynden's lord.   As far as being weak of character, Edmure wasn't the one who ruined the Frey alliance by breaking his word to marry Lord Walder's daughter - but he's being pushed to pay for Robb's mistake; and I don't blame Edmure for being a bit annoyed.
2600	Ran	2013-05-08	Or they could have had Edmure turn to his uncle and offer him the bow in frustration, and the Blackfish hurriedly doing it, and you maintain the idea that Edmure's not as competent, that the Blackfish is more capable, and you don't need to turn him into a rather nasty thug who shoves aside his nephew. And then they could have saved his issues with Edmure for later. As it is, Edmure has been completely slighted on the show, made into a one-note clown, it seems, and his relationship with the Blackfish similarly one-note. No complexity to it, just outright "this one's an idiot", "this one's a thug."
2601	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	More dialogue, more exposition, more scenes of people talking,  when one scene summons up Edmure/BF relationship pretty well.  BF doesn't like or respect Edmure, because he views him as a bit of a clown.  I am not to sure how far that is away from the books because its a while since I've read them.I really don't think it would have been that difficult to convey the substance of their relationship without resorting to an unrealistic action such as threatening to punch out your liege lord and shoving him in front of all his bannermen at Hoster Tully's funeral.Of course we don't know what the BF is going to do in the last two books, but this BF sure does not seem like anyone who would bother trying to save his nephew from the Lannisters.Edited to Add:  The funeral scene especially would  have conveyed exactly the same message if the BF had shoved some other people out of the way, given Edmure an exasperated eye roll/heavy sigh and taken the bow from him...without physically shoving him out of the way which was ridiculous.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 08 May 2013 - 09:23 AM.
2602	King of the Road	2013-05-08	I like the Blackfish, Clive Russell plays the part of the hard man nicely, whilst we got to see a tender side to him in the scene with Catelyn.
2603	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Edmure may be immature and the Blackfish frustrated; but it doesn't change that Edmure is now Brynden's lord.   As far as being weak of character, Edmure wasn't the one who ruined the Frey alliance by breaking his word to marry Lord Walder's daughter - but he's being pushed to pay for Robb's mistake; and I don't blame Edmure for being a bit annoyed.   I'm referring to how Catelyn sees her brother in her POV.  She doesn't see him as strong, mature, etc..., so that's how we see him.  That's completely separate from the decision he made to attack.  Again, I completely agree that Edmure gets the shaft with respect to the latter, just as he did in the book.
2604	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Or they could have had Edmure turn to his uncle and offer him the bow in frustration, and the Blackfish hurriedly doing it, and you maintain the idea that Edmure's not as competent, that the Blackfish is more capable, and you don't need to turn him into a rather nasty thug who shoves aside his nephew. And then they could have saved his issues with Edmure for later.Yeah, I'd have preferred that too.As it is, Edmure has been completely slighted on the show, made into a one-note clown, it seems....I always had the impression of Edmure being pretty much slighted period.and his relationship with the Blackfish similarly one-note. No complexity to it, just outright "this one's an idiot", "this one's a thug."Edmure being an idiot doesn't bother me too much, but I do think some repair work is needed on the Blackfish to give him some wisdom as well as strength if they want to bring him right on line with book Blackfish, which they may choose not to do.  Nor do I get the logic of using him to "replace" the Greatjon, which some others have mentioned.  There's no need to replace that character specifically.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 10:34 AM.
2605	Oakenfist	2013-05-08	They've combined Greatjon's diplomatic skills with Blackfish.
2606	Ran	2013-05-08	When I first twigged on to the idea that he was going to take on some Greatjon-ish traits, I didn't mind -- fine, they wanted to play with that physicality -- but I didn't realize just what they were going to do with it.
2607	Daske	2013-05-08	But shoving someone aside makes you rude, not a thug. It's not like he threw him to the floor and kicked him. Bronn, now, he is a thug.
And when The Blackfish says he will knock Edmure's lights out he doesn't mean he is literally going to punch him. It's his way of saying I'm really disappointed in your attitude youngster - you better 'man up'. His behaviour is overbearing and as someone who is disappointed in his younger relative, and has no other way of conveying it to him emotionally. The Blackfish is obviously not a caring sharing sensitive soul that way! But I get the impression he does care about his nephew.
In any other show I would say this is being portrayed somewhat black & white as it is at the moment so that at some point in the future Edmure will have his day and The Blackfish as the de facto father-figure will admit the boy did good. But that sort of thing is not usually the GoT way...
2608	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-08	didnt she try and send herself to pyke instead of theon?No. She tells Robb not to trust Theon OR the ironborn.
2609	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-08	Here's my two cents....
Blackfish does seem a bit of an aggressive asshole in the show compared to bookfish (by this I mean towards Edmure)
However, show Edmure is a lot more pompous, and somewhat antagonistic than book Edmure, who always gave the impression of being a nice well-meaning, yet ultimately incompetent guy. He book Edmure is a lot more endearing and likable than show Edmure. This causes show Blackfish to behave more aggressively towards him than Bookfish would.
					
					
							Edited by BaseBornBastard, 08 May 2013 - 12:47 PM.
2610	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	In all honesty, I think the biggest problem with the Blackfish is that he wasn't cast in season 1. His voice along with the Greatjon's could have added weight and more support for Robb and his cause along the way. Especially since Greatjon Umber seems to have been completely written out of the show now. 
I like the actor and the book character a lot. I just hope he doesn't spend all of his scenes bullying his liege-lord nephew
2611	polarbear	2013-05-08	I do think that's a bit much.  OTOH, Edmure just became Lord of Riverrun, so prior to that, there is an entire lifetime of the Blackfish likely being frustrated by his somewhate feckless nephew.  Edmure is not a kid who might be expected to grow out of things, he's a mature man, seemingly rather weak of character, who has failed to grow into maturity.  And with their entire future on the line, Blackfish is probably thinking that there's no time for coddling.Blackfish barely knows his nephew well enough to be so judgemental. Didnt he just return home after being banished for twenty years?
2612	jarl the climber	2013-05-08	But shoving someone aside makes you rude, not a thug. It's not like he threw him to the floor and kicked him. Bronn, now, he is a thug.And when The Blackfish says he will knock Edmure's lights out he doesn't mean he is literally going to punch him. It's his way of saying I'm really disappointed in your attitude youngster - you better 'man up'. His behaviour is overbearing and as someone who is disappointed in his younger relative, and has no other way of conveying it to him emotionally. The Blackfish is obviously not a caring sharing sensitive soul that way! But I get the impression he does care about his nephew.In any other show I would say this is being portrayed somewhat black & white as it is at the moment so that at some point in the future Edmure will have his day and The Blackfish as the de facto father-figure will admit the boy did good. But that sort of thing is not usually the GoT way...Shoving Edmure aside at the funeral was a politcal act, Brynden was publicly dismmisive of Edmure. I agree that Brynden would have actually tried to bust out Edmures teeth if thats what he really intended. He does not usually give warnings, he did not give one to Karstark last week. His loyalty seems to be to Robb who is his nephew and his and Edmures King, so he answers directly to Robb.
2613	Winterfelon	2013-05-09	I doesn't "ruin" him, he's perfectly cast as the BF, its just one of the more inexplicable decision by the show that does not make sense in context of book or show....disrespecting his liege lord to that extent is not realistic, super cutting sarcastic put downs, sure, physical violence and threats to punch him out--ridiculous.I like the guy they cast as Edmure, he seems fine, he has the befuddled, way out of his depth as a high lord feel to him that I expected from his book character.Well yes - but Edmure has only just assumed the role, and he's the BF's kid nephew who clearly doesn't know his arse from his elbow.  Must be very frustrating for the BF, who must surely see himself as a more capable man in the circumstances.Take the point about Edmure being royally shafted on multiple fronts though, poor chap!*still say the actor is too weasely though - but I guess that's just because I've always seen him play bad guys. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2614	Winterfelon	2013-05-09	Blackfish barely knows his nephew well enough to be so judgemental. Didnt he just return home after being banished for twenty years?Perhaps - but Edmure looks more like 35-40 so there's probably a bit of a justifiable lag in the BF's pecreption! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Also not sure this fact is in the show...
2615	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Blackfish barely knows his nephew well enough to be so judgemental. Didnt he just return home after being banished for twenty years?As was pointed out, that's not in the show.  If they'd made the point that this was the first time he'd been in Riverrun in 20 years, I don't think those scenes -- particularly the "teeth" scene -- would have worked even on it's own level.Show BF is different from Book BF so far.  Personally, I don't understand the reason for the change, but I don't think it ruins the show or character so I"m not getting bent out of shape about it.Hey, just had a thought.  If they've merged BF with the Greatjon, is there a chance they may have the BF at the RW, but actually have him manage to escape somehow?
2616	Blackf1sh	2013-05-09	Hey, just had a thought.  If they've merged BF with the Greatjon, is there a chance they may have the BF at the RW, but actually have him manage to escape somehow?Since Clive Russell was announced as one of the main new characters for season 3, I think there is a good chance he will join Robb to the Twins, otherwise his character would almost have no screentime. As long as he somehow manages to escape back to Riverrun, I think it would be a nice change from the books. As basically no other 'loyal' northman has been introduced so far I guess he'll be at the RW. But if he should die, I would be greatly disappointed as I am really looking forward to the Blackfish returning in the coming books
2617	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-05-09	how cute.. another bitching thread...
2618	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	As was pointed out, that's not in the show.  If they'd made the point that this was the first time he'd been in Riverrun in 20 years, I don't think those scenes -- particularly the "teeth" scene -- would have worked even on it's own level.Show BF is different from Book BF so far.  Personally, I don't understand the reason for the change, but I don't think it ruins the show or character so I"m not getting bent out of shape about it.Hey, just had a thought.  If they've merged BF with the Greatjon, is there a chance they may have the BF at the RW, but actually have him manage to escape somehow?If they do that, then I want them to merge him with the Smalljon, too, and have him hit someone with a leg of lamb before escaping.
2619	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	Since Clive Russell was announced as one of the main new characters for season 3, I think there is a good chance he will join Robb to the Twins, otherwise his character would almost have no screentime. As long as he somehow manages to escape back to Riverrun, I think it would be a nice change from the books. As basically no other 'loyal' northman has been introduced so far I guess he'll be at the RW. But if he should die, I would be greatly disappointed as I am really looking forward to the Blackfish returning in the coming booksI must have missed what happened to Show Greatjon, but I think most people are expecting big things from Book Blackfish in the future, and I'd be surprised they would even bother casting him if they intended to kill him off in in two more episodes....so, we might see a badass RW escape for the BF.
2620	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	how cute.. another bitching thread...Well, the thing is here you can tell people to stop being whiners, tell them that "the books are not the show", and argue how show Blackfish is fine, or even better than the book version. If you can't even stand reading any kind of complaint or argument that doesn't praise the show, then I highly recomend you to go here.
2621	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Since Clive Russell was announced as one of the main new characters for season 3, I think there is a good chance he will join Robb to the Twins, otherwise his character would almost have no screentime. As long as he somehow manages to escape back to Riverrun, I think it would be a nice change from the books. As basically no other 'loyal' northman has been introduced so far I guess he'll be at the RW. But if he should die, I would be greatly disappointed as I am really looking forward to the Blackfish returning in the coming books Well, they're setting him up to be the kind of guy that just might be able to escape a trap at the RW.  It's certainly not canon, but I think it would help establish him moving forward, and it doesn't derail the plot otherwise.  I know there was some confusion/disinformation about what actually happened, but Blackfish's escape really won't change that.  Not many are likely to hear his story, and the Freys will just say that he was the freak who started the whole thing anyway.I was thinking for a bit that having anyone survive might detract from the horror, but then, there were some folks who survived and were taken prisoner, so I think it would still work.
2622	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-09	how cute.. another bitching thread...There is room for discussion and criticism concerning all artistic mediums, television, film, paintings, music. It's not ''bitching'' if people have genuine reasons as to why they are not completely satisfied with certain characters, certain stories, ect. Your unnecessary comment is more bitter than most of the comments in this thread.
2623	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-09	Blackfish CANT die at the RW as he is needed for the siege of Riverrun.
Book Greatjon ended up Freys prisoner but now the character has unfortunately been written out perhaps TV Blackfish will goto the wedding and fight his way out the door proving what a bad ass he is!
2624	Darryk	2013-05-09	It bothers me tremendously, but at the same time, this is the realities of making a TV show with too many characters for your average TV audience to keep track of. They can't afford to be subtle with the minor characters.
2625	jarl the climber	2013-05-09	I think if you get past the threat he made to Edmure he was actually quite reasonable, its kind of a good cop/bad cop thing that Robb and Blackfish are working with Edmure.
2626	Batman	2013-05-09	The Blackfish was always a hard man, but in the show he is just a jerk towards Edmure. In the books there was compassion for Edmure when he missed his shots at Hosters funeral ship, he understood he was grieving for his father. In the show he didnt seem to care at all.
On top of that I dont need to explain what was wrong with this show.
2627	UrgentMatter	2013-05-10	Surely blackfish has to go to the twins and do all the good bits at protecting robb before jumping off the bridge to escape. Would make perfect sense both from a good TV point of view and it wouldn't affect his future plot lines.
2628	Lux in Tenebris	2013-05-10	It bothers me tremendously, but at the same time, this is the realities of making a TV show with too many characters for your average TV audience to keep track of. They can't afford to be subtle with the minor characters.But...why not? The audience of this show is not stupid. I've always found this to be a lame excuse.
2629	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	But...why not? The audience of this show is not stupid. I've always found this to be a lame excuse.It is totally lame where the thugging up of the BF is concerned, there is no excuse for it, he doesn't need to threaten his liege lord to be shown as a badass or to show that he lacks respect for Edmure or his decision making.  There are many things they could have done to convey exactly the same message without the shove and the threatening to punch his lights out.
2630	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-10	It is totally lame where the thugging up of the BF is concerned, there is no excuse for it, he doesn't need to threaten his liege lord to be shown as a badass or to show that he lacks respect for Edmure or his decision making.  There are many things they could have done to convey exactly the same message without the shove and the threatening to punch his lights out.Yes, instead of threatening to punch his lights out he could have sarcastically said something like "Your the lord of Riverrun now and its what a good lord would do - you do want to be a good lord dont you?"
2631	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	Yes, instead of threatening to punch his lights out he could have sarcastically said something like "Your the lord of Riverrun now and its what a good lord would do - you do want to be a good lord dont you?"Sure, he could have thrown his plate at the wall if they feel the need to make him extra violent, he could have gone on a mini screaming rant outlining all of Edmure's failings, eye rolled him, whatever, anything but what they had him do, this isn't The Sopranos afterall.  The Greatjon lost a finger for backtalking his liege lord.  BF gets to make threats of violence and commit actr of violence at will against his liege lord.  Just no.
2632	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	Sure, he could have thrown his plate at the wall if they feel the need to make him extra violent, he could have gone on a mini screaming rant outlining all of Edmure's failings, eye rolled him, whatever, anything but what they had him do, this isn't The Sopranos afterall.  The Greatjon lost a finger for backtalking his liege lord.  BF gets to make threats of violence and commit actr of violence at will against his liege lord.  Just no.First, the Greatjon lost two fingers for baring steel against his liege lord, not backtalking. Second, I clearly recall Tyrion slapping Joffrey on several occasions, without "legal" repercussions. Still, no one ever complained about the lack of realism of that. And I also clearly recall Joffrey being something more than a liege lord. So, what's up with that? What makes it more believable than the Blackfish being rude his young and trying nephew, who's just recently become his liege lord?
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 11 May 2013 - 02:54 AM.
2633	lostinasia	2013-05-11	Surely blackfish has to go to the twins and do all the good bits at protecting robb before jumping off the bridge to escape. Would make perfect sense both from a good TV point of view and it wouldn't affect his future plot lines.I can see how including him in the twins would help give the scene more impact, but his escape would have to be handled carefully: it'd be easy to (accidentally, I hope!) make it look like he was running away and abandoning the others.
2634	Whoresbane Umber	2013-05-11	Who's Edwin?edmure
2635	Kernest	2013-05-11	I can see how including him in the twins would help give the scene more impact, but his escape would have to be handled carefully: it'd be easy to (accidentally, I hope!) make it look like he was running away and abandoning the others.I also believe that if Blackfish is at the Twins, he'll escape by jumping off a bridge, setting him up as a great swimmer for later scenes at Riverrun. Though you're right, it'll easily look like as if he was abandoning people and running, but perhaps the right solution is to separate him from Robb, and have him cornered by dozen Freys on the bridge, where there's no other option.
2636	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-11	perhaps the right solution is to separate him from Robb, and have him cornered by dozen Freys on the bridge, where there's no other option.I like that - it would work quite well.
2637	IceManCeaserKOTN	2013-05-11	Haven't read the books so I don't have any comparison but I really enjoy this Blackfish character. It seems lately his "thuggish" demeanor is a response to everyone having very loose respect for the King in the North. He is a traditional guy so hearing all these guys disrespect and talk to Robb the way no man would ever talk to a King has worn down his patience. Plus with them losing the war there isn't any time for BS. That's the way I see it. Not coming off as "thuggish" or "disrespectful" at all to me. And I would LOVE to see him fight his way out of the RW after he see's all hope is lost for King Robb, Catelyn and his men. I despise those damn Freys.
2638	thorny throne	2013-05-11	The problem is more Edmure than BF, I think. In the books, he's younger. If Cat is 35ish in the books. Lysa is 2 years younger, and I got the impression that Edmure was late twenties or so. In need of BF guidance.
In the show Cat is 50 and Edmure seems like he's 40 years old. Old enough to know better.
But I agree that in the books BF is a unique character, and it's lost on the show.
2639	lostinasia	2013-05-11	I also believe that if Blackfish is at the Twins, he'll escape by jumping off a bridge, setting him up as a great swimmer for later scenes at Riverrun.It just occurred to me that they could also have him getting Talisa out of the Twins - and that Robb gives him that mission. That could streamline a later story element (the details are very hazy for me - isn't Blackfish somehow protecting Robb's possibly-pregnant wife later on?), although it'd leave Edmure's story, um, hanging.
2640	Kernest	2013-05-12	It just occurred to me that they could also have him getting Talisa out of the Twins - and that Robb gives him that mission. That could streamline a later story element (the details are very hazy for me - isn't Blackfish somehow protecting Robb's possibly-pregnant wife later on?), although it'd leave Edmure's story, um, hanging.Entirely possible, but I believe they'll go the same route they did in the books, Robb doesn't take his wife with him to avoid offending the Freys.
2641	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	Entirely possible, but I believe they'll go the same route they did in the books, Robb doesn't take his wife with him to avoid offending the Freys.I don't think so, this picture looks like the RW, and Talisa is present.ETA:It just occurred to me that they could also have him getting Talisa out of the Twins - and that Robb gives him that mission. That could streamline a later story element (the details are very hazy for me - isn't Blackfish somehow protecting Robb's possibly-pregnant wife later on?), although it'd leave Edmure's story, um, hanging.Well, I guess Edmure would be bedding his wife just like in the books, so there's no time and opportunity to get him out of there. So, his story would continue like in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 12 May 2013 - 12:57 AM.
2642	Volantis	2013-05-12	at least they didn't make him gay
2643	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	at least they didn't make him gayMake who gay?
2644	Birdsong65	2013-05-12	It just occurred to me that they could also have him getting Talisa out of the Twins - and that Robb gives him that mission. That could streamline a later story element (the details are very hazy for me - isn't Blackfish somehow protecting Robb's possibly-pregnant wife later on?), although it'd leave Edmure's story, um, hanging.I would be surprised if the BF attends the RW, really.  It's a change that requires more changes that could easily be avoided if he did not attend.  But, Talisa is attending, which is also a change, so including the BF would allow for her escape, if that book storyline will continue on HBO in future seasons, particularly if either of them is in possession of Robb's will naming Jon Snow his heir.IDK, charging the BF with Talisa's welfare and safety, rather than Catelyn's, strikes me as wrong, just no please, but it would be an easy plot devise to illustrate Catelyn's isolation from everything, and inform her actions in the future as one who is navigating, but not actively integrated, with the larger society surrounding her, thus capable of actions previously unheard of.
2645	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	I would be surprised if the BF attends the RW, really.  It's a change that requires more changes that could easily be avoided if he did not attend.  But, Talisa is attending, which is also a change, so including the BF would allow for her escape, if that book storyline will continue on HBO in future seasons, particularly if either of them is in possession of Robb's will naming Jon Snow his heir.IDK, charging the BF with Talisa's welfare and safety, rather than Catelyn's, strikes me as wrong, just no please, but it would be an easy plot devise to illustrate Catelyn's isolation from everything, and inform her actions in the future as one who is navigating, but not actively integrated, with the larger society surrounding her, thus capable of actions previously unheard of.Well, Talisa is the Queen of the North now, so it's only logical that the only trustworthy show bannerman is charged with her safety. I agree though that it will be really strange if on one hand we will have the Frey's butchering everyone and on the other a mission impossible Blackfish charging through an army of Freys with Talisa on his shoulders.
2646	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	Well, Talisa is the Queen of the North now, so it's only logical that the only trustworthy show bannerman is charged with her safety. I agree though that it will be really strange if on one hand we will have the Frey's butchering everyone and on the other a mission impossible Blackfish charging through an army of Freys with Talisa on his shoulders.Why does anyone think Talisa is going to survive the RW?
2647	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-12	EDMURE: The laws of gods and men are very clear: no man can compel another man to marriage.BLACKFISH: The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth!After the initial "ugh" at just how poor of a line that was, I suddenly realized it was coming from THE BLACKFISH! The man infamous for not letting another man (Hoster Tully) compel another man! It's about the most un-Blackfish thing he could've said, honestly.Thinking back as to how he's been handled this season, actually, I really don't like how much of an absolute violent hothead they've made him. I was able to take him being sterner with Edmure during the funeral scene; I accepted him yelling at Edmure about how he addresses "his king," when he's addressing "his lord" in a worse fashion. But to take one of the most interesting traits about the Blackfish and to completely remove it (elsewise, wouldn't Edmure had pointed out the insane hypocrisy?) for yet another "Edmure, you suck!" moment, I'm officially pissed at how they're treating Brynden Tully.Thanks a lot for pointing this out... He looks great, the cast is great, but... At this point, save for his scene with Cat which was nice, he's simply just a thug with far too little respect for his lord, and he looks like an asshole while they're trying to make him look cool, which just isn't that good. Regardless I'm still looking forward to seeing more of him, the guy looks so much like George Carlin I just can't stop laughing every time I see him!
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 12 May 2013 - 10:30 AM.
2648	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Why does anyone think Talisa is going to survive the RW?Jeyne Westerling is alive in the books, and since Talisa is her replacement then it would be quite a major change, killing her at RW. Not impossible obviously.
2649	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	Jeyne Westerling is alive in the books, and since Talisa is her replacement then it would be quite a major change, killing her at RW. Not impossible obviously.My prediction is that they will kill her because I don't think Jeyne Westerling is going to reappear in the books in any meaningful way, I think the Jeyne Westerling is pregnant with Robb's heir is crackpot, if she was, they wouldn't have changed her to a totally different person with no relationship at all to the character in the book who marries Robb. But, of course I could be wrong, since I thought that "Talisa" was a false identity for an aged up Jeyne Westerling as I didn't think they would depart that significantly from the books.  I thought "Talisa" was going to be outed as Jeyne once they got to the Crag but after Robb was already in love with her.
2650	Kernest	2013-05-12	My prediction is that they will kill her because I don't think Jeyne Westerling is going to reappear in the books in any meaningful way, I think the Jeyne Westerling is pregnant with Robb's heir is crackpot, if she was, they wouldn't have changed her to a totally different person with no relationship at all to the character in the book who marries Robb.But, of course I could be wrong.I'm gonna go with you could be wrong. I believe that the queen of the north could be just about any random skank, as long as she's pregnant with Robb's child. I don't see how Jeyne being changed to Talisa proves either that she's going to be unimportant in the future books, or that she's not actually pregnant...
2651	HopeForSpring	2013-05-12	I thought it had been put to bed that the hip-difference was just a mistake and that JW's mother really did, sadly, turn out to be that much of a b*tch and that whole part was really showing how much Tywin really could f one up. I was really sad when that particular pet theory was ruled out. I thought it made things potentially less tragic, and then I realized how silly it was to think the grrm made something LESS tragic. sigh.
Which means Talisa being at the RW and dying there is totally fine and we can leave blackfish at rr to treat with Jaime later.
But of course, I cold be wrong too...
ETA:http://asoiaf.wester...ry/page__st__20http://asoiaf.wester...fe/page__st__20
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 12 May 2013 - 03:09 PM.
2652	Castellan	2013-05-20	Back to Brynden and the main point of the OP - I haven't liked a single thing about him in the show. I can't tell why you'd choose to interpret the character that way. He is a nasty old dickhead given to snarky comments with mindless loyalty as his main trait. What's more I don't like his physical appearance or body language. He seems to be representing that Robb's cause is a losing cause, and provides, more than anything, a general lowering of tone among the Tullys. 
In the books he is quite a subtle and honorable character who stood up to his brother, was always nice to his nephews and nieces as children, ignores Catelyn being under arrest or whatever you call it and goes up and hugs her, came up with the successful plan to capture Jaime, has planned as through a defense of Riverun as he can, escapes, but not before aiming a few blows at Jaime and his honor on the drawbridge. His being honorable and a famous knight himself is what makes it cutting - what would Jaime care what the TV shit-for-brains character had to say?
2653	PipPayne	2013-05-06	First post, though I frequent the boards.With Gendry replacing Edric, it sort of got my imagination going (uh oh). Gendry in the book thus far becomes a bit-part player, a smithy at an inn. I know not what George RR Martin has in store for him, but as far as a Feast for Crows took us, Edric Storm is arguably more 'amidst the action', Essos in other words, where multiple players are ending up.I don't know whether this is the best place to encourage discussion of this, or whether it has already been discussed (in which case most likely at great length, dismissal, grumbled admission ad infinitum, or whatever the Norse is for it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ).Thanks for reading anyway!
2654	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Welcome.
I personally don't mind the idea of Gendry being Edric. In many viewers minds (those who can remember anyway) Gendry is the last Bastard, so using him instead of a new character makes sense. They should be able to make it work plot-wise.
2655	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	Gendric has certainly been discussed a heck of a lot, but a proper thread for it can't hurt.
2656	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	The only possible explanation for this change is: 
Gendry confirmed as future King of Westeros. And wouldn't he make a great king?
2657	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	This will only further fuel my dad's belief that Gendry will sit on the IT with Arya at his side. 
I am glad to see him have more to do though as I like Gendry and the actor who plays him.
2658	AliKat	2013-05-06	IF he ends up in Essos, do you think he'll end up meeting up with Arya there vs. his storyline in AFFC meeting up and rescuing Brienne? I don't really like this change personally.
2659	Im no Ser	2013-05-06	I actually take all this to mean that Gendry's role in the series isn't very important.
The show made the choice not to introduce the three children at Dragonstone - Edric Storm, Shireen and Devan - at the same time as they introduced Stannis and his court, presumably in an effort to keep the number of new castmembers down.
They now need a king's bastard that Mellisandre threatens to burn, because Davos needs to free him and give Stannis a speech about his royal obligations to get Stannis up to the Wall to defeat Mance.
If Gendry can replace Edric for that purpose, that suggests that whatever narrative purpose Gendry was serving in the books as smith for the BwB isn't relevant to any major plot point.
2660	Sun	2013-05-06	I'm actually happy with any development that gives Gendry more screen time. The actor playing him is too good not to use.
2661	Young Nan	2013-05-06	This is one of the deviations from the book that makes sense/doesn't bother me.  The viewers wouldn't have understood about Edric Storm.   Davos can still save Gendry from being burned.    If he doesn't, now THAT would piss me off, I think it is vital to Davos' character development that he has the balls to stand up to Stannis and save a little boy, knowing there was a very good chance he'd be burned alive for it.  
as long as he risks his own ass to save Gendry, the change is ok with me.
2662	ugashep	2013-05-06	Welcome to the forum of dice in the mirror.
2663	ugashep	2013-05-06	I think it is vital to Davos' character development that he has the balls to stand up to Stannis and save a little boy, knowing there was a very good chance he'd be burned alive for it.  as long as he risks his own ass to save Gendry, the change is ok with me. Agreed, said as much on another website earlier today. I have no problem with the change right now but if that change is made I will be pissed.
2664	chimere	2013-05-06	Although I do think him (in the books) being with the BwB under UnCat has SOME sort of plot point somewhere, I can't see how this change means that the only option is Gendry will be king in the end. I don't see Gendry wanting to be king and I definitely don't see Stannis legitimizing Gendry so that he is first in line for the Iron Throne. I think that the people who think this are only seeing what they want to see.
2665	swoosh stark	2013-05-06	i doubt gendry would even want to be king
2666	Raion Laion	2013-05-06	Although I do think him (in the books) being with the BwB under UnCat has SOME sort of plot point somewhere, I can't see how this change means that the only option is Gendry will be king in the end. I don't see Gendry wanting to be king and I definitely don't see Stannis legitimizing Gendry so that he is first in line for the Iron Throne. I think that the people who think this are only seeing what they want to see.Anything Baratheon related seems to go down the illusory road pretty quickly.
2667	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	From this, I can imagine Gendry will replace Edric Storm and the rest of the Dragonstone arc will follow with the books, except stillborns will replace leeches (if they even keep that part). 
Davos needs to save Gendry. Maybe Shireen will have some part in it as well.
2668	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	Is the thread title meant to sound like 'Arrested Development' haha
2669	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-06	I can't help but wonder where Gendry will flee to when he's saved by Davos. I know Edric went to Lys, but he was highborn and had knights to go with him and act as his guardians. I can't see the same happening for Gendry.
2670	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	i doubt gendry would even want to be kingAgreed. I always shake my head at my Dad when he says it. But when he likely gets saved by Davos, it will make for more discussions about Gendry being some sort of hero.
2671	Envie	2013-05-06	I said this in the other thread about the scene with Melisandre / Gendry / Arya / Thoros etc... but it bears repeating here:
In the books, we're left wondering what happens to both Edric and Gendry. Both have seemingly disappeared off the radar of importance based on where they're ending up. But I don't think GRRM would have included so much about both of them if he didn't intend one or both of them to be future key players in some way. Too much detail and information is written about them just to be red herring dead-end characters in my opinion. However, in the show, we are learning that Edric doesn't exist at all (based on no casting for him where he would have normally appeared in the story with Shireen at Dragonstone) and that Gendry's role is now taking a much more central place in the storyline. Again, the writers of the show likely know endings we don't and therefore chose which of the Baratheon bastards to make more prominent than the other, or nonexistent.
I'm sad that Edric doesn't seemingly play any future role based on the show, but happy they've replaced him with Gendry which means Gendry must somehow play a more important role and not just fabricated for entertainment on the show. I'll be pretty disappointed if they are in fact fabricating his role and this new story plot without there being any real correlation in the books for his future. 
All that being said, I think the hints were pretty strong that Gendry is in fact going to be some sort of key player in the story later in parts of the book we haven't yet gotten to read. I'm happy about that!
2672	PipPayne	2013-05-06	Is the thread title meant to sound like 'Arrested Development' hahaThat's right, haha.Thanks for all the replies. To those discussing whether this means Gendry will end up king/sit the IT, I didn't mean to imply this.I was merely observing that a lot of characters are heading for Essos, and Gendry, if substituted for Edric as apparently is the case, is one of those characters. Incidentally, I saw a similar thread which had been posted before mine which touched upon similar themes, apologies.As a side note, I always considered Gendry's extended stay with the BwB as a product of the 'Five-Year-Gap'.
2673	Envie	2013-05-06	Well here's another tidbit of food for thought: Because they've aged all of the 'kids' up quite a bit in the show, it makes a lot more sense to have Gendry be the key player rather than Edric because Edric was about the same age as Shireen which would make him far too young to play out the part of a future political player at least in the current generation's storyline. Gendry is probably one of Robert's oldest children and on the show he looks even older (mid twenties?) so he could in fact be a much more believable political key element than Edric.
2674	Tyrion4President	2013-05-06	This is one of the deviations from the book that makes sense/doesn't bother me.  The viewers wouldn't have understood about Edric Storm.   Davos can still save Gendry from being burned.	If he doesn't, now THAT would piss me off, I think it is vital to Davos' character development that he has the balls to stand up to Stannis and save a little boy, knowing there was a very good chance he'd be burned alive for it.  as long as he risks his own ass to save Gendry, the change is ok with me.i agree. it would not have translated as well onto the screen if it was edric. mostly because there is nothing before this that is important about him to give the viewers a sense of attachment to the character. We've already had plenty of gendry on screen to give the viewers an emotional attachment.
2675	rumple9	2013-05-06	This will only further fuel my dad's belief that Gendry will sit on the IT with Arya at his side.I am glad to see him have more to do though as I like Gendry and the actor who plays him.I agree - and also in the last episode a bit of foreshadowing - the conversation between arya and gendry where she asks him not to join the brotherhood and says I can be your family and Gendry replies "I will call you m'lady" which suggests to me they may in future get married
2676	Sky Cell Dwalf	2013-05-06	I'm not sure how Gendry is going to rejoin the bwb after seeing this episode. When he starts saying how all he wanted to do was to be one of them, and if he is taking Edric Storms place he is not exactly going to be happy with the bwb who handed him over to them.  I did enjoy the scene despite this
2677	Veltigar	2013-05-06	My thoughts: 1) Gendry replaces Edric 2) He'll never go back to the BwB, they sold him. 3) there are three possibilities for Gendry: a) Go to the Wall with Stannis (yeah to Jon-Stannis-Gendry scenes) /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> With Davos to White Harbor c) My personal prediction: Gendry is going to wind up in the Vale where he is somehow taking over the role of Mya Stone (One of my predictions for tWoW was that Gendry and other surviving members of the BwB would accompany Brienne to the Vale in search of Sansa; if the show already places him there that would confirm my prediction). I am almost 100% sure that they won't send him to Essos, I never thought that Edric would play a large part in the story and I simply don't see how going east could further his and other storylines. One positive note about this confusing change: we'll probably see Hot Pie again a lot sooner than we had anticipated. He'll take Gendry's place at the Inn with the orphans.
					
					
							Edited by Veltigar, 06 May 2013 - 06:33 PM.
2678	Khalessi	2013-05-06	So this trailer seems to imply that Gendy and melisandre sleep together. I am really curious how that will play out. Will it be another Shadow baby?http://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/76542686.html?page=3
2679	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	So this trailer seems to imply that Gendy and melisandre sleep together. I am really curious how that will play out. Will it be another Shadow baby?http://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/76542686.html?page=3Wow, that is a disappointing change.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 06 May 2013 - 10:27 PM.
2680	Khalessi	2013-05-06	Wow, that is a disappointing change.Yeah. I don't even know what to make of it to be honest.
2681	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	Yeah. I don't even know what to make of it to be honest.It just feels forced. Granted, I don't know the context of it, but Mel always seemed pretty loyal to Stannis, emotionally and religiously. I REALLY don't want another Shadow Baby, but I don't think it'll come to that.It's just confusing.
2682	Envie	2013-05-06	See this was one of my chief complaints about how they made Melisandre into a much more sexual figure role for Stannis than in the books. In the books most everything was loosely implied and there was no 'seduction' of any sort nor was the sex a specific part of their relationship like it's being done in the show. It's one of the few changes from books to show that I really disagree with because I think it has diminished both Stannis and Melisandre's characters in different ways. Melisandre had a very strange mystical aura about her in the book, but in the show she seems more like a seductress and less like a powerful priestess. Seducing Gendry for more shadowbinding magic is just more fabricated sex drama that doesn't come anywhere close to the way GRRM wrote really good sex drama already. Why they try to outdo what's already been written is beyond me with this one. It falls short.
2683	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	So this trailer seems to imply that Gendy and melisandre sleep together. I am really curious how that will play out. Will it be another Shadow baby?http://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/76542686.html?page=3Thanks for this. I don't like it. I will now puke. No more shadow babies!
2684	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	See this was one of my chief complaints about how they made Melisandre into a much more sexual figure role for Stannis than in the books. In the books most everything was loosely implied and there was no 'seduction' of any sort nor was the sex a specific part of their relationship like it's being done in the show. It's one of the few changes from books to show that I really disagree with because I think it has diminished both Stannis and Melisandre's characters in different ways. Melisandre had a very strange mystical aura about her in the book, but in the show she seems more like a seductress and less like a powerful priestess. Seducing Gendry for more shadowbinding magic is just more fabricated sex drama that doesn't come anywhere close to the way GRRM wrote really good sex drama already. Why they try to outdo what's already been written is beyond me with this one. It falls short.Well said. It makes her character more one-dimensional and "generic."Granted, she is always described as attractive, but I just think it's being overplayed on-screen for no real reason as of yet.... And Gendry being eskimo brothers with his uncle is gonna make for a really awkward Thanksgiving dinner.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 06 May 2013 - 11:03 PM.
2685	Gannicus	2013-05-06	Well said. It makes her character more one-dimensional and "generic."Granted, she is always described as attractive, but I just think it's being overplayed on-screen for no real reason as of yet....And Gendry being eskimo brothers with his uncle is gonna make for a really awkward Thanksgiving dinner.Agreed, that would be a really poor change.On the other hand, I think Gendry taking the place of Edric will work. Gendry's role in the BWB is minor and we also see the darker side of the BWB. They're not Robin Hood and his merry men.As for the future of Gendry I really think this shows he'll be the one to play a larger role in the future of the book series. Unfortunately I think Shireen is in big trouble so Stannis will need one of Robert's bastards to carry the Baratheon Sigil, even if it's only back to Storms End.For the people think he won't do it, because Robert's children would trump his own claim, it could easily be written into a last will.
2686	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	IF he ends up in Essos, do you think he'll end up meeting up with Arya there vs. his storyline in AFFC meeting up and rescuing Brienne? I don't really like this change personally.I hope he meets up with someone important in Essos, which pretty much makes it Arya or the entourage seeking Dany.Podrick could save Brienne instead of Gendry. He's good with a sword apparently. That one meeting with Brienne is all Gendry has for 2.5 books. It's not enough, even if they will add a bit more to the Brotherhood with LS leading them.See this was one of my chief complaints about how they made Melisandre into a much more sexual figure role for Stannis than in the books. In the books most everything was loosely implied and there was no 'seduction' of any sort nor was the sex a specific part of their relationship like it's being done in the show. It's one of the few changes from books to show that I really disagree with because I think it has diminished both Stannis and Melisandre's characters in different ways. Melisandre had a very strange mystical aura about her in the book, but in the show she seems more like a seductress and less like a powerful priestess. Seducing Gendry for more shadowbinding magic is just more fabricated sex drama that doesn't come anywhere close to the way GRRM wrote really good sex drama already. Why they try to outdo what's already been written is beyond me with this one. It falls short.What? Melisandre and Stannis have sex for non shadowbaby reasons in the books, in the show they only had sex once. Melisandre notes that Davos's twelve year old son "wants her" I think it's pretty clear that Melisandre knows seduction is a weapon of hers.  She uses a glamor trick on Jon Snow even making herself look like Ygritte for a moment. If I took more than 30 seconds to think about it I could probably think of other instances, doesn't she mention something to Ser Davos when she is smuggled into Storm's End?If Edric Storm was the same age as Gendry in the books, would Mel have not tried a shadow baby? I think yes. She admits that leeches will AND won't work, that sacrificing Edric is the "surer way" .... I'd imagine shadow baby falls in bellow "waking stone dragons" but above "leeches"If you think they're oversexing Melisandre you should go reread the books and see if you still think the same way afterwards.
2687	TheEvilKing	2013-05-07	I can't help but wonder where Gendry will flee to when he's saved by Davos. I know Edric went to Lys, but he was highborn and had knights to go with him and act as his guardians. I can't see the same happening for Gendry.I think he'll end up going with Stannis to the Wall and joining the Night's Watch.
2688	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-07	I think he'll end up going with Stannis to the Wall and joining the Night's Watch.I think that could affect the book plot a little too much. If Gendry joined the NW then surely Jon would find out that Arya had been travelling with him.
2689	Frumpus	2013-05-07	Gendry is never going to be seen again. People need to get over the idea that he has some important part in the future.
The mere fact that he'll announce to the world about Arya's whereabouts would indicate that he's likely not going to survive his encounter with Melisandre. If he does somehow make it to the wall, Stannis, or w/e, then lemons should be thrown at the writers for their inability to catch this crucial mistake.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 07 May 2013 - 12:40 PM.
2690	Mammothsbane	2013-05-07	What? Melisandre and Stannis have sex for non shadowbaby reasons in the books, in the show they only had sex once.Exactly. Melisandre in the books is Stannis' sidepiece. She doesn't fuck anything that might have use for her.Melisandre notes that Davos's twelve year old son "wants her" I think it's pretty clear that Melisandre knows seduction is a weapon of hers.  She uses a glamor trick on Jon Snow even making herself look like Ygritte for a moment. If I took more than 30 seconds to think about it I could probably think of other instances, doesn't she mention something to Ser Davos when she is smuggled into Storm's End?She probably does. That doesn't mean she seduces him. She is always pretty loyal to Stannis, and it's IMO a main reason she can't get it out of her head that Stannis isn't AA. She really likes him, so she's dedicated to making him AA (i.e. glamouring his sword) even when she has nothing to really base it on except her terrible interpretation of her fire readings.If Edric Storm was the same age as Gendry in the books, would Mel have not tried a shadow baby? I think yes. She admits that leeches will AND won't work, that sacrificing Edric is the "surer way" .... I'd imagine shadow baby falls in bellow "waking stone dragons" but above "leeches"If you think they're oversexing Melisandre you should go reread the books and see if you still think the same way afterwards.Why make another shadow baby? What would be the point? The shadow was used to kill Renly and Penrose in the books. Are you suggesting Gendry is going to birth three shadow babies to kill Robb, Balon, and Joffrey? In the books, she wanted to sacrifice Edric to "awake a stone dragon." Literally, awaken a stone dragon. As in, the dragon statues in Dragonstone come to life. Shadow babies have literally nothing to do with Mel's objective regarding Edric in the novel.
2691	Kasrith	2013-05-07	IF he ends up in Essos, do you think he'll end up meeting up with Arya there vs. his storyline in AFFC meeting up and rescuing Brienne? I don't really like this change personally.He could easily end up on the Wall as well... They'll need a blacksmith soon.
2692	FacelessSnow	2013-05-07	So this trailer seems to imply that Gendy and melisandre sleep together. I am really curious how that will play out. Will it be another Shadow baby?http://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/76542686.html?page=3I'm calling trailer Red Herring, like that scene at the Sept of the Seven that people "knew" was a reference to PW this season and ended up being just a tease.  This is going to end up being some ritual part of his sacrifice (maybe Mel needs to sleep with him before burning him idk something I'm sure HBO asked to add) before Stannis barges in and stops her.  No more shadow babies, it just doesn't make any sense and would completely disregard the moral decision Stannis has to make which is how the showrunners have described his arc since day 1.
2693	Khalessi	2013-05-07	[size=4]I'm calling trailer Red Herring, like that scene at the Sept of the Seven that people "knew" was a reference to PW this season and ended up being just a tease.  This is going to end up being some ritual part of his sacrifice (maybe Mel needs to sleep with him before burning him idk something I'm sure HBO asked to add) before Stannis barges in and stops her.  No more shadow babies, it just doesn't make any sense and would completely disregard the moral decision Stannis has to make which is how the showrunners have described his arc since day 1.Yeah, maybe I really hope they don't sleep together pesonally.
2694	boojam	2013-05-07	This will only further fuel my dad's belief that Gendry will sit on the IT with Arya at his side. I am glad to see him have more to do though as I like Gendry and the actor who plays him.I know , I like Joe Dempsie, and he was about to disappear for almost a total of 2 books worth of narrative, and when he comes back , he gone again!I think D&D made the decision to really start trying to solve the problem of Too Many Characters (even if you kill off a dozen!). But then if the Davos story is followed , we get a Gendrey story? That will have to be an invention. But ... it could be fitted with Arya's , tho I can't see him getting into FM loop.We already have the Osha-Rickon story , which by now should of had those characters utterly vanish!But then George is so taken with Natalia Tena that he wants too bring back and have more Osha.I don't know what D&D have in mind.I think they have to do something with Rickon in the visual narrative, by the end of ADwD he probably already has a beard!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 May 2013 - 05:28 PM.
2695	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	My thoughts: 1) Gendry replaces Edric 2) He'll never go back to the BwB, they sold him. 3) there are three possibilities for Gendry: a) Go to the Wall with Stannis (yeah to Jon-Stannis-Gendry scenes) /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> With Davos to White Harbor c) My personal prediction: Gendry is going to wind up in the Vale where he is somehow taking over the role of Mya Stone (One of my predictions for tWoW was that Gendry and other surviving members of the BwB would accompany Brienne to the Vale in search of Sansa; if the show already places him there that would confirm my prediction). I am almost 100% sure that they won't send him to Essos, I never thought that Edric would play a large part in the story and I simply don't see how going east could further his and other storylines. One positive note about this confusing change: we'll probably see Hot Pie again a lot sooner than we had anticipated. He'll take Gendry's place at the Inn with the orphans.Boy, I really like your personal prediction because (1) I would like to see Gendry safe and having at least a substantial place in the story line, and, (2) because I would really, really like to see unCat's influence in the BWB eroded (i.e., Brienne would not be killed and also that Jaime, accompanying her, would not be killed, either.  I'd like to see them rescue Sansa [she's got to reconnect with the Hound - maybe she'll take a much needed retreat on the Quiet Island]  . . . but then, I'm getting ahead of myself and actually talking about what I hope happens in TWOW.  See this was one of my chief complaints about how they made Melisandre into a much more sexual figure role for Stannis than in the books. In the books most everything was loosely implied and there was no 'seduction' of any sort nor was the sex a specific part of their relationship like it's being done in the show. It's one of the few changes from books to show that I really disagree with because I think it has diminished both Stannis and Melisandre's characters in different ways. Melisandre had a very strange mystical aura about her in the book, but in the show she seems more like a seductress and less like a powerful priestess. Seducing Gendry for more shadowbinding magic is just more fabricated sex drama that doesn't come anywhere close to the way GRRM wrote really good sex drama already. Why they try to outdo what's already been written is beyond me with this one. It falls short. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   Plus, the very hint of an idea that Mel would have sex with Gendry is just pure /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />, /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />, and more /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2696	Frumpus	2013-05-07	He could easily end up on the Wall as well... They'll need a blacksmith soon.And I'm sure Jon Snow would love to know how his sister is doing.AKA no, he's not going to the wall unless the writers have jumped the shark.
2697	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	Why make another shadow baby? What would be the point? The shadow was used to kill Renly and Penrose in the books. Are you suggesting Gendry is going to birth three shadow babies to kill Robb, Balon, and Joffrey?No, I'm not suggesting that, the clip and show are. Why does Melisandre have to seduce Gendry to burn him alive? She doesn't. Why does she have to seduce him to leech his blood? She doesn't. Why does she have to seduce him to glamour him? She doesn't. Why does she have to seduce him to make a shadow baby? Because that's shadow baby making mechanics 101. I didn't come up with the rules.Can you think of any other logical reason she needs to seduce him?In the books, she wanted to sacrifice Edric to "awake a stone dragon." Literally, awaken a stone dragon. As in, the dragon statues in Dragonstone come to life. Shadow babies have literally nothing to do with Mel's objective regarding Edric in the novel.Shadow babies didn't have anything to do with Edric in the novels because he was too young, Gendry doesn't have that problem does he?I'm glad you read the books, so did I. I'm sorry you're blinded by the facts that are in them and can't wrap your head around the fact that the show doesn't have the same facts.
2698	Mammothsbane	2013-05-07	No, I'm not suggesting that, the clip and show are. Why does Melisandre have to seduce Gendry to burn him alive? She doesn't. Why does she have to seduce him to leech his blood? She doesn't. Why does she have to seduce him to glamour him? She doesn't. Why does she have to seduce him to make a shadow baby? Because that's shadow baby making mechanics 101. I didn't come up with the rules.Can you think of any other logical reason she needs to seduce him?Gratuitous sex and a complete misinterpretation/misrepresentation of Melisandre's character, for one.Shadow babies didn't have anything to do with Edric in the novels because he was too young, Gendry doesn't have that problem does he?I'm glad you read the books, so did I. I'm sorry you're blinded by the facts that are in them and can't wrap your head around the fact that the show doesn't have the same facts.It has nothing to do with me and facts. So far, there is nothing to suggest that she is going to make shadow babies with Gendry. You brought that point up. I was strictly speaking of having sex with Gendry, which could lead to a shadow baby, but I don't think it will come to that. I just think they're oversexualizing Mel's character. Why have sex with Gendry? Because she can. Maybe she wants information from him, so she seduces him. "Men like to talk about other men when they're happy." Or maybe she's bored. Or maybe she thinks he's hot. Who knows? They've oversexualized her in the show, and I don't particularly care for it because it makes her character more one-dimensional and "generic."You said that the only reason she'll seduce Gendry is to make shadow babies, not me. And, again, there is no real reason to make any more. The leeches plot would work fine without the sex and that is literally what I'm saying. The sex scene just feels like a weird change. It doesn't make any sense to have more shadow babies because of the logistics of sending them to kill the 3 kings wouldn't make any god damn sense considering they're on the other side of the continent. You seem to think that the only reason Mel will have sex with Gendry is to make shadow babies. I don't think that's true, and that is why this change confuses me.
2699	FacelessSnow	2013-05-07	It could be an attempt to make shadow babies which fails and get Mel angry while providing the audience a reason to start doubting her powers.  This plus her jealousy from Thoros's powers could get to to move to an extreme and suggest burning him alive.  Regardless, there will be no more shadow babies except the one that kills Talisa during the RW.
2700	The Monkey	2013-05-07	So Mel bangs Gendry, but doesn't get pregnant, so she decides to burn him? Could work, but why would Gendry fuck the woman who abducted her?
2701	Khalessi	2013-05-07	So Mel bangs Gendry, but doesn't get pregnant, so she decides to burn him? Could work, but why would Gendry fuck the woman who abducted her?Yeah that's one of the biggest problems I have with it. Makes Gendry seem very knieve,since it doesn't look like rape from the commercial but more of a seduction.
2702	FacelessSnow	2013-05-07	Assuming Mel sleeps with Gendry (BIG ASSUMPTION IMO, I still think its a Red Herring something about the angle of the shot makes me doubt what its inferring) let's believe that her intentions arn't nefarious but rather she sees Gendry as a valuable servent to Stannis and the Lord of Light, she seduces him with her stories of how he has powerful kingly blood and something about destiny and bam...seems to parallel another certain Baratheon doesn't it.  Also, if this season really is about Stannis redemption could be a powerful contrast between Gendry's submission to Mel's influence and Stannis finally overcoming it.
Edit: can't emphasis enough how much I hope they don't have Mel sleep with Gendry, but if they are going to do it this is how I think it will play
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 07 May 2013 - 03:58 PM.
2703	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	Yeah that's one of the biggest problems I have with it. Makes Gendry seem very knieve,since it doesn't look like rape from the commercial but more of a seduction.I don't even think it's seduction. I stand by my guess that she will tell him what they need from him, he will say he's just a bastard, and she will talk to him about what Thoros said to her and how it made her realize that R'hllor can use anyone to do his will and it has intensified her desire to serve him faithfully. Then Stannis finds out from her that it's  his nephew and he doesn't want to do it, leading to his line about how everyone must do their duty. He will say it in a conversation with Davos perhaps, when Davos says it's wrong. Davos frees Gendry.
2704	BlueDragon	2013-05-07	Assuming Mel sleeps with Gendry (BIG ASSUMPTION IMO, I still think its a Red Herring something about the angle of the shot makes me doubt what its inferring) let's believe that her intentions arn't nefarious but rather she sees Gendry as a valuable servent to Stannis and the Lord of Light, she seduces him with her stories of how he has powerful kingly blood and something about destiny and bam...seems to parallel another certain Baratheon doesn't it.  Also, if this season really is about Stannis redemption could be a powerful contrast between Gendry's submission to Mel's influence and Stannis finally overcoming it.Edit: can't emphasis enough how much I hope they don't have Mel sleep with Gendry, but if they are going to do it this is how I think it will playthere are many reasons D&D might put them together like thatif m seduces g to do something, whether it is a shadow baby or something else, it will be in line with how the show is writing her character arc.  gendry might not want to, but she has powers other than her sexual attractiveness to back her up.i think the seeming nakedness is a red herring myself.gendry is going to be a fabulous warrior like robert.for those of you who think he is in his mid 20s, no way.  gendry is in his late teens, i'm almost positive.m is going to try to turn g's head about his importance.  that is her way.  i doubt he will buy it, but he is probably going to be forced to do something he really doesn't want whether it is sex with M or something else involving her.they may be interrupted by stannis and/or davosone thing i am sure of, gendry was always meant to play some sort of key role, albeit secondary.those who are accusing us of shipping arya/gendry, it really is there in the books.  i'm more concerned about what is happening to arya's soul through all of this.  it may be that her feelings for gendry whatever they may be are one thing that bring her back from the brink.
2705	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	The leeches plot would work fine without the sex and that is literally what I'm saying.and that litterally makes no sense given how much trouble she had to go through to get Gendry to do a stupid magic trick with leeches.
2706	Stannis 4 Prez	2013-05-07	I think that on the show's arc it's still possible for Gendry to return to the bwb. When Beric dies for good and UnCat takes control we might see him as one of her lieutenants. I say this bc Cat like Gendry is only seen twice and briefly at that since the Red Wedding. They might feel the need to create storylines for her and could lump Gendry in with her and the brotherhood. This allows them to limit storylines and avoid having to create two new ones.
2707	Mammothsbane	2013-05-07	and that litterally makes no sense given how much trouble she had to go through to get Gendry to do a stupid magic trick with leeches.She doesn't want to do the trick with leeches. She wants to burn him. Stannis doesn't want to, and then they do the leeches because it's less severe. Then, later, they plan to burn him and Davos smuggles him out of Dragonstone.AND WHAT THE HELL DOES ANY OF THIS HAVE TO DO WITH HAVING SEX WITH HIM?!I can't even argue this anymore. I don't even know what point you're trying to prove.If Gendry is taking the place of Edric, then Mel doesn't need to have sex with him in any context. Just because Gendry is older than Edric was doesn't mean he has to have sex with Mel.Mel abducts/buys Gendry because he has king's blood from Robert. She wants to sacrifice him to the fire to awaken stone dragons. Stannis is like "lol no. leeches." Leeches happen. 3 kings die. Mel is like "LOL NEED MOAR DRAGONZZ!" and Stannis is like "aight, fine bitch. but you better be right or you're dead as dead." Then, Davos is like "lol no chance, let's bail kid." Gendry is saved.The point being that Mel and Gendry sleeping together is an insult to both Mel and Gendry's characters because it makes no sense in any context.You just keep talking about shadow babies for... no real reason that I can find tbh.I think that on the show's arc it's still possible for Gendry to return to the bwb. When Beric dies for good and UnCat takes control we might see him as one of her lieutenants. I say this bc Cat like Gendry is only seen twice and briefly at that since the Red Wedding. They might feel the need to create storylines for her and could lump Gendry in with her and the brotherhood. This allows them to limit storylines and avoid having to create two new ones.Nah, I don't think so. He got sold to some random witch by these guys who told them they were "brothers." I think he'll go to Essos.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 07 May 2013 - 06:32 PM.
2708	Kasrith	2013-05-07	You said that the only reason she'll seduce Gendry is to make shadow babies, not me. And, again, there is no real reason to make any more. The leeches plot would work fine without the sexI don't understand why he wasn't leeched in the BWB cave... No need to have him hate on the brotherhood, or make them look like that money hungry.
2709	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	Boy, I really like your personal prediction because (1) I would like to see Gendry safe and having at least a substantial place in the story line, and, (2) because I would really, really like to see unCat's influence in the BWB eroded (i.e., Brienne would not be killed and also that Jaime, accompanying her, would not be killed, either.  I'd like to see them rescue Sansa [she's got to reconnect with the Hound - maybe she'll take a much needed retreat on the Quiet Island]  . . . but then, I'm getting ahead of myself and actually talking about what I hope happens in TWOW.  I think that would erode a lot of Feast itself. Take away Cat from BWB and Brienne's chapters in Feast become very pointless.I actually hope Jaime and Brienne both die at the hands of her and that Hound dies (for real).
2710	Mammothsbane	2013-05-07	I don't understand why he wasn't leeched in the BWB cave... No need to have him hate on the brotherhood, or make them look like that money hungry.Because Mel doesn't want to leech him. She wants to burn him.
2711	Kasrith	2013-05-07	Because Mel doesn't want to leech him. She wants to burn him.I know, but for the sake of time/energy/plot confusion, they could have skipped that and gotten the blood for three kings.Once she showed up with the cage, it made sense that they have more important use for him long enough, I can see either Essos or the Eyrie.
2712	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-07	I actually take all this to mean that Gendry's role in the series isn't very important.The show made the choice not to introduce the three children at Dragonstone - Edric Storm, Shireen and Devan - at the same time as they introduced Stannis and his court, presumably in an effort to keep the number of new castmembers down.They now need a king's bastard that Mellisandre threatens to burn, because Davos needs to free him and give Stannis a speech about his royal obligations to get Stannis up to the Wall to defeat Mance.If Gendry can replace Edric for that purpose, that suggests that whatever narrative purpose Gendry was serving in the books as smith for the BwB isn't relevant to any major plot point.This.Especially because Gendry surely wouldn't want to go back to the brotherhood after they sold him down the river?I can only assume that once Davos rescues him instead of going across the narrow sea, he finds his way back to his AFFC plot point but without the connection the brotherhood, ie just looking after some orphans at the the inn?With nothing on where Edric storm actually went its difficult to speculate if he'll affect the plot at all.Is it possible Mel may burn him-instead of the Florent to get to the wall? Hmmm..
2713	A Stark in Salem	2013-05-07	I actually take all this to mean that Gendry's role in the series isn't very important.The show made the choice not to introduce the three children at Dragonstone - Edric Storm, Shireen and Devan - at the same time as they introduced Stannis and his court, presumably in an effort to keep the number of new castmembers down.They now need a king's bastard that Mellisandre threatens to burn, because Davos needs to free him and give Stannis a speech about his royal obligations to get Stannis up to the Wall to defeat Mance.If Gendry can replace Edric for that purpose, that suggests that whatever narrative purpose Gendry was serving in the books as smith for the BwB isn't relevant to any major plot point.I think this is likely the show's thinking too. Gendry as convenient and semi-plausible stand-in. I like Mel's interactions with everyone involved, esp. davos though I'm pretty sure none on that was in the books. Nice to see Arya getting to do more with weapons, though she'd never even bend that bow at all. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I hate to say it, tbut the actress (to me) is so beautiful that I really give almost everything Mellisandre does a pass. In the books I pretty well hated her up until late in Dance with Dragons. Show's how easily men are swayed by a pretty face (and body)!
2714	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-08	HA
fact.
2715	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-05-09	I think something completely different is going to happen.
Mel has taken Gendry, I think after a bit of soul searching and taunting from Arya (in ep 8 as GRRM is writing the next one) the BWB will realise they shouldn't have given him up and take him back off Mel after which he will stay with them. Mel will be left with leeches containing Gendry's blood. Perhaps she will put leeches on him to store some kings blood before he is burned for other spells.
Davos might save a florent or other man from burning or they may have him return to favour some other way, maybe before Mel gets back to emphasise to the viewers that she is the problem.
2716	Faithmemory	2013-05-10	I loved the sound of Ser Gendry of Hallowhill in the books -__- I dont know what to make out of this change in his character.
					
					
							Edited by Faithmemory, 10 May 2013 - 11:24 AM.
2717	Caryn Stark	2013-05-10	I don't think Gendry would be a good king. He doesn't have the education for it, nor the leadership experience. Sorry.
I can't really say how I feel about this change. I wasn't a fan of how it turned the BwB into failed Robin Hoods. As far as Gendry, I shall reserve judgement until the storyline progresses.
2718	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-05-11	Personally, I want Gendry to end up at the Wall.
He could fill in as Satin for Jon Snow up until Stannis and Melisandre show up.
Gendry tries to hide from them and tells Jon all about the things they do i.e sacrificing people with kingsblood.
Then Jon sends him, Sam, Gilly, Mance's baby and Aemon down South to protect them. 
Gendry and Arya can either meet or have a close encounter at Braavos.
2719	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-11	She doesn't want to do the trick with leeches. She wants to burn him. Stannis doesn't want to, and then they do the leeches because it's less severe. Then, later, they plan to burn him and Davos smuggles him out of Dragonstone."I want Joffrey dead, I want Robb Stark dead", make me another son" .... no one is arguing that Melisandre doesn't want to burn him, everyone can see that from the synopsizes of the future episodes but her leeches trick is stupid. Melisandre admits herself that it won't work as well as burning him and waking dragons. Shadow baby is more powerful than leeches.AND WHAT THE HELL DOES ANY OF THIS HAVE TO DO WITH HAVING SEX WITH HIM?!Calm down. Now, or I'm done discussing this with you. Calm down. All I have to do is take your statement and change the word leeches to shadow babies and I've just created a better argument than you. Watch."She doesn't want to do the trick with" shadow babies. "She wants to burn him. Stannis doesn't want to[burn him], and then they[Mel and Gendry] do the" shadow babies" because it's less severe. Then, later, they plan to burn him and Davos smuggles him out of Dragonstone."I can't even argue this anymore. I don't even know what point you're trying to prove.1. Shadow babies with Gendry2. No leeches trick used < shadow babies3. Plan B burn himAll I'm trying to do is prepare you for what looks like is going to happen. If you don't want to keep an open mind about it don't get mad if it plays out that way.If Gendry is taking the place of Edric, then Mel doesn't need to have sex with him in any context. Just because Gendry is older than Edric was doesn't mean he has to have sex with Mel.That if, then statement makes no sense. Gendry IS taking Edric's place obviously but that doesn't necessarily mean that Mel doesn't have sex with him. Just because they're naked together doesn't mean that they have to have sex either, it just probably makes it more likely would you not agree?Mel abducts/buys Gendry because he has king's blood from Robert. She wants to sacrifice him to the fire to awaken stone dragons. Stannis is like "lol no. leeches." Leeches happen. 3 kings die. Mel is like "LOL NEED MOAR DRAGONZZ!" and Stannis is like "aight, fine bitch. but you better be right or you're dead as dead." Then, Davos is like "lol no chance, let's bail kid." Gendry is saved.Three kings will not die this season. Which means you just brought up another point that doesn't support leeches. Showing 2/3 King's die this season means that there would be no surprise when the 3rd king dies.Stannis suggests leeches are you sure there's no a "surer" way available that Stannis has already said he wanted to do?The point being that Mel and Gendry sleeping together is an insult to both Mel and Gendry's characters because it makes no sense in any context. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />You just keep talking about shadow babies for... no real reason that I can find tbh.I been talking about shadow babies since before this season began. Actually I posted that Melisandre meeting the BwB was a way for them to get rid of The Ghost of High Heart and Edric Storm (100% correct on that) so I suppose I gotta keep my bets where they are until they happen or don't(Ros=Dontos).If you can't see the evidence, then there's no point in trying to explain it. There's linked pictures with Mel and Gendry talking to eachother without clothes on, there's a conversation where Stannis wants to kill Robb and Joffrey with shadow babies, there's the undeniable fact that a shadow baby is a better way to kill someone than king's blood from a leech, there's Gendry's smirk at Anguy's comment... etc.Where is the evidence that Melisandre won't use Gendry for a shadow baby? I don't think I've seen any. All I see are opinions and trying to say that Gendry is going to  play out the same way Edric did in the books.In a few days there will probably be even more evidence that "shadow babies" might happen that you can ignore. Get ready.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 11 May 2013 - 11:12 AM.
2720	Cas Stark	2013-05-11	Now I am really confused.  So, the theory is that Mel is going to have sex with Gendry and make shadow babies.  What will these shadow babies do?  Are they going to kill Robb and Joff and Balon? or some other people?  Or will the shadow baby sex fail somehow?
2721	chimere	2013-05-11	Spoiler I saw a screen shot of Mel and Gendry looking... intimate on another website, so yeah, shadow babies. Maybe Gendry doesn't go all the way through with it though, in the screen shot it just showed them looking like they are about to kiss while he had no shirt on. At first I was mad at the thought but now I'm more interested to see how it plays out.
2722	HopeForSpring	2013-05-12	Spoiler I saw a screen shot of Mel and Gendry looking... intimate on another website, so yeah, shadow babies. Maybe Gendry doesn't go all the way through with it though, in the screen shot it just showed them looking like they are about to kiss while he had no shirt on. At first I was mad at the thought but now I'm more interested to see how it plays out. 

	Spoiler  I think I saw the same one but it appeared crazy photoshopped to me... 
So I'm with the just leaches again camp. But always prepared to be wrong.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 12 May 2013 - 03:20 PM.
2723	rondo has three heads	2013-05-19	So is Gendry becoming Edric or is Edric becoming Gendry?
2724	master of the unsullied	2013-05-15	Roose Bolton is Robb's bannerman, and Robb has made clear he wants Jaime back. Lord Bolton seems like a dignified, honourable guy loyal to Robb so why doesn't he inform him that he has the Kingslayer?! It seems on the surface that he is apologising to Jaime for having his hand cut off but surely Robb would cut off Bolton's head if he found out that he had released the kingslayer. Perhaps Bolton has some underlying motivation to turn his cloak but I doubt it- he's a northman after all. Could someone please explain this to me- or perhaps it will be explained next episode.
Thanks
2725	Xray the Enforcer	2013-05-16	This will be explained in a later episode. Going to lock this thread, though, because there are enough careless fuckwits posting on this site that I don't trust them to not spoil you even though you clearly said "no spoilers" in your thread title. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2726	Dove	2013-05-04	Welp, thanks for summarizing ASOIAF for us, Ramsay.Figured I'd make a Theon thread before the episode airs since this seems to be one of the most talked about storylines, probably because even us readers don't already have a clear idea of what exactly is going to happen.Looks like we're due for a father-son Bolton creepstravaganza tomorrow night and our weekly dose of pathos with Theon Greyjoy.Boy howdy does Iwan Rheon do some damn good crazy-eyes. (And I think one of my favorite things about this bit of casting is that Ramsay's been dubbed Barry the Bastard by so many people since his name hasn't been mentioned.)I can only hope the bastard's identity will be revealed this episode, but I'm not sure it'll happen for the reasons others have mentioned already - namely, to make the Bolton family treachery more surprising. I'm not so sure that all this hush-hush regarding Ramsay's name or Theon's whereabouts is necessary, and it's apparently making this arc very aimless and hit-or-miss for a lot of people, but I'll reserve my complaints until we see how the reveal is handled.Television's obviously a different medium and they have to handle their twists and foreshadowing differently - but do you think it would telegraph the RW too heavily if Ramsay is revealed and the question of Winterfell is answered a couple of episodes in advance? How do you feel about the way the storyline has been handled to this point?-----A quick addendum/reminder in the OP since I'm really tired of seeing posts deleted, mods having to threaten bans, good posters driven away, and now related threads closed (most recently the Roose thread in E05) because people can't seem to catch a hint even after an official word on the matter - per the rules, the fetishization or glorification of rape and/or an abusive relationship (or posting links to something that does these things/fanfiction in general), whether you're being ~funny~ or not, is not allowed on these boards.
2727	YTDN	2013-05-04	I think they'll reveal that the boy is in fact Bolton's bastard, to coincide with the greater significance of Roose Bolton (since this will be the first 'big scene' he's had). However, I think the reveal of who burned Winterfell will be saved for a later episode.
2728	BananaSpice	2013-05-04	I kind of feel like they should at least reveal in episode 6 that Ramsay is the one who burned down Winterfell ... like, even if they don't reveal his name / who he is / that he is related to Roose.
I dunno, I kind of wish that they would just explain who he is and have Roose Bolton act "surprised / pissed off" that his bastard is running amok or something. I think that would make it less confusing without necessarily implecating Roose.
I have a lot of non-book-readers in my family who ask "Am I supposed to know who is torturing Theon?" and I'm like "Um, I don't think so ... they are keeping it secret for some reason. Just keep watching, I guess!"
I mean, if the payout turns out to be really effective, then I'm 100% ok with that they are doing, but ... I dunno, I guess they are trying to emulate the secretiveness / confusion about Reek/Ramsay from ACOK.
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 04 May 2013 - 07:33 AM.
2729	Spring Snow	2013-05-04	It's easy for me to say I've liked it so far since I've read the books and thus already know what's going on, and Theon is a favorite character, but I can imagine how confusing it would be for a casual viewer.
In the books the Boltons were telegraphed in advance even before Jaime's release, as early as ACoK or even AGoT if you pay heed to Robb's observations. From Roose in Harrenhal to the behavior of Ramsay in the North, we knew something was wrong far in advance, but the Red Wedding was still an incredibly visceral shock for most people. Part of what made it so shocking was that we saw the warning signs but ignored or overlooked them out of willful optimism. That kind of foreshadowing is very powerful if done well.
Considering we know this story is circular for now and ultimately doesn't really progress beyond Theon becoming Reek before probably mid to late season four or even season five they're going to have to come up with something interesting if with they want to feature Alfie Allen and Iwan Rheon in six or more episodes a year. Kyra and the escape attempt? Lady Hornwood? Something all new? It will make the constant misery and torment more watchable if there's some kind of story arc in sight, but it's going to be a careful balancing act for the writers to keep this part of Theon's story compelling and not simply repetitive.
2730	lostinasia	2013-05-04	I have a lot of non-book-readers in my family who ask "Am I supposed to know who is torturing Theon?" and I'm like "Um, I don't think so ... they are keeping it secret for some reason. Just keep watching, I guess!"I'm confused by how they've handled this: it's the same thing with the burning of Winterfell. I'm still not sure if that's even supposed to be a mystery in the show, or if we're supposed to assume Theon's men did it, or if we're not supposed to care, or what. It wouldn't have been that hard to have Bran ask "Who did this?" when they emerged from the crypts, or for Theon to ask "Who ARE you?" Usually with the TV show I at least know what they're trying to do, even if I don't think they really pull it off (Qhorin setting up Jon to infiltrate the Wildling camp), but with the bits around Ramsay, I'm not sure what they're attempting.A Kyra escape attempt would likely seem too much repetition, but maybe they'll include that anyway.
2731	Sun	2013-05-04	I think revealing Boy as Ramsay would give away RW. I hope they leave it till episode 10.
2732	YTDN	2013-05-04	Theon did ask 'where am i? who are you?' in his first scene this season. I think it's meant to be a mystery what's going on with Theon, along with what exactly happened at Winterfell.
Part of this seems to be because of the exclusion of the Ramsay/Reek storyline in Season 2. In Clash, Ramsay was established as a character with different aims from his father, and an outlaw in the North, so him burning down Winterfell did not immediatly put suspicion on Roose Bolton. Here though, Roose vouches for his Bastard and Ramsay is given Robb's blessing in taking back Winterfell, so if they revealed him burning Winterfell it would make Roose a suspect. I think they could have executed the sack of Winterfell better, but I see why they did it.
If you listen carefully you can already see some suspicion on Ramsay, since in episode 2 Roose reports that when Ramsay got to Winterfell the Ironborn were gone and had burned the place down, but we know from Season 2 that Ramsay's forces laid siege to Winterfell, and it was burnt after the Ironborn decided to betray Theon and go home.
2733	Dove	2013-05-04	All the confusion and disorientation is good for establishing Ramsay's knack for mind games, if nothing else. It makes it seem like they're keeping the core of the character but taking him in a cleverer, more psychological direction - he shows the occasional bit of cunning in the books, mainly in his identity swap in the second book and his mind games, but then it's pretty much 100% All Dumb-Ass Short Sighted Brute All The Time.Even if Rheon doesn't match the physical description of Ramsay in the books (I think the only person who could is a bulky, waay uglied up Michael Pitt or something similar, really) he's pretty well-equipped to play a manipulative sadist with a short fuse.If you listen carefully you can already see some suspicion on Ramsay, since in episode 2 Roose reports that when Ramsay got to Winterfell the Ironborn were gone and had burned the place down, but we know from Season 2 that Ramsay's forces laid siege to Winterfell, and it was burnt after the Ironborn decided to betray Theon and go home.Conflicting with that information, Luwin name-dropped secret tunnels that apparently lead out of Winterfell when he's talking to Theon about taking the black. Most of my friends just assumed that the Ironborn burned the castle and then fled through there. (of course, they don't seem to realize that Theon possibly didn't get the chance to tell his men about the tunnels before he got knocked out!)I don't know, because of all the clues that directly contradict one another I just don't see how someone could be expected to figure it out without book knowledge at this point in time. The payoff should be pretty good, though, once everything's revealed.
2734	Newstar	2013-05-04	Welp, thanks for summarizing ASOIAF for us, Ramsay.Haw! Basically. The series in a nutshell.Looks like we're due for a father-son Bolton creepstravaganza tomorrow night and our weekly dose of pathos with Theon Greyjoy.That's what I was thinking. Slowly but surely, Roose is creeping to the forefront, and it looks like (from the hints in the recap and preview for 3x06) that Ramsay/Theon is going to be a fairly prominent storyline.Even if Rheon doesn't match the physical description of Ramsay in the books (I think the only person who could is a bulky, waay uglied up Michael Pitt or something similar, really) he's pretty well-equipped to play a manipulative sadist with a short fuse.It's true that Iwan Rheon doesn't match the physical description of Ramsay (he's way too small and too good-looking), but there are a fair number of actors on this show who don't match the physical descriptions in the books who've proven themselves utterly perfect for the roles (in my opinion). You've got fair(ish)-haired, short Joe Dempsie playing the tall, black-haired, burly Gendry; Alfie Allen playing dark-haired, conventionally handsome Theon; lean, aristocratically handsome Iain Glen playing plain, powerfully built Jorah; fair-haired, gorgeous Sean Bean playing the dark-haired, plain Ned Stark; and of course Peter Dinklage playing Tyrion.I'd probably add Michael McElhatton (Roose) to that list as well. He doesn't map on to my image of Book Roose, but I'm really enjoying him in the role.Boy howdy does Iwan Rheon do some damn good crazy-eyes.Indeed he does. When rumours were flying around about Iwan Rheon being cast for Ramsay, I was all "Ohhhhhh, that's perfect."(And I think one of my favorite things about this bit of casting is that Ramsay's been dubbed Barry the Bastard by so many people since his name hasn't been mentioned.)Hee. "Save me, Barry!"
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 04 May 2013 - 09:12 AM.
2735	Dove	2013-05-04	It's true that Iwan Rheon doesn't match the physical description of Ramsay (he's way too small and too good-looking), but there are a fair number of actors on this show who don't match the physical descriptions in the books who've proven themselves utterly perfect for the roles (in my opinion). You've got fair(ish)-haired, short Joe Dempsie playing the tall, black-haired, burly Gendry; Alfie Allen playing dark-haired, conventionally handsome Theon; lean, aristocratically handsome Iain Glen playing plain, powerfully built Jorah; fair-haired, gorgeous Sean Bean playing the dark-haired, plain Ned Stark; and of course Peter Dinklage playing Tyrion.I'd probably add Michael McElhatton (Roose) to that list as well. He doesn't map on to my image of Book Roose, but I'm really enjoying him in the role.What cracks me up about Rheon's appearance in the show is that they went the extra mile to give him black-black hair... and didn't really do that for most of the Baratheons. Hahaha. Either way acting chops are definitely 100% more important than perfectly matching the book description for sure, especially if it means possibly getting a more interesting character as a result.Rheon's prettiness could go a long way in making Ramsay a more subtle and insidious kind of villain, and having it be even more disturbing when he goes all feral. I love the hell out of his weird-ass faces. Another cool thing is that he and McElhatton actually bear a lot of resemblance to each other.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 04 May 2013 - 09:32 AM.
2736	Talbot	2013-05-04	I like the storyline, and hope they drag it for at least the rest of the season. I'm patient with it because I know where it's heading, and this will establish Ramsay as a psychotic bad guy to replace Joffrey when he bites it.
2737	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	Haw! Basically. The series in a nutshell.Hee. "Save me, Barry!"I'm glad to see what the 'Save me, Barry!' thing is all about, finally!  Kept seeing it on fanpics and had no clue what people were talking about!And yes, I agree with the following post--Roose and Ramsay do resemble one another, could easily be father and son in rel life!  Excellent casting, all around.
2738	go joff go	2013-05-04	Definitely think it would telegraph Bolton treachery to reveal him at this point b/c like someone metioned Roose got a letter from him already and I think the TV viewer would have trouble believing his son deliberately misled him.  I think it would be better for it to go like the book abd Roose after the fact tell us that he did not approve of Ramsey action.  Plus it gives Roose that great scene in ADWD where he sort of says that he almost had no choice but to betray Robb, b/c of things that happened out of his control.  I loved that scene and think it would be a great scene on TV.  I think one of the things the show has done better then the book, whether one likes the change or not, is to set up a motivation for a character to do what they do.  Not to rehash a lot of debates but I think people have latched on to what are some really flimsy book motivations and sort of romanticizing them instead of saying yeah this didn't make sense.  For me show actions make sense.  and the ones that done i.e. Starks overall nietivity are pretty much the same b/t the two mediums.
2739	Dove	2013-05-04	I'm glad to see what the 'Save me, Barry!' thing is all about, finally!  Kept seeing it on fanpics and had no clue what people were talking about!Haha, yeah, I don't browse fanart but the "Barry" thing has to be a reference to Iwan Rheon's character Simon, from Misfits. The loudmouth jackass of the group thought Simon's name was Barry for the longest time & demands to be saved once or twice. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2740	Mammothsbane	2013-05-04	I think revealing Boy as Ramsay would give away RW. I hope they leave it till episode 10.More than likely they'll tie them together.
	Spoiler While Roose is all "Jaime Lannister sends his regards," Ramsay will reveal he is Ramsay and detail the burning of Winterfell for shits and giggles
2741	go joff go	2013-05-04	I think the reveal will be in episode 10.  I don't know if its true but I read ramsey is supposed to be in 3 more episodes which makes me think one of them won't be episode nine.  I feel like they will Ramsy will reveal to theon that his father killed Robb and in revealing that reveal who he is.
2742	The Monkey	2013-05-04	Maybe have Ramsay Snow introduce himself as Roose's bastard son, but make it clear that his father doesn't agree to everything he's doing, lest Roose Bolton's betrayal at the RW loose its shock value. Maybe have him tell the story of his companion Reek, and how is father forced him get rid of the dude, so he wants Theon become the new Reek.
2743	Arrogant Bastard	2013-05-04	It could be revealed right before the Red Wedding occurs, if they keep the scene of Roose presenting Catelyn with Theons flayed skin. Very creepy but effective scene. Maybe it foreshadows his betrayal too much, though in the books it's known from ACOK on that Roose and Ramsay are nasty people, and the RW still shocks the hell out of most people.
Plus, Roose's loyalty to Robb will already be in doubt to new viewers when he releases Jaime this episode.
2744	Winter's Prince	2013-05-04	Its not that hard whether your a reader of the books or not to know that it was indeed Ramsay/Boy who burned down Winterfell.
1. 500 men had Winterfell surrounded
2. Theon had less than ten men 
3. There is no way Dagmer set the castle ablaze when he expected to walk out and take the "deal"
5. Roose gave Robb the news from Winterfell in episode two of this season. Robb then told Cat that after the Bastard of Bolton arrived the castle was already burned and ruin, and Rickon, Bran, and Theon were gone.
So all evidence points to the Boy. And I'm sure that when he does reveal himself he'll tell Theon that his Ironborn friends are dead.
And one last thing, I'm sure that when Roose arrives at the Twins to meet Robb he'll present him with the "skin"
2745	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-04	I cant wait to see more of Ramsay, this next episode looks a cracker!
2746	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-04	Yeah I think the Ramsay reveal will happen early in ep 9, and while people are wondering 'wtf I thought the Boltons were Robb's men' you get slammed with the RW.
Hate the casting, crazy eyes or not. The eyes aren't supposed to be crazy, they're supposed to be dead. He's supposed to look like the child of Beauty & the Beast.
And what's with the sort of breaking down the 4th wall with the 'happy ending' speech? Who is he, Sam Gamgee?
					
					
							Edited by Vegeta_Greyjoy, 04 May 2013 - 03:55 PM.
2747	Dragonstoned	2013-05-04	And what's with the sort of breaking down the 4th wall with the 'happy ending' speech? Who is he, Sam Gamgee?Didn't you find it a nice nod to the nature of the series?The fourth wall isn't sacred and it's already faced assaults from reports of Tyrion losing his nose, the Meerenese knot etc..
2748	mystikherb	2013-05-04	I think revealing Boy as Ramsay would give away RW. I hope they leave it till episode 10.Not necessarily.  Just because Roose Bolton's son is a real bastard doesn't really mean he approves of what his son does (in fact the opposite can be said).  I think they could reveal it now and play it off like his actions are completely his own and has nothing to do with with what Roose Bolton wants or is trying to achieve.
2749	go joff go	2013-05-04	Yeah but noone would believe that, so I don't think it would work.  MAybe if they didn't have the scene where he gets a letter from his son they could do it.  But that ship has sailed.
2750	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-04	I think they should reveal that he is the Bastard of Bolton ASAP. To be honest, it's not that big of a reveal. There has only been a couple of mentions to him, and not nearly enough that it would make the audience collectively shit themselves. The reveal of who burned Winterfell should come towards the end of the season, hopefully in the scene right before the Red Wedding.
2751	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	I think they should reveal that he is the Bastard of Bolton ASAP. To be honest, it's not that big of a reveal. There has only been a couple of mentions to him, and not nearly enough that it would make the audience collectively shit themselves. The reveal of who burned Winterfell should come towards the end of the season, hopefully in the scene right before the Red Wedding.Totally agree.  I feel the 'who's torturing Theon' build-up is being way over-sold by this point.  Enough already.  When its revealed that its Bolton's Bastard, I think most viewers will be like 'well, duh, no shit, Sherlock!  What was the big secret all this time?  The only Big Shocker Reveal would be if it wasn't Ramsay, since everybody pretty much guessed his identity long ago.  LOL, its like you wheel in a gift-wrapped present for your kid--its shaped like a bicycle, has the outline of a bicycle, couldn't logically be anything but a bicycle, and then you spend weeks not letting the kid unwrap it, constantly banging on about 'you gotta guess!  Guess what it is!  Its a big surprise, guess!'  And then at last comes the Big Reveal-- ta, daaa...  its..... a bicycle!  Enough, show, name him, already. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
2752	Dove	2013-05-04	The thing about the Bastard reveal is that it's a much bigger deal in ACOK because Ramsay's deeds had been built up over the course of the entire book  - the women, Lady Hornwood, creepy 'ol Reek, etc. (but even then a lot of people still forgot or didn't know what happened at the end, haha) He also seemed like he could be working independently of his father. If you did take all that stuff in and remember it, though, it was a definite "oh shit" moment after all that build-up and it raised a lot of questions about motivations, both his and his father's.In the show, we've only had Roose vaguely mention a bastard when he vouches for him and we know nothing about him/what kind of person he is so it seems like that's what's making people think the treachery will be too obvious if he's revealed. We only have Roose's word, and since Ramsay hasn't had any other build-up I think a lot will instantly assume he's working with Roose since he's a non-entity of a character at this point.More than likely they'll tie them together.
	Spoiler While Roose is all "Jaime Lannister sends his regards," Ramsay will reveal he is Ramsay and detail the burning of Winterfell for shits and giggles
You mean, like, the scenes occurring simultaneously? That's an interesting idea, but I'm not sure I like it at all. The RW is such a Huge Deal, I don't really like the idea of interrupting it for such an underwhelming revelatory scene like that. I think if there's any cut-aways once all hell breaks loose at the Twins it's really going to reduce the strength of it."Guess what, I'm... the person who it's sorta obvious that I've been this whole time muaahahahaha"  god ramsay chill it w/ the attention hogging
2753	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	In the show, we've only had Roose vaguely mention a bastard when he vouches for him and we know nothing about him/what kind of person he is so it seems like that's what's making people think the treachery will be too obvious if he's revealed. We only have Roose's word, and since Ramsay hasn't had any other build-up I think a lot will instantly assume he's working with Roose since he's a non-entity of a character at this point.Um, yes, we've all read the books.  A dozen times or so, some of us.  We get it, Books=one thing, Show=a Different Thing.  Got it..  My point was, though, that for many non-bookies, show-onlys, the show's prolonnnnnged teasing of ... gasp, who is torturing Theon????  Who could it be????    lost its lustre some while back.  (The gift-wrapped package looks exactly like a bicycle, and guess what, yep, its a bicycle!)  The show-runners have (very cleverly and well done in some instances) invented bits of dialogue and/or bits of scenes to guide viewers toward this or that interpretation, and they can do it here, as well.  A few sentences from Roose that he's not sure what the hell his bastard's up to lately, or whatever, effectively distances him from Ramsay's goings-on with Theon.  There are any number of ways to reveal what everybody already knows anyway (Ramsay is torturing Theon)  without foreshadowing Roose's involvement with the RW. I'm not trying to be argumentative, truly--I don't do that.  But I'm seeing that even episode reviewers and the Unsullied (show-only) at TWoP have reached the 'now I'm just annoyed' level with the Big Secret of Who's Torturing Theon.  Time to move along, show.  Captain Obvious is obvious.
2754	go joff go	2013-05-04	^  How would you know though, you a book reader.  You aren't really in the position to make that  judgement.  I don't mean to single you out but I think that is one of my pet peeves.  Bookreaders taking the info they know and making statment that the show doesn't need to do "X" (i.e. show Joffrey beating whores) b/c we already know "Y" (he is a sadistic person).  I beg to diffe, and thinkr that show watchers don't know these things, anywhere near to the extent book readers realize.
And using TWOP as a litmus test is not the way to go.
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 04 May 2013 - 09:47 PM.
2755	lostinasia	2013-05-04	My point was, though, that for many non-bookies, show-onlys, the show's prolonnnnnged teasing of ... gasp, who is torturing Theon????  Who could it be????	lost its lustre some while back. ... But I'm seeing that even episode reviewers and the Unsullied (show-only) at TWoP have reached the 'now I'm just annoyed' level with the Big Secret of Who's Torturing Theon.But this is what's confusing me about what the show is trying to do: are they trying to present this as a mystery? My mother's watching the show pretty carefully, and I asked her who's torturing Theon, and her reaction was basically the one that appeared earlier in this thread: "Hm, I don't think I know. Are we supposed to know? Oh, is that another mystery? Or did I just miss it?" She assumes it's just a plot point she's vaguely forgotten, like she has no clue what "that slaver city the blonde princess burned down" is called. There is no mystery for her, and if the show is trying to convey a mystery, it's failed for a large number of viewers. (Ditto the burning of Winterfell.) To use your own bicycle metaphor: the reveal is going to be more like somebody wheeling out a bicycle, saying "Surprise! You get a bicycle! Did you guess the present was a bicycle? Did you understand my hints?", when it's not Christmas and it's not her birthday and the kid had no idea a present was even coming, so how on earth could she guess it was specifically a bike.
2756	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	^  How would you know though, you a book reader.  You aren't really in the position to make that  judgement.  I don't mean to single you out but I think that is one of my pet peeves.  Bookreaders taking the info they know and making statment that the show doesn't need to do "X" (i.e. show Joffrey beating whores) b/c we already know "Y" (he is a sadistic person).  I beg to diffe, and thinkr that show watchers don't know these things, anywhere near to the extent book readers realize.And using TWOP as a litmus test is not the way to go.Suggest you take a walk over to WiC and read through the non-bookies reviewers reviews regarding the 'who is torturing Theon' issue.  The way to go.
2757	Ordos	2013-05-05	Since Theon is appearing in 6 episodes and epidode 6 will be the 4th, here is my prediction: Boy and Theon are absent from episode 7, appear again in episode 8 when Boy finally reveals his identity at the end of the episode (by then it won't be an early giveaway but buildup to something big happening in episode 9), are absent in episode 9 and appear in episode 10 where I have ZERO clue as to what sense of closure or what kind of cliffhanger thy will give (referring to Ramsay and Theon).
2758	Dove	2013-05-05	where I have ZERO clue as to what sense of closure or what kind of cliffhanger thy will give (referring to Ramsay and Theon).This is another good point. Where do you guys think they're going with this arc in S4 with three episodes left? Theon breaking and becoming "Reek"? Something else?I'm not trying to be argumentative, truly--I don't do that.  But I'm seeing that even episode reviewers and the Unsullied (show-only) at TWoP have reached the 'now I'm just annoyed' level with the Big Secret of Who's Torturing Theon.  Time to move along, show.  Captain Obvious is obvious.Not sure what you're arguing since that's what I'm saying though?? Without any buildup to his character besides Roose's mention, at this point it's either going to be underwhelming or a big red flag, or both, but I can't say which since it's hard to truly separate book/show knowledge.And yeah, online Unsullied that talk about the show on websites like TWoP and WiC.net and stuff are a very vocal minority, and most of their communities are full of bookwalkers and shit anyway - the vast majority of casual viewers honestly seem to have no fucking clue, and like lostinasia mentioned, were confused about whether they should even have a clue or not.
2759	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-05	I've been watching reviews online and most tv viewers have no clue who 'Boy' is. One shouldn't conflate the careful analysis of viewers on twop with regular tv viewers. Almost everyone on twop expects Robb to die this season but for the majority of tv viewers it will be a big surprise.
As a book reader, I like how they've handled Theon's arc. The scene where he said that he lost his real father in KL was great, and Ramsay seems to be more interesting than his book counterpart. That said, bit worried they will retreat old ground in episode 6 or give the game away too early. It's a fine line to tread.
2760	Dove	2013-05-05	Theon's monologue about Ned and how he'd make the wrong decisions was very touching, but it's kind of interesting timing. In the books it took Theon until the Prince of Winterfell chapter, I think, or maybe even later to come to a similar conclusion - you have to wonder if/why they're front-loading his character development like that and if it will have ramifications.
I'm probably just over-thinking it and they just did it as a way to build sympathy and pity before Theon's real hell starts. Just going by comments here, even a lot of book readers didn't give a shit about his torture until his "My my real father lost his head in King's Landing," line.
2761	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-05-05	I think revealing Boy as Ramsay would give away RW. I hope they leave it till episode 10.Why? The people who haven't read the books, will think he's doing this to Theon as payback for Winterfell. Theon basically took control of Winterfell, he's not a good guy right now in the eyes of the fans.Why would Ramsay torturing him, hint at the RW?
2762	Sun	2013-05-05	Why? The people who haven't read the books, will think he's doing this to Theon as payback for Winterfell. Theon basically took control of Winterfell, he's not a good guy right now in the eyes of the fans.Why would Ramsay torturing him, hint at the RW?It would tell us that it was Ramsay that burned Winterfell, since we know from last season that Winterfell was whole when the Iron Islanders struck a deal to surrender Theon.It would also mean that the letter sent to Robb was a lie, since Ramsay has had Theon all along.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 04:47 AM.
2763	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	I'm probably just over-thinking it and they just did it as a way to build sympathy and pity before Theon's real hell starts. Just going by comments here, even a lot of book readers didn't give a shit about his torture until his "My my real father lost his head in King's Landing," line.It irks me that people only start sympathizing with Theon when he says something nice about the Starks. Goddamn Stark-centric non-readers...(shakes fist and grumbles)
2764	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-05	I'm hoping they reveal that they are at the Dreadfort so we can see the Dreadfort on the map in the intro. That will make 15 places so far.
2765	Dove	2013-05-05	I would love the hell out of seeing the Dreadfort on the map. I'm not sure what I want more: for it to be as transparently, cartoonishly evil-looking as a castle named THE DREADFORT should be or for it to be an unremarkable, even cheerful lookin' place.It irks me that people only start sympathizing with Theon when he says something nice about the Starks. Goddamn Stark-centric non-readers...(shakes fist and grumbles)Haha, right? Well, I guess D&D knows their audience, slipping that line in there. It's a pet peeve with me too, and it seems like it's not even just non-readers.A man mutilated, broken, and tortured into insanity? NOPE SCUM DESERVED IT. But he said something nice about Ned first? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />e: wait I'm not sure if either of them wrote that episode actually, don't remember who did. oh well, same sentiment
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 05 May 2013 - 05:51 AM.
2766	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	They need to do the reveal either just before or just after the RW. They definitely can't leave it over until next season... but if they wait until late this season people may disconnect from what is going on due to being in a state of confusion for too long.
2767	Effie	2013-05-05	I think if we see a bit more of Roose this episode maybe with his banner behind him or someone mentions what a lovely image his house sigil is, it'll be quite obvious, or is that just me? I noticed the close-up to his sigil in the first or second episode this season, and then there was a cut to Theon at the cross-thingy and I figured that already gave it away... (but that's me knowing who he is, so obviously I was wrong)
2768	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-05	The first time we hear of Theon after his final POV chapter in Winterfell is when Roose presents Cat with a gift and says his bastard is flaying him one finger at a time. This wouldn't be a huge shock moment in the show so they are more than likely going to reveal him earlier. 
Also Asha appears in this series so I'm guessing she goes to Winterfell and sees the bodies of the Iron Born or that something doesn't add up.
2769	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-05	I think there's a good chance Ramsay will be revealed tonight; or at the very least, non-readers will start to draw parallels with Roose. Look at this screencap:
	Spoiler http://cs314822.vk.m...B7YVrnmzA2Y.jpg
If that slouch doesn't scream villain, I don't know what does...
2770	drstrangelove	2013-05-05	This is another good point. Where do you guys think they're going with this arc in S4 with three episodes left? Theon breaking and becoming "Reek"? Something else?Not sure what you're arguing since that's what I'm saying though?? Without any buildup to his character besides Roose's mention, at this point it's either going to be underwhelming or a big red flag, or both, but I can't say which since it's hard to truly separate book/show knowledge.And yeah, online Unsullied that talk about the show on websites like TWoP and WiC.net and stuff are a very vocal minority, and most of their communities are full of bookwalkers and shit anyway - the vast majority of casual viewers honestly seem to have no fucking clue, and like lostinasia mentioned, were confused about whether they should even have a clue or not.Unless you hang on to every word of the series (which the book readers do) you really have no idea who boy is. The people I watch it with barely know who Roose Bolton is.  The only two things is when Roose tells Robb hell send his bastard to retake winterfell and that some one calls him bastard. I don't think that anyone who watches the show once would even remember Roose from season one or have any clue who boy is.  The only way it will work really if he revealed himself at theRW
2771	Dove	2013-05-05	If that slouch doesn't scream villain, I don't know what does...Is it that wide-shot of the Theon on the cross and Ramsay reclining in the chair? (after the first couple of leaked pictures i've been avoiding the rest since there's apparently a Big Deal one or something /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />)If so I agree, and that was a well-crafted shot too. And with him and Roose both having prominent scenes tonight, it seems like the perfect opportunity to reveal him. Up to this point we've seen the real Ramsay for like, five seconds tops, but it looks like he's in full-on Absolute Creepy Fucker mode tonight. Should be interesting.I'm both looking forward to and dreading every one of these scenes though ugghhThe thing about Theon's arc in ADWD is that we caught him on the up-and-up, so to speak (even if our introduction to him was eating a rat in the dark through broken teeth) and we didn't have to see him being broken as it was happening. Instead of experiencing it "real-time" we connected the dots and caught a glimpse of the horror of his existence to that point through his internal monologue and flashbacks - but, obviously they can't do this on the show. I'm really curious about how they're going to keep Theon and Ramsay in the show throughout this period without making this storyline profoundly off-putting to the point of being unwatchable - not to mention repetitive and slow, as some have mentioned, since we know it's not really "progressing" until, like, probably late S4-S5.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 05 May 2013 - 08:08 AM.
2772	drstrangelove	2013-05-05	I watch with 3 friends none of whom are book readers. They know that there is something hyped called the RW and probably something crazy happens there. To this point the audience has no idea about edmure and frey marriage. They are very focuses on the sansa plot and the Jeffrey wedding because the press has hinted that something happens during a wedding.  For what its worth they are trying to juggle to many arcs st once and its hurting the flow. Now since I read the series I know whats going on, but to my friends that havent its very difficult with Robb starks arc, and IDing Ramsey, or picking up on intricacies with Roose. Hell has bran even been in the show for more than a minute.  
What they better not foul up is the Robb/will scene.  The whole Karstark thing was so rushed.
Did anyone else notice in the little recap bit they give away exactly where there going every episode. 
							Edited by drstrangelove, 05 May 2013 - 08:19 AM.
2773	wolverine	2013-05-05	I watch with 3 friends none of whom are book readers. They know that there is something hyped called the RW and probably something crazy happens there. To this point the audience has no idea about edmure and frey marriage. They are very focuses on the sansa plot and the Jeffrey wedding because the press has hinted that something happens during a wedding.  For what its worth they are trying to juggle to many arcs st once and its hurting the flow. Now since I read the series I know whats going on, but to my friends that havent its very difficult with Robb starks arc, and IDing Ramsey, or picking up on intricacies with Roose. Hell has bran even been in the show for more than a minute.  What they better not foul up is the Robb/will scene.  The whole Karstark thing was so rushed.Did anyone else notice in the little recap bit they give away exactly where there going every episode.I thought that was the point on shows like this?  It refreshes the viewers memory about the arcs they are about to see.
2774	Jslay427	2013-05-05	They will have Ramsay and Roose in a scene together where Ramsay kneels before Roose and says "father". Basicially the only way I see it happening without confusing all the show viewers.
2775	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-05	They will have Ramsay and Roose in a scene together where Ramsay kneels before Roose and says "father". Basicially the only way I see it happening without confusing all the show viewers.Maybe not tonight as Roose is at Harrenhal and Ramsay is way up north in the dreadfort
2776	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	They need to do the reveal either just before or just after the RW. They definitely can't leave it over until next season... but if they wait until late this season people may disconnect from what is going on due to being in a state of confusion for too long.Well Ramsay sending daddy bolton a peice of theon's skin for him to show Robb presents a nice opportunity.
2777	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I think revealing Boy as Ramsay would give away RW. I hope they leave it till episode 10.Revealing him as Ramsay isn't too much of a giveaway, since Robb ordered Ramsay to go get Theon and to make sure he was alive for Robb to deal with himself. What they need to keep quiet is the Winterfell burning
2778	Kasrith	2013-05-05	Didn't you find it a nice nod to the nature of the series?The fourth wall isn't sacred and it's already faced assaults from reports of Tyrion losing his nose, the Meerenese knot etc.. I love that this season, there were so many of those nods
2779	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I'm hoping they reveal that they are at the Dreadfort so we can see the Dreadfort on the map in the intro. That will make 15 places so far.I don't think Dreadfort will make it on there this season, they just added Yunkai and Twins are coming up
2780	drstrangelove	2013-05-05	I thought that was the point on shows like this?  It refreshes the viewers memory about the arcs they are about to see.I guess the one specific thing was before last episode, where they show Ned questioning jorah's "honor" to the small council. Then they have a scene were jorah talks about the small council. I guess I just never expected them to go that far back with the recap.
2781	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-05	I don't think Dreadfort will make it on there this season, they just added Yunkai and Twins are coming upYeah, they could replace Winterfell with it but that would be fairly pointless as Winterfell will be back in play again once the Boltons take it as well as the fact that it's still kind of linked with Bran's storyline at present (along with all the Stark's really)I doubt we'll ever see a Dreadfort pop-up on the credits simply because even in the books it's never really relevant despite a minor storyline being there on the show.They're just building the Bolton's up as characters to hate, and people will despise Roose soon enough and are probably just more or less confused by Ramsay - although Theon's monologue probably went a long way in terms of creating some empathy for most viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Esero the Forest Scion, 05 May 2013 - 10:49 AM.
2782	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-05	I guess the one specific thing was before last episode, where they show Ned questioning jorah's "honor" to the small council. Then they have a scene were jorah talks about the small council. I guess I just never expected them to go that far back with the recap.As well as in episode one where the "recap" showed Ser Barristan being dismissed.
2783	franko99	2013-05-05	Is it that wide-shot of the Theon on the cross and Ramsay reclining in the chair? (after the first couple of leaked pictures i've been avoiding the rest since there's apparently a Big Deal one or something /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />)I've seen there was a big fuss in WiC and twitter, I don't mind spoilers, where can I find those leaked pics? lol
2784	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	In the spoiler-y pics, the shape of the cross is really emphasized and the Bolton sigil is obvious in the background of the Jaime/Roose conversation. They're dropping hints, at least. If they don't reveal it soon, I will be surprised.http://i.imgur.com/kY7Eybph.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/eg2B12Oh.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/1Kq7Gw6h.jpg
Look at how obvious that thing is!
2785	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-05	I think they should reveal that he is the Bastard of Bolton ASAP. To be honest, it's not that big of a reveal. There has only been a couple of mentions to him, and not nearly enough that it would make the audience collectively shit themselves. The reveal of who burned Winterfell should come towards the end of the season, hopefully in the scene right before the Red Wedding.Didn't Theon admit to burning Winterfell down in show canon?
2786	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Didn't Theon admit to burning Winterfell down in show canon?Weeeelll, yes and no. He said "and now I've burned everything down." Which could be a reference to the saying "burned bridges" rather than "I burned Winterfell." PLUS when he was knocked out, we saw the bag being put on his head, which was removed in his first appearance this season.So mostly no.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 05 May 2013 - 12:24 PM.
2787	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-05	I don't think Dreadfort will make it on there this season, they just added Yunkai and Twins are coming upI don't see why not. Every episode includes: Winterfell, The Wall, King's Landing, Dany location (whether she is in the episode or not) Pentos/Vaes Dothrak/ Qarth/ Astapor/ Yunkai. In season one they introduced The Eyrie and The Twins (briefly) and in season two Harrenhal, Pyke and Dragonstone. Interestingly, they ignored Dragonstone in later episodes, even in Valar Morghulis, in which Dragonstone actually appeared. So, I reckon if they reveal The Dreadfort in the show it'll appear in the map.
2788	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-05	How could Theon have burned down Winterfell? He was knocked out cold and handed over to the Boltons.
2789	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-05	Weeeelll, yes and no. He said "and now I've burned everything down." Which could be a reference to the saying "burned bridges" rather than "I burned Winterfell." PLUS when he was knocked out, we saw the bag being put on his head, which was removed in his first appearance this season.So mostly no.True. I did think it seemed a bit...unlikely. But, "and now I've burned it everything down" is a very odd line in that context.
2790	go joff go	2013-05-05	^  I think the writers were just doing one of those figurative sayings that are actually literal (in theon's case unknowingly).
2791	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Reinforcement of the burned bridges use of the term is that "Boy" says "not everything." If they meant literal burning, his response would just be stating the obvious (of course Theon didn't burn the whole world)
2792	Maester Murks	2013-05-05	Does anyone else think the quote in the thread title is something book Ramsay would never say?
2793	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	I don't see anything out of character with it.
2794	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Ramsey is usually more blunt to Theon about his role but I don't think it's out of character at all.
2795	teemo	2013-05-05	Iwan Reon is just too hot.  It's not fair to make Ramsay so attractive.
2796	Maester Murks	2013-05-05	IRamsey is usually more blunt to Theon about his role but I don't think it's out of character at all.He's more blunt about Theon's role, but less blunt about the torture itself. He doesn't say "lol, i will torture you again" like in the show quote, but rather "Don't make me torture you again", "Be a good reek, so i don't have to take more fingers".I just think he's less openly cruel (with words), but always pretending to be...stern?, which is of course just a mind game. But maybe that's only later, when Theon is already broken. Maybe I need to reread.
2797	Tooms	2013-05-05	Revealing him as Ramsay isn't too much of a giveaway, since Robb ordered Ramsay to go get Theon and to make sure he was alive for Robb to deal with himself. What they need to keep quiet is the Winterfell burningThis ...When non-readers ask me who has Theon, I just point out that they already know from the events in season 2... I'm like, well who was sent to get him? It's a no brainer...But I like the way the show has done it ... GRRM loves basically telling you things without openly telling you, he wants you to pay attention to put it together yourself. So when the reveal comes you partly feel like a fool for not knowing.
2798	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	IHe's more blunt about Theon's role, but less blunt about the torture itself. He doesn't say "lol, i will torture you again" like in the show quote, but rather "Don't make me torture you again", "Be a good reek, so i don't have to take more fingers".I just think he's less openly cruel (with words), but always pretending to be...stern?, which is of course just a mind game. But maybe that's only later, when Theon is already broken. Maybe I need to reread.Theon probably says something insinuating release in the future and Ramsey is telling him, nope you're my little plaything now. Nothing out of character, Ramsay says as much to him in the books.
2799	Maester Murks	2013-05-05	Theon probably says something insinuating release in the future and Ramsey is telling him, nope you're my little plaything now. Nothing out of character, Ramsay says as much to him in the books.I guess I'll have to wait how the full scene plays out. You could very well be right about the context.It didn't really bother me much or strike me as out of character. I just think ramsay is more like "be happy to be my reek, bwahaha" than "no happy ending for you, sorry"Concerning the reveal:I agree with the people saying that it probably doesn't give that much away to the casual viewer. I guess it depends much more on HOW the reveal is done then WHEN it's done.
2800	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	Its not obvious at all what's going on. Both my boyfriend and my roommate have no idea who's got Theon and why they have him. They have theories but it's basically the trap "boy" set for the viewers that. A. his family has him captured B. a rogue group is looking for information about the sack of winterfell. or C. a group is being PAID by his family to get info about what really happened at winterfell.
Neither of which is truth. perhaps #2 but even so its far from obvious what's going on which is exactly how Theon feels.
And i dont feel like pointing out what happened last season since we didnt quite get past season 1 before the premiere. lol
Of course after watching all the episodes over again in order. it's pretty vague but somewhat understandable who has Theon. However because Ramsay has not admitted he HAS theon, makes it all the more intriguing.
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 05 May 2013 - 06:18 PM.
2801	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	And i dont feel like pointing out what happened last season since we didnt quite get past season 1 before the premiere. lolSo wait they're watching Season 3 without having seen Season 2 and are confused?
2802	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	So wait they're watching Season 3 without having seen Season 2 and are confused? no they dont remember season 2. last we watched it was last year
2803	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	no they dont remember season 2. last we watched it was last yearYeah that's the problem. You need to remember that Theon is under siege in Winterfell before getting clocked on the head by the Ironmen, and you need to remember that Robb tells Roose all Ironborn besides Theon will be spared (Motivation for them to betray him) and that Roose sends his bastard to recapture Winterfell and bring Theon to justice. It's all there. Just like in the books, you're given all the information but not spoonfed it. When you figure out what happens, you can look back and say oh shit how did I not notice this?!This is how events should play out. The only person to blame for not knowing what's going on is yourself, for not paying enough attention or not caring enough. It's not a writing issue. I like that the show isn't dumbed down to cater entirely to casual viewers, and I mean absolutely no offense to your boyfriend and roommate - but I would guess they're casual viewers. They can figure out things as they play out on screen while the more devoted fan base can piece it all together quite easily from the information that's given.
2804	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	DAFUT: lol yea thats exactly right! And when my boyfriend asked me specific questions i just told him I think it's supposed to be a mystery unless you can figure it out. 
But for my roommate, she never really pays attention to anything but Dany parts and even then she doesnt pay attention to details. (any she only say each episode once) not a million times like me lol. and so she has no idea who's who and what is really going on, she only likes Dany's parts and is a believer that she will sit the Iron throne.
But she took interest in Boy during the rescue and has been starry eyed ever since. so i told her who he was, but it meant nothing to her. LOL
she said "is there a wife to go with that one?" and i chuckled and said yes. "i wanna play that part!" she's so silly.
2805	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	DAFUT: lol yea thats exactly right! And when my boyfriend asked me specific questions i just told him I think it's supposed to be a mystery unless you can figure it out.But for my roommate, she never really pays attention to anything but Dany parts and even then she doesnt pay attention to details. (any she only say each episode once) not a million times like me lol. and so she has no idea who's who and what is really going on, she only likes Dany's parts and is a believer that she will sit the Iron throne.But she took interest in Boy during the rescue and has been starry eyed ever since. so i told her who he was, but it meant nothing to her. LOLshe said "is there a wife to go with that one?" and i chuckled and said yes. "i wanna play that part!" she's so silly.She will have plenty of time to change her mind lol.
2806	teemo	2013-05-05	It's so difficult for viewers to take a break for that long and actually remember what's going on, especially in the more "minor" storylines.
2807	Caryn Stark	2013-05-05	Wow, I cannot believe how much of the flaying they are actually showing us. So Theon has 9 fingers... Whoa. That was seriously intense. The "Boy" casting is brilliant. He scares me to death.
2808	-Ghost-	2013-05-05	Daaamn Ramsay is craaazy! That little sick bastard, lol
2809	Nezzer	2013-05-05	OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG THAT WAS PERFECT
CUT IT OFF CUT IT OFF YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAHH
I am almost crying with joy /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
2810	Javi Marcos	2013-05-05	Kudos to Iwan Rheon.
2811	swoosh stark	2013-05-05	was i the only one who thought that ramsay`s line to theon about happy endings was basically george martin saying that to the viewer?
2812	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG THAT WAS PERFECTCUT IT OFF CUT IT OFF YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAHHI am almost crying with joy /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Be still, dear, you're scaring the kids.
2813	Zman1863	2013-05-05	It was another excruciatingly and unnecessarily long Theon scene. It's too much time spent on stuff that happened off screen. They could cut Theon's scenes to half of what they've shown and keep a mystery of who his torturer is alive and then have the big reveal that its a Bolton.
2814	Nezzer	2013-05-05	Be still, dear, you're scaring the kids.HehIt was another excruciatingly and unnecessarily long Theon scene. It's too much time spent on stuff that happened off screen. They could cut Theon's scenes to half of what they've shown and keep a mystery of who his torturer is alive and then have the big reveal that its a Bolton.Oh c'mon! Where are my fellow Bolton loyalists who enjoy seeing torture as much as I? This was my favorite scene this season so far /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2815	Fredwin	2013-05-05	If Ramsay Snow continues to be a major antagonist in the final 2-5 novels, these scenes would have been necessary...
2816	oakenhelm	2013-05-05	It was another excruciatingly and unnecessarily long Theon scene. It's too much time spent on stuff that happened off screen. They could cut Theon's scenes to half of what they've shown and keep a mystery of who his torturer is alive and then have the big reveal that its a Bolton.+1000 Torture porn IMOI just don't see the appeal here, but evidently others do so I won't take a dump on it. I would prefer to leave much of this to the imagination
2817	NedFlanderStark	2013-05-05	All five of the non-book readers I watch with each week hated Theon when the season started.  They all agree he doesn't deserve what's happening to him at this point and it's only going to get worse.  Alfie Allen & Iwan Rheon are both killing it in their roles - I don't get why book readers don't appreciate getting the visualization of these scenes we only read about through memories in the book
2818	So1ar	2013-05-05	+1000Torture porn IMOI just don't see the appeal here, but evidently others do so I won't take a dump on it.I would prefer to leave much of this to the imaginationTo play devils advocate, we kind of have to see this on some level. It can't just cut to Theon two seasons from now and show us that he's broken. For television we need to see what caused it. It doesn't have to happen every episode, we just need to see the start of it. And then several episodes from now they can cut to Theon and we can see how broken he has became because we'll know what's been happening to him every day for months. Personally, I really liked the scene. Not to mention Ramsay was blowing the horn to wake him up, the same horn that drove him crazy from season 2.
2819	Bastard of Boston	2013-05-05	Anyone else noticing how much Ramsay sounds like Gollum? It's so hilariously appropriate. Casting gold.
2820	go joff go	2013-05-05	^ I can't get over how much he looks like a hobbit.  I really liked the scene especially the part where he starts going who am I, where am I, why am I doing this.  I could just feel non-book readers nodding there heads, yes why.  To me that scene is a perfect example of why many book readers can't appropriately analyze the show.  They just can't separate that they already know what happens and that viewing the scene is a totally different experience for show only people
2821	Chuck88	2013-05-05	This was absolutely, disgustingly perfect. Sure it's a very extreme scene, but it's a very extreme story and Ramsay is a very extreme character. Bear in mind this is undoubtedly the most evil character in the whole asoiaf universe.
More next week as well
2822	CincyBastard	2013-05-05	^ I can't get over how much he looks like a hobbit.  I really liked the scene especially the part where he starts going who am I, where am I, why am I doing this.  I could just feel non-book readers nodding there heads, yes why.  To me that scene is a perfect example of why many book readers can't appropriately analyze the show.  They just can't separate that they already know what happens and that viewing the scene is a totally different experience for show only peopleOMG THANK YOU. Someone finally understands there is a difference between telling a story through television and through a book.
2823	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-05	Absolute and utter perfection. Iwan Rheon was a bit of casting genius on D & D's part. He was at turns terrifying and mesmerizing. Even though I knew what was going to happen I was still on the edge of my seat. Alfie Allen was also killing it in this scene. I've never felt for a character as much as this. I feel so bad for him, especially knowing that the pain and misery is far from over.
2824	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	I LOVED THE HORN BLOWING OH MY GOD THAT WAS GENIUS
2825	jarl the climber	2013-05-05	+1000Torture porn IMOI just don't see the appeal here, but evidently others do so I won't take a dump on it.I would prefer to leave much of this to the imaginationYes I agree. These sorts of scene have been done to death in so many other shows, there is nothing shocking about it anymore other than that its not shocking anymore. I'd have rather had Theons fate be in question for the next 2 seasons, like it was in the books. Still they need to give him some screen time to keep him around so we get stuck with this.
2826	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Yes I agree. These sorts of scene have been done to death in so many other shows, there is nothing shocking about it anymore other than that its not shocking anymore. I'd have rather had Theons fate be in question for the next 2 seasons, like it was in the books. Still they need to give him some screen time to keep him around so we get stuck with this.You're still not understanding that having characters disappear for 3 years and then come back is terrible for television. People barely remember what happened to Theon at the end of Season 2 which is why so few non readers know who the hell is torturing him.There's no internal monologue on TV. We can't just see Theon 3 years later completely broken and feel the same sympathy for him that we get from reading his inner thoughts. It just doesn't work. We need to see it happen.
2827	Chuck88	2013-05-05	You're still not understanding that having characters disappear for 3 years and then come back is terrible for television. People barely remember what happened to Theon at the end of Season 2 which is why so few non readers know who the hell is torturing him.There's no internal monologue on TV. We can't just see Theon 3 years later completely broken and feel the same sympathy for him that we get from reading his inner thoughts. It just doesn't work. We need to see it happen.Agreed. Not to mention, these scenes aren't just about developing Theon's character.
					
					
							Edited by Chuck88, 05 May 2013 - 10:45 PM.
2828	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	You're still not understanding that having characters disappear for 3 years and then come back is terrible for television. People barely remember what happened to Theon at the end of Season 2 which is why so few non readers know who the hell is torturing him.There's no internal monologue on TV. We can't just see Theon 3 years later completely broken and feel the same sympathy for him that we get from reading his inner thoughts. It just doesn't work. We need to see it happen.Yeah, we really do have to look at it from the point of view of people who don't think about, discuss, and read about this show for more than an hour or two a week. I saw in the unsullied reaction thread that there were people who completely forgot that Joffrey is a disgusting little monster. It seems gratuitous to us because everything's very clear to us and we have an idea where things are going. If they want to appeal to the broadest audience (knowing that the book readers will probably be loyal unless they just COMPLETELY mess up), certain things need to be spelled out more. Like LF's less subtle villainy. It'd feel too out of left field for the non readers to just have him show up in two seasons and be this mastermind behind (very nearly) everything.
2829	Nezzer	2013-05-05	Agreed. Not to mention, these scenes aren't just about developing Theon's character. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2830	Nezzer	2013-05-05	Oh, and the video is up:https://www.youtube....h?v=ZTr48iZa8h0Tell me again how Iwan Rheon wasn't a good Ramsay /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2831	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?" LOL for some reason that made me laugh really hard. Probably because he sounded young in my opinion. I also like that the actors delivery of his lines is subtly off. It's hard to describe but the flow of his words don't match what you predict them to be. And the way he was blinking when he was saying Theon was right was pretty creepy. The dude's just flat-out weird.
2832	Oakenfist	2013-05-05	Oh, and the video is up:https://www.youtube....h?v=ZTr48iZa8h0Tell me again how Iwan Rheon wasn't a good Ramsay /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I just made the connection that Ramsay is blowing a horn to wake up Theon. And Theon hated that thing last season when the Bolton army surrounded Winterfell.
2833	Zar Lannister	2013-05-05	I really liked that I felt I was mindgame when Ramsay started lying to him; for a second I was like WTF KARSTARK WTH IS THIS SHOW DOING, and then Ramsay speaks up and says: "You never asked me if I was a liar."
2834	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	"I'm a better hunter than you"
Does that mean they will keep Kyra and Theon escape?
2835	go joff go	2013-05-05	One intersting thing about the scene is that at the end Ramsey says "Everything I told you was a lie"  I wonder if that means "if you think this has a happy ending you haven't been paying attention" is actually a lie and it does have a happy ending.
2836	Arrogant Bastard	2013-05-05	"I'm a better hunter than you"Does that mean they will keep Kyra and Theon escape?Doubtful, since Kyra was never a character on the show to my knowledge, though they could replace her with some random girl or something.Looks like we're getting more of this storyline next episode; I wonder if George wrote the scene or it was moved to the episode and written by David and Dan.These scenes are pretty effective, and somewhat necessary in that Alfie Allen can't just disappear for an entire two seasons, but I wonder at what point they have to cut off this storyline. Remember, season 4 is the 2nd half of ASOS; I doubt they can do another whole season of Ramsay torturing Theon and make it compelling in any way.
2837	go joff go	2013-05-05	WEll the preview for next week makes it looks like we might get the scene everyone debates about.
2838	Bolton's Bastard	2013-05-05	HehOh c'mon! Where are my fellow Bolton loyalists who enjoy seeing torture as much as I? This was my favorite scene this season so far /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />The scene could have been twice as long and I wouldn't have complained. Loved it. I was looking forward to Ramsay more than any other character and when I found out he wasn't in S2 I was pretty upset. Glad to see he's finally in his full glory...
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 05 May 2013 - 11:41 PM.
2839	Garlan Marius	2013-05-05	WEll the preview for next week makes it looks like we might get the scene everyone debates about.I don't know if I can stomach seeing it.
2840	Gilius_Thunderhead	2013-05-05	Maybe is just my book reader perspective that i can't turn off, but what really annoyed me a little was how ignorant Theon seems to be in identifying places and people of the North, i mean, in the previous episodes he was easily taken back to the same place where he was being held captive, apparently not knowing where he was in the first place, then the guy torturing him flays his little finger, i know that its not the most "in your face" clue and he was under absurd stress, but i think he would have enough knowledge to, at least guess, he was in dread-fort and being held by Boltons. I know that it would probably spoil the whole mystery for the narrative that the show is trying to create, but since this strategy is being questioned here, i think is a valid point.Maybe Theon just didn't paid enough attention in Luwins's classes. ^ I can't get over how much he looks like a hobbit. Heh..i can imagined him dancing and tapping his feet over a wooden table, singing about torturing and flaying, the black sheep of the shire!I LOVED THE HORN BLOWING OH MY GOD THAT WAS GENIUSMe too, great reference to a great moment in season 2.I'm really fearful for the next episode, i think its going to be nasty, gets me shaking just to imagine.
2841	Bolton's Bastard	2013-05-05	That's exactly what I was thinking; like come on Theon, you grew up in the North and fought (I'm assuming) in the midst of Dreadfort men while you were still under Robb's wing. Put two and two together why don'tcha.
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 05 May 2013 - 11:51 PM.
2842	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Lol it's obvious he's been starved and dehydrated. He didn't even recognize the sound of the horn he was so intent on smashing. The horn that was blowing ALL NIGHT IN ONE OF THE LOWEST POINTS OF HIS LIFE. And I get the feeling Theon ditched class to have sex with Ros many many times. I don't know, I find it believable that he doesn't put it together where he is.
Is it safe to assume most of us live in cities or at least areas with a lot of good recognizable landmarks? Because if so, I think we forget that the distances shown on maps is actually REALLY HUGE and that there are many paths to get from one place to another. Even if he'd been allowed much travel (doubtful, given that he was effectively a hostage), all Ramsay had to do was keep off the beaten path and there are countless other routes to take. Trees, grass and streams are not the best landmarks after being relieved of constant torture.
2843	Ordos	2013-05-05	About asking if he is a liar: then the game will just go in circles! Theon makes a few wrong guesses, then guesses right and then guesses that he is a liar and the whole thing starts all over again! A few guesses, you eventually guess right and then you're a liar and we're back to square one!
2844	congokong	2013-05-06	This Theon stuff has been terrible. Week after week of screaming. Just take him out for two seasons. Jesus.
2845	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	Ahaha, it was mesmerizing and horrifying and I was giggling like a deranged schoolgirl. I'm picturing Ramsay just chilling outside of Winterfell with his feet propped up, sipping wine and blowing that horn sporadically.
GAH the Expressions. Both Theon and Ramsay. Holy crap! Ramsay's such an enchanting monster in this--something about his eyes and face pull you in, but he's scaaaaary. Love his voice. 
I think they're going to make him more clever and subtle in the TV version than the film version, as a compare/contrast to Joffrey's stupider cruelty. It's the next level up--Joffrey is psychotic, but he's pretty dumb. Ramsay could be even nastier...but holy crap he's smart too. Taking a lot of time (relatively speaking) to introduce Ramsay has me wondering how much he'll appear in the rest of the series. Maybe he outlives Roose, as a sort of evil cockroach character who just will not friggin' die.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 06 May 2013 - 12:28 AM.
2846	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-06	Prediction:When Theon correctly identifies Ramsay for who he is Theon will call him "The Bastard of Bolton". This will then send Ramsay into a monstrous rage and he'll commit extreme violence upon him, maybe even the "debated incident".I don't think this will happen until the end of the season because the audience needs to be caught off guard in regards to the depths of House Bolton's treachery during the Red Wedding. I think the bastard reveal will happen during the same episode as the RW.
2847	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	Prediction:When Theon correctly identifies Ramsay for who he is Theon will call him "The Bastard of Bolton". This will then send Ramsay into a monstrous rage and he'll commit extreme violence upon him, maybe even the "debated incident".Dude, I like that. Because at the moment Ramsay's having the time of his life, totally in control. It will be interesting to see he has an actual berserk button (and make audiences realize why he shot the "bastard" goon point-blank.).
2848	Ordos	2013-05-06	Theon is set to appear in only two more episodes and it looks like from the preview of episode 7 that he will appear in Episode 7. So what I'm wondering is which of the remaining 3 episodes is it? 8, 9 or 10?
2849	Angmar	2013-05-06	Seeing these scenes week after week is so emotionally stressful. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> Oh Theon... /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />  (i just love Theon 'kay)
Otoh, Iwan is a pretty good Ramsay. He gives off the mind-player aspect of the character well enough. I like his crazy eye effect too. /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
					
					
							Edited by Angmar, 06 May 2013 - 01:01 AM.
2850	Damon_Tor	2013-05-06	I'm confused by how they've handled this: it's the same thing with the burning of Winterfell. I'm still not sure if that's even supposed to be a mystery in the show, or if we're supposed to assume Theon's men did it, or if we're not supposed to care, or what. It wouldn't have been that hard to have Bran ask "Who did this?" when they emerged from the crypts, or for Theon to ask "Who ARE you?" Usually with the TV show I at least know what they're trying to do, even if I don't think they really pull it off (Qhorin setting up Jon to infiltrate the Wildling camp), but with the bits around Ramsay, I'm not sure what they're attempting.A Kyra escape attempt would likely seem too much repetition, but maybe they'll include that anyway.I presume they are trying to recover the suprise and confusion of the Reek = Ramsay reveal from the novels that they skipped over, and drive it into us that this guy is a masterful deciever.
2851	kephv	2013-05-06	Good call on the horn to those who remembered<U+0080><U+0094>I completely forgot. Perhaps that was foreshadowing when Theon said he'd kill whoever was blowing it.
2852	Dysun	2013-05-06	This Theon stuff has been terrible. Week after week of screaming. Just take him out for two seasons. Jesus.Completely disagree, I look forward to it every episode. Alfie Allen is awesome as usual and Iwan Rheon is just getting warmed up with crazy Ramsay, I'm digging it
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 06 May 2013 - 01:27 AM.
2853	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	I just love the happy way he said "I win!"
2854	Typhaon	2013-05-06	* reposting
					
					
							Edited by Typhaon, 06 May 2013 - 02:12 AM.
2855	Typhaon	2013-05-06	Theon did ask 'where am i? who are you?' in his first scene this season. I think it's meant to be a mystery what's going on with Theon, along with what exactly happened at Winterfell.Part of this seems to be because of the exclusion of the Ramsay/Reek storyline in Season 2. In Clash, Ramsay was established as a character with different aims from his father, and an outlaw in the North, so him burning down Winterfell did not immediatly put suspicion on Roose Bolton. Here though, Roose vouches for his Bastard and Ramsay is given Robb's blessing in taking back Winterfell, so if they revealed him burning Winterfell it would make Roose a suspect. I think they could have executed the sack of Winterfell better, but I see why they did it.If you listen carefully you can already see some suspicion on Ramsay, since in episode 2 Roose reports that when Ramsay got to Winterfell the Ironborn were gone and had burned the place down, but we know from Season 2 that Ramsay's forces laid siege to Winterfell, and it was burnt after the Ironborn decided to betray Theon and go home.The TV show has given viewers a lot of hints - some nicely hidden and others pretty blatant - that the Boltons are up to no good... but I think for a while, TV-only people just saw Roose as "some random general of Robb's that probably isn't saying or doing anything all that important."If you put 2 and 2 together, I think it could've been figured that the Bolton Bastard burned Winterfell -- before season 3 even started.  I definitely saw non-book readers that didn't quite understand what happened... or thought it didn't make sense... but then the whole event was just kind of forgotten, as more pressing plotlines developed.
2856	the hound of sansa	2013-05-06	i have a teeny minor complain about ramsay. iwan has The most mesmerizing eyes, that can't be seen properly because he is always in the dark. that takes away some of his psychotic character
2857	Ramsay Blow	2013-05-06	I loved every second of the Ramsay scene tonight. Easily the highlight of a rather slow episode.  I can also see them revealing Ramsay at the same episode of the RW(as mentioned).  Makes sense for tv.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Blow, 06 May 2013 - 02:39 AM.
2858	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	I think they should have put this story on hold, it's not working.  I'm sure Alfie Allen would have come back in future seasons, he's read the books and knows the deal.
2859	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I think they should have put this story on hold, it's not working.  I'm sure Alfie Allen would have come back in future seasons, he's read the books and knows the deal.How can you be sure of that? Alfie has shown himself to be a brilliant actor, they needed to get him locked down to a contract. And besides, I think his scenes have been fine. And they'll need a ready established villain after Joffrey dies.
2860	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	Think about it.  Stannis has at least two seasons of material left to be in a position to get Theon in a different place.  Three whole seasons of torture?  At best it will fall flat, at worst it will be very disturbing, off-putting, and gratuitous.  Don't get me wrong, Reek's chapters were the best in Dance in my eyes.  But I don't think it necessarily translates well on screen, and having more of it is not the answer.  
I really think Alfie Allen would come back, and I don't think they need to force material just to keep him around.  It's like cutting off your pinky to spite your thumb, to make a terrible analogy.
					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 06 May 2013 - 03:03 AM.
2861	lannistergold	2013-05-06	Is it wrong that I laughed at the horn-blowing at the start of this scene? More evidence that TV!Ramsay > Book!Ramsay.
Otherwise, yeah, brutal scene. This plot line is progressing at about the rate I expected - which is probably too fast considering how early it was brought in. I have a feeling that they're going to leave out much of his transformation into Reek. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
2862	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-05-06	I think they'll reveal that the boy is in fact Bolton's bastard, to coincide with the greater significance of Roose Bolton (since this will be the first 'big scene' he's had). However, I think the reveal of who burned Winterfell will be saved for a later episode.When "Boy" told Theon that he was not Torrhen Karstark's brother, the camera zoomed out from their faces and showed the cross on which Theon is hanging very prominently. That serves no story telling purpose other than to draw the viewer's attention in a not very subtle way to the similarity between the torturing cross and the Bolton sigils / flags that were already featured so prominently in several episodes of this season.So I wouldn't expect the "reveal" to be much of a plot twist at all any more, at this point.
2863	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-05-06	I have a feeling that they're going to leave out much of his transformation into Reek. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />And that would be just as well. Book!Reek is only such a morbidly interesting character because the novels let you read his internal monologue. That is not going to work for the TV show. You can't just have TV!Reek constantly mutter to himself like some deranged Gollum. TV!Reek will have to be a different kind of character and his weirdness will have to be something that translates well to the screen.For example TV!Reek could be more of a Wormtongue type guy who looks sickly, has a hunched / bent over posture and follows Ramsay around everywhere. The positive aspects of his character then have to be revealed through dialogue with sympathetic characters like "Arya" or other hostages.
2864	StarkTagaryen	2013-05-06	I'm confused by how they've handled this: it's the same thing with the burning of Winterfell. I'm still not sure if that's even supposed to be a mystery in the show, or if we're supposed to assume Theon's men did it, or if we're not supposed to care, or what. It wouldn't have been that hard to have Bran ask "Who did this?" when they emerged from the crypts, or for Theon to ask "Who ARE you?" Usually with the TV show I at least know what they're trying to do, even if I don't think they really pull it off (Qhorin setting up Jon to infiltrate the Wildling camp), but with the bits around Ramsay, I'm not sure what they're attempting.A Kyra escape attempt would likely seem too much repetition, but maybe they'll include that anyway.i think they're making an attempt at suspense and this will make the non reader audience more invested in what's going on instead of just revealing everything -- I'm just guessing since i've read the books so nothing on the show is really a mystery plot and character wise so...
2865	callmedodge	2013-05-06	Awesome scene. And absolutely necessary for Theon`s and Ramsay`s proper development on-screen.
As for those who are saying it`ll be 3 seasons of torture, don`t be daft. RW is this season. So we`ll have Moat Cailin at some point next season possibly with some more made up scenes establishing the Boltons some more. And most likely all that Winterfell nonsense in Season 5. 
At the most, we will have 1.5 seasons of torture. We`ll be getting to the Theon at the start of ADwD by late-season 4 at the very latest. 
Alfie and Iwan are also incredible so I`ve no problem with getting more screen time with them. No matter how much that flaying scene made me squirm.
2866	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	I take back what I said about them doing Ramsay's reveal ASAP. Based on Ramsay's comments and the preview for next week, it seems as if Ramsay leads a hunt for Bran and Rickon. If this the case, his identity should only be revealed just before or after the Red Wedding(preferably before).
2867	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Think about it.  Stannis has at least two seasons of material left to be in a position to get Theon in a different place.  Three whole seasons of torture?  At best it will fall flat, at worst it will be very disturbing, off-putting, and gratuitous.  Don't get me wrong, Reek's chapters were the best in Dance in my eyes.  But I don't think it necessarily translates well on screen, and having more of it is not the answer.  I really think Alfie Allen would come back, and I don't think they need to force material just to keep him around.  It's like cutting off your pinky to spite your thumb, to make a terrible analogy.I think this season will be torture, next season will be his early DwD material, Moat Cailin and the like, up to about where Jeyne Poole or her surrogate turns up. Then Season 5 will be the rest of his DwD stuff, and his capture by Stannis.Then, Season 5 will be his
2868	Bayard	2013-05-06	This was a brilliant scene, close to perfection. We needed to see some "flaying", we all knew that before the start of the season, and now we got it. Yeah, the other scenes with Theon were a waste of time, but not this one.
2869	Dove	2013-05-06	Holy moly. If I had any minor, nagging doubts about Iwan Rheon remaining they're gone now. He was fantastic. I love his delivery, his crazy-ass facial expressions, everything. jesus christ theon aaaa /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />In my eyes this is, so far anyway, still an admittedly sorta mediocre and aimless arc - boy howdy are they dragging out that reveal - but it's totally salvaged by a wonderful performance from the two principle actors and a couple of stand-out scenes.You could say that this week's scene was more torture-porny filler, the storyline is still treading water, etc. and you'd be a little right but it's very compelling in spite of that IMO. We'll see if it wears out its welcome next week.My favorite thing was the callback to the fucking horn, hahaha.
2870	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-06	Good call on the horn to those who remembered<U+0080><U+0094>I completely forgot. Perhaps that was foreshadowing when Theon said he'd kill whoever was blowing it.Was just thinking this. Subtle hint for the future, maybe...
2871	go joff go	2013-05-06	I don't understand the dragging out comment.  There seems to be some kind of undertone that Theon isn't a main character, when he could very well  be one of the main charcter for all we know.  I mean everything that happened to him essentially was implied in the book so how is this stuff not important?
2872	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-05-06	The thing is if they reveal who ramsay is ,people will know roose has betrayed Robb for sure, so they have to keep the suspense untill the red wedding
2873	Keepsu	2013-05-06	The horn and "Last Hearth? Do I look like a fucking Umber?" made me lol.
2874	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I was watching/reading reviews of the episode and I saw a surprising number of unsullied feeling as if Theon could actually be removed completely from this season. They said so because they don't see the relevance to any of the other plots, and its not moving Theon's character forward because it feels like a retread or something. So it seems like unsullied are under the impression that this stuff going on is solely about Theon. I wonder how they'll feel finding out that it's also about developing Ramsay.
2875	Adelstein	2013-05-06	More than likely they'll tie them together.
	Spoiler While Roose is all "Jaime Lannister sends his regards," Ramsay will reveal he is Ramsay and detail the burning of Winterfell for shits and giggles

	Spoiler A Ramsay monologue over scenes of chaos and massacre from the RW about how the Starks are truly finished (akin to LF's monologue montage in this one) could be awesome. Or crap. I'm looking forward to seeing how they handle it, anyway.
2876	flinn	2013-05-06	Of course I have never seen a person "flayed" but it sure looked more like he was poking holes in his finger and squeezing out the blood rather than "skinning" it.
2877	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	It looked to me more like he made a horizontal cut, two small vertical cuts, and started peeling it back. I don't know, it was pretty hard to see so I haven't rewatched yet
2878	swoosh stark	2013-05-06	It looked to me more like he made a horizontal cut, two small vertical cuts, and started peeling it back. I don't know, it was pretty hard to see so I haven't rewatched yetto me it looked like ramsay was pulling his finger out of his skin
2879	Chuck88	2013-05-06	Side note. Just started watching a show called 'Vicious.' Starring Iwan Rheon alongside Sir Ian McKellan.
Basically the first episode involves Gandalf being gay for Ramsay Snow. It's pretty funny.
2880	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-06	A hunt for Bran/Rickon would be an interesting twist and it would seem more likely to do next season as it's not something that can be established over just a few episodes - it would give Theon a break as well as the torture but it would also present a good opportunity for the group to split off (Bran/Reeds & Osha/Rickon) .. I'm just not sure how feasible that is however once the Bolton's turn then there is very much the incentive to eliminate the surviving male heirs. It would also be a good opportunity to see the usefulness of Meera as not only a hunter but someone who knows the terrain very well.. It would also be a good opportunity to work Shaggydog/Summer in a bit more here as well.
I am in the "loving the scenes" boat but at the same time I realize it can't continue down this path for 2 seasons.. next week might be the last bit of the gratuitous stuff before the reveal and it becomes more plot oriented with the Bolton's turning and setting their sights on bigger things i.e Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Esero the Forest Scion, 06 May 2013 - 12:11 PM.
2881	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-05-06	"I'm a better hunter than you"Does that mean they will keep Kyra and Theon escape?They can still do that scene in season 4, think about it they need material for that one tooThink about it.  Stannis has at least two seasons of material left to be in a position to get Theon in a different place.  Three whole seasons of torture?  At best it will fall flat, at worst it will be very disturbing, off-putting, and gratuitous.  Don't get me wrong, Reek's chapters were the best in Dance in my eyes.  But I don't think it necessarily translates well on screen, and having more of it is not the answer.  I really think Alfie Allen would come back, and I don't think they need to force material just to keep him around.  It's like cutting off your pinky to spite your thumb, to make a terrible analogy.Theon is already reekyfied at the beginning of adwd, which would be s5.I think it will be few episodes in s4 with torture and the rest lurking around as reekOh and Iwan Rheon is the perfect casting choice for this role, absolutely brilliant.After i saw some of his music videos, i wasnt so sure about the choice, but now i definetly can see it.His eyes are really Bolton-like and he's got those batshit crazy looks, really scary... Oo
					
					
							Edited by nyos, 06 May 2013 - 12:38 PM.
2882	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I actually jumped when he leapt up out of his seat after settling down in the chair with the Karstark story. Just that little flash motion of him rushing over to Theon actually startled me, even though I knew he was lying.
2883	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I actually jumped when he leapt up out of his seat after settling down in the chair with the Karstark story. Just that little flash motion of him rushing over to Theon actually startled me, even though I knew he was lying.I did too. Not a big jump but I did flinch. Mostly because I was trying to figure out if they REALLY made him a Karstark
2884	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-06	I did too. Not a big jump but I did flinch. Mostly because I was trying to figure out if they REALLY made him a KarstarkSame - I mean I know they didn't but I was worried it was going to leave it hanging on that realization (which would make sense in a way I guess)
2885	Rhoynar	2013-05-06	Ramsay is already starting to make Joff look squeamish.
2886	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	For the people thinking the torture is gratuitous, I think that soon they will start showing more psychological torture. They've established that the guy is a weirdo that likes hunting people. They've established that he takes fingers. All they need to do is show him beginning to turn Theon into reek. 
Personally I think it'd be best to use some sort of water torture, just because of the irony of the whole ironborn drowned men thing. Maybe they could show him calling Ramsay the bastard of Bolton and then Ramsay gets word that he's been legitimized and so he starts messing with Theon's identity as payback. Water torture with him constantly asking Theon what his name is. Maybe even throw in a line about how he has to remember his name? I don't know.
That way they can forget about him for about half of season 4 or more, if they choose. When we return to him, we find each aspect of the torture was taken up to 11. And there you go, no torture porn but Theon is broken and we understand how he got there.
2887	Typhaon	2013-05-06	I think there is a good deal more torture on the way with some Ramsay backstory included - but I do think at some point... there will be a 'final' act of violence that seems really repulsive... then we won't hear about Theon for a while -- only to have him re-emerge as Reek... and we find things actually got a LOT worse.
2888	Clariana	2013-05-06	So we have Osha and Meera arguing over who can best skin a rabbit... But boy rulz!
2889	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-06	I think there is a good deal more torture on the way with some Ramsay backstory included - but I do think at some point... there will be a 'final' act of violence that seems really repulsive... then we won't hear about Theon for a while -- only to have him re-emerge as Reek... and we find things actually got a LOT worse.Yeah I agree with this...That seems like the most sensible and efficient way of handling it. I don't really get why book readers are complaining about the Theon/Boy scenes so far being torture porn...They are. And that's the point. They can't just eliminate Theon for 2 seasons and just expect us to feel sorry for him suddenly, simply because he gets tortured. Without his inner monologue, it's impossible to make that transition on TV without seeing it. Any dialogue he would have with FArya or whoever wouldn't have the impact if he simply talked about the torture. And if they did it like in the books, with flashbacks, what would those flashbacks show other than torture? The torture happened; it's macabre, over the top, and part of the equation.  Not to mention that without these scenes, we'd have no exploration into Ramsay or the general treachery of the Boltons at all.
2890	Bolton's Bastard	2013-05-06	The thing is if they reveal who ramsay is ,people will know roose has betrayed Robb for sure, so they have to keep the suspense untill the red weddingNo.Book 2 - Ramsay is revealed to be a sick bastard about halfway through the story, Roose acknowledges as much in front of Robb and co. Ramsay also sacks Winterfell at the end of this book while Roose is still believed to be a Stark loyalist. No biggie.Book 3 - Roose betrays Robb towards the end, well after the established reveal of Ramsay and it's still a pretty big shocker for most readers. The thing is we don't have the whole Duskendale issue to put Roose into perspective but that works for the viewers not knowing Roose's endgame.
2891	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	Iwan, that creepy bastard is doing an ace job.
2892	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-06	I REALLY hope they include Reek at some point though. Theon's transformation won't be the same without his new name.
Ramsay having some evil prick minion hanging around him (whom Theon would kill in another desperate escape attempt) might work.
2893	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-06	No.Book 2 - Ramsay is revealed to be a sick bastard about halfway through the story, Roose acknowledges as much in front of Robb and co. Ramsay also sacks Winterfell at the end of this book while Roose is still believed to be a Stark loyalist. No biggie.Book 3 - Roose betrays Robb towards the end, well after the established reveal of Ramsay and it's still a pretty big shocker for most readers. The thing is we don't have the whole Duskendale issue to put Roose into perspective but that works for the viewers not knowing Roose's endgame.Well Ramsay wasn't in season two at all, and Roose hasn't said anything negative about his bastard at all. He's only talked about him once or twice in passing when discussing winterfell. So if they reveal him too early then it will be a huge red flag.
2894	YTDN	2013-05-06	Or Reek can simply be a name that Ramsay gives Theon to further demean him. There doesn't have to have been a Reek Mk.1 to inspire him.
2895	pandagod	2013-05-06	I like how you can see some similarities in terms of personality between Roose and Ramsey, For example, when Roose tells Jaime about the siege of Kings Landing he seems to enjoy the expression of despair on Jaime when he thinks Cersei is dead, and well also for all that is coming next. Ramsey is more sadistic I think and seems less interested in the outcome of the war or at least enjoys more his reek and his hunts. Non book viewers may be seeing some similarity between those two.
I loved how Ramsey confuses the audience and Theon equally, and yes, one thing Asoiaf doesnt have is happy endings, not even for the bad guys ....
2896	flinn	2013-05-06	So we have Osha and Meera arguing over who can best skin a rabbit... But boy rulz! Well, the boys were busy doing the important things like having world saving visions.
2897	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Well, the boys were busy doing the important things like having world saving visions.I think it's pretty clear that Meera is the more robust of the two, and if not for her Jojen will likely be dead by now, which is exactly how it works in the books. In fact it's more of a trope to have a weak woman with some weird talent that has a strong male guardian protecting her.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 06:52 PM.
2898	Mr Smith	2013-05-06	I think the RW will correspond with revealing Ramsay's identity. It'd be a good way to build the audience's horror as the true nature of the Boltons are revealed in the one episode. It'd also be a great way to wrap up the Theon/Ramsay arc for the season.
Dunno why everyone's complaining about torture porn. It hasn't even been that bad. Anyway I think showing the torture, and showing how long it goes on, is really important in order to make Theon's situation feel real later on.
As far as the progression of the arc in season 4, I like the idea that it might become less frequent after Theon "learns" his name, and then he pops up in S5 and just looks and acts a total mess.
2899	congokong	2013-05-07	Even though Iwan is acing the creepy sadist, I just don't see him as Ramsay. It's partially his appearance. He doesn't fit Ramsay's description. But it's also his dialogue (not the actor's fault). From what I know of Ramsay's dialogue in the books, he feels out of character. But this Ramsay's introduction is completely different so I don't know. It's just not sitting right.
2900	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	The actor portraying Ramsey does a good job at being creepy, but he looks and sounds very different from the Ramsey I imagined while reading the books. I would like if they would give him some backstory in future. They should not drag out the reveal for much longer.
2901	HouseLark	2013-05-07	I'm not against scenes of torture that serve a purpose, now I wonder how much more we really need to see of this. If Theon's story is just going to be "Body part removal of the week" then it will be pretty weak. I think we get it by now: Ramsey is a monster, Theon is going to suffer. A few key scenes are all that's left of this arc, namely, Ramsey giving Theon his new name and perhaps his castration. I think then we'll see the last of Theon until late in season four - bearing in mind that the books and seasons of the show no longer align and I expect Feast/Dance storylines to emerge in the final few episodes of next season.
2902	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	Yeah, at this point I'm a bit afraid that it will turn into a "torture of the week" storyline, I think that Theon should have one or maybe two more significant scenes and it is time to let this part of the story rest for a while. Next time we meet Theon he should be fully transformed into Reek.
2903	GeorgeIAF	2013-05-07	I think in the next episode Theon will say something like "you are the Bastard of Dreadfort" or "Bolton's bastard" and an angered Ramsay will reply "i'm not a bastard" and will castrate Theon, whilist not revealing his identity.
2904	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-07	If they do castrate Theon next episode, for the sake of my sanity, I'm hoping he doesn't have it flayed first. I think they're rushing his torture a little bit too fast. We just got flaying this week. It's best to take things slowly. After all, Theon isn't going anywhere. 
If he does get castrated, hopefully it's the last we see of Theon's on-screen torture.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 07 May 2013 - 04:48 AM.
2905	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-07	Yeah, at this point I'm a bit afraid that it will turn into a "torture of the week" storyline, I think that Theon should have one or maybe two more significant scenes and it is time to let this part of the story rest for a while. Next time we meet Theon he should be fully transformed into Reek.I agree, hopefully all their is left is the scene next week, then a scene in ep10 revealing Ramsay and Theon learning his new name with the implication that the torture is only beginning.Then no Theon until ep9 or 10 of Season 4, Maybe Ramsay arriving at Moat Cailin on horseback and asking for his Reek. Then the camera shows a limping grey haired man looking down making his way to Ramsay's side and getting on all fours to act as a step for Ramsay dismounting. Then when he stands up reveal that it's poor old Theon looking a little worse for wear.
2906	Dove	2013-05-07	Based on what we saw this episode/what other folks have been saying, and the fact that Alfie Allen/Iwan Rheon have 6 episodes this season, here's my guess for how the rest of Theon's S3 arc and the reveal will play out:(all aboard the "unfounded conjecture" train, toot toot! it's the Lysa Arryn of trains)We know from the preview that next episode we'll get another Theon scene, hopefully with a hint or an oblique reference or something, Ramsay mentioning something about "my father" maybe, so it's not just another torture-of-the-week filler scene.Then E09 Roose approaches Robb & Cat with news like "hey y'all, you'll be glad to know that my bastard's finally caught that jive-ass turncloak," and presents them with Theon's skin like in the book. This will obviously have major implications and raise questions in people's minds but they won't really get the chance to linger on their doubts since the episode is still ongoing. It's just another thing to add to the tense, uneasy feeling of the RW. Then BAM.E10 - Theon's last scene, Ramsay introduces himself fully. Maybe we'll get the "my wife called me Snow before she ate her fingers, but I say Bolton," line. It introduces Ramsay, his name, his motivations (i.e. it amounts to highborn penis envy), hints at his past cruelties, and clearly demonstrates what Theon's got ahead of him.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 07 May 2013 - 07:50 AM.
2907	Sopranos With Swords	2013-05-07	Then no Theon until ep9 or 10 of Season 4, Maybe Ramsay arriving at Moat Cailin on horseback and asking for his Reek. Then the camera shows a limping grey haired man looking down making his way to Ramsay's side and getting on all fours to act as a step for Ramsay dismounting. Then when he stands up reveal that it's poor old Theon looking a little worse for wear.This! Another season of constant torture for Theon would be unnecessary for the plot, viewers just need to know he's in for an awful time of it then see the aftermath. Plus that way it frees up room for everything else next season, before the story gets too crowded.
2908	congokong	2013-05-07	If they do castrate Theon next episode, for the sake of my sanity, I'm hoping he doesn't have it flayed first. I think they're rushing his torture a little bit too fast. We just got flaying this week. It's best to take things slowly. After all, Theon isn't going anywhere.If he does get castrated, hopefully it's the last we see of Theon's on-screen torture.He wouldn't be Ramsay if he doesn't play the flaying game.Erm, I don't want them to take this slow. Every week a new form of torture or new body part lost? Torture like this is weird for TV because it doesn't serve a justifiable purpose. They could have skipped all this and jumped to season 5 and opened a dark cell to find what was once Theon in a horrible state with missing fingers and all, letting our imagination do the rest (like the books did).
2909	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	He wouldn't be Ramsay if he doesn't play the flaying game.Erm, I don't want them to take this slow. Every week a new form of torture or new body part lost? Torture like this is weird for TV because it doesn't serve a justifiable purpose. They could have skipped all this and jumped to season 5 and opened a dark cell to find what was once Theon in a horrible state with missing fingers and all, letting our imagination do the rest (like the books did).I think they're going to do that when we are reintroduced to Theon. Let people be glad to be rid of his storyline (many are feeling its pretty useless at this point), and then when we get back to him he's this sniveling, broken animal. Pretty disturbing for the people who claim he deserves this. YES there is a good number of non readers who think that this is no more than he deserves. I've seen them. That, or they don't feel sorry for him.
2910	Nezzer	2013-05-07	Even though Iwan is acing the creepy sadist, I just don't see him as Ramsay. It's partially his appearance. He doesn't fit Ramsay's description. But it's also his dialogue (not the actor's fault). From what I know of Ramsay's dialogue in the books, he feels out of character. But this Ramsay's introduction is completely different so I don't know. It's just not sitting right.I don't know what book you read because he is totally Ramsay IMHO. The only difference I can see in his personality is that book!Ramsay is easily angered, while show!Ramsay can control his anger. And why is the appearance so important? Would long hair and wormy lips make that much of a difference to you?
2911	Nezzer	2013-05-07	He wouldn't be Ramsay if he doesn't play the flaying game.Erm, I don't want them to take this slow. Every week a new form of torture or new body part lost? Torture like this is weird for TV because it doesn't serve a justifiable purpose. They could have skipped all this and jumped to season 5 and opened a dark cell to find what was once Theon in a horrible state with missing fingers and all, letting our imagination do the rest (like the books did).It would be interesting, but do you really think the casual viewer would even remember Theon by season 5 if he spent two seasons off screen? The show isn't just for us book readers, you know.
2912	congokong	2013-05-07	I don't know what book you read because he is totally Ramsay IMHO. The only difference I can see in his personality is that book!Ramsay is easily angered, while show!Ramsay can control his anger. And why is the appearance so important? Would long hair and wormy lips make that much of a difference to you?No fans should be calling Ramsay "hot." But you kind of explained how they are different. Show Ramsay is more in control of himself; book Ramsay is a loose canon, and probably a shitty archer.
2913	congokong	2013-05-07	It would be interesting, but do you really think the casual viewer would even remember Theon by season 5 if he spent two seasons off screen? The show isn't just for us book readers, you know.If book readers can go 13 years without Theon but show viewers cannot go two, then I don't know what to say about their IQ.
2914	Nezzer	2013-05-07	No fans should be calling Ramsay "hot." But you kind of explained how they are different. Show Ramsay is more in control of himself; book Ramsay is a loose canon, and probably a shitty archer.Iwan Rheon is kinda handsome, but they "uglified" him a lot in the show. Most non-readers I've seen have been calling him an evil Samwise Gamgee /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2915	KingWolf	2013-05-07	Iwan Rheon is kinda handsome, but they "uglified" him a lot in the show. Most non-readers I've seen have been calling him an evil Samwise Gamgee /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />your new avatar is awsome.Crazy Ramsay.
2916	Dove	2013-05-07	He wouldn't be Ramsay if he doesn't play the flaying game.Erm, I don't want them to take this slow. Every week a new form of torture or new body part lost? Torture like this is weird for TV because it doesn't serve a justifiable purpose. They could have skipped all this and jumped to season 5 and opened a dark cell to find what was once Theon in a horrible state with missing fingers and all, letting our imagination do the rest (like the books did).Technically speaking they couldn't have done this because of actors' contracts and the guaranteed retention of Alfie Allen.Would it have been more effective? Possibly, but it would mean no flashbacks (it's so effective a chapter in the books because we have access to Theon's inner monologue and through his memories we can piece together the horror of his existence to that point) and they would have to go double-time on establishing Ramsay as a character and villain in a later season.Strictly speaking, I'm just not sure if the sudden cut to Reeked Theon would work on TV. It worked in the books because the characters' inner monologues are so important in GRRM's writing.
2917	Dove	2013-05-07	No fans should be calling Ramsay "hot." But you kind of explained how they are different. Show Ramsay is more in control of himself; book Ramsay is a loose canon, and probably a shitty archer.Ahahaha. Unfortunately Ramsay had people swoonin' even before the show, when going by his description he's a young, fleshy Tommy Wiseau with "wormy lips."Him being attractive could mean interesting things for his character - he could be better at presenting a face to the world, controlling his temper, manipulating people, and for that reason when he snaps it'll be even scarier.I enjoyed Ramsay as a villain in the books a lot, I don't think I've ever had a more visceral "aaa HATE" kind of reaction to any other fictional character, but any steps they take to make the TV version less shallow is probably an improvement.
2918	Nezzer	2013-05-07	If book readers can go 13 years without Theon but show viewers cannot go two, then I don't know what to say about their IQ.Yeah, but it's not really about IQ. It's just that is A LOT easier to remember a character in the book because we constantly read their names. We spent quite some time inside Theon's mind in ACoK and thus he becomes unforgettable. I don't know, maybe it could work on TV, but it'd be a huge gamble. At any rate, I am enjoying seeing Theon and Ramsay this season a lot. It's been one of my favorite storylines this season.
2919	Nezzer	2013-05-07	your new avatar is awsome.Crazy Ramsay.Thank you /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2920	Nezzer	2013-05-07	Ahahaha. Unfortunately Ramsay had people swoonin' even before the show, when going by his description he's a young, fleshy Tommy Wiseau with "wormy lips."Him being attractive could mean interesting things for his character - he could be better at presenting a face to the world, controlling his temper, manipulating people, and for that reason when he snaps it'll be even scarier.I enjoyed Ramsay as a villain in the books a lot, I don't think I've ever had a more visceral "aaa HATE" kind of reaction to any other fictional character, but any steps they take to make the TV version less shallow is probably an improvement.Yeah, I also consider than an improvement. It makes him a lot more dangerous and a better villain. Like I've seen many non-readers say, he's looks like a smart version of Joffrey, and for that they consider him a lot more dangerous than Joffrey.
2921	Zorpack	2013-05-07	If the true non-book reader fans were really smart, they would have put together Theon's body position on the X and noticed the banner in the Roose Bolton scene of the flayed man....clear for everyone to see and compare.....and if they are anything like "Lost" viewers, they would have TOTALLY picked up on that and the mentioning of the Bastard of Bolton- case closed.
2922	AzorAhai42	2013-05-07	I can't believe all the people saying that they wish these scenes weren't in the show, or wishing that they were shorter or less. Two things. One, I think these scenes are really great, and a lot of other people do too. I think the only reason we never saw this in the books is because we were supposed to assume that maybe Theon was dead. And Two, they already have Alfie Allen cast. It wouldn't make any sense to tell him, "Look, we're not going to need you for like 3 or 4 years, but stick around because we will need you again." It makes way more sense for a tv show to just show the transition of his character. I think it's a really nice touch.
2923	congokong	2013-05-07	Yeah, but it's not really about IQ. It's just that is A LOT easier to remember a character in the book because we constantly read their names. We spent quite some time inside Theon's mind in ACoK and thus he becomes unforgettable. I don't know, maybe it could work on TV, but it'd be a huge gamble. At any rate, I am enjoying seeing Theon and Ramsay this season a lot. It's been one of my favorite storylines this season.Well, Theon did have a decent presence in season 1 (unlike the book). I'm pretty sure by the end of season 2 everyone hated him and would probably not forget him. This weekly torture scene just feels out of place to me. GRRM obviously felt the same which is one reason that he did not put Theon chapters in ASOS; that and the shock value of Theon -> Reek.I think it goes without saying you enjoy it considering your avatar. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2924	congokong	2013-05-07	I can't believe all the people saying that they wish these scenes weren't in the show, or wishing that they were shorter or less. Two things. One, I think these scenes are really great, and a lot of other people do too. I think the only reason we never saw this in the books is because we were supposed to assume that maybe Theon was dead. And Two, they already have Alfie Allen cast. It wouldn't make any sense to tell him, "Look, we're not going to need you for like 3 or 4 years, but stick around because we will need you again." It makes way more sense for a tv show to just show the transition of his character. I think it's a really nice touch.No, anyone who was paying attention knew Theon was not dead. And even if you were right, so what? If GRRM did want us to think he was dead, shouldn't D+D do the same?GRRM did not put Theon in ASOS for 2 obvious reasons.1) Chapter after chapter of torture would be disturbing, and serve no purpose in progressing the story either than the obvious that Theon is suffering.2) It makes Theon's transition to Reek more dramatic.I cannot argue about the casting issue. If they cannot keep Allen because he's too important to leave out of the show for 2 seasons, then recast him. I'd rather have this than compromise the show the way they did by adding Tywin scenes because Dance was greedy. Reek is supposed to look very different anyway, although I admit it would make it more difficult to know that he was Theon if he was a different actor.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 07 May 2013 - 11:27 AM.
2925	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-07	I can't believe all the people saying that they wish these scenes weren't in the show, or wishing that they were shorter or less. Two things. One, I think these scenes are really great, and a lot of other people do too. I think the only reason we never saw this in the books is because we were supposed to assume that maybe Theon was dead. And Two, they already have Alfie Allen cast. It wouldn't make any sense to tell him, "Look, we're not going to need you for like 3 or 4 years, but stick around because we will need you again." It makes way more sense for a tv show to just show the transition of his character. I think it's a really nice touch.Thank you! Completely agree /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2926	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-07	Okay I have to say a few things... 
1.People complaining about too many Theon scenes: Okay relax if you don't like them please look away. In my opinion they are very interesting, well done and very NECESSARY at establishing Ramsay since you know... he's kind of a really important character in the following seasons that has a huge impact on both Stannis and Jon Snow. 
2. There has only been like 1 torture scene between the two, it wasn't even that bad and yes it is part of the story so deal with it.
3. For those who suggest that Theon should only re-appear at the end of season 4 or in season 5: That will definitely not happen. When have you EVER seen a GOT character disappear for a whole season then randomly come back in the last 2 episodes like 'oh hey remember me? yeah i'm reek now' . 
Seriously I just really don't understand why so many people are complaining sooooo much! Have a little faith in D&D they are working with R.R. Martin and clearly know the best route to take this story. If you're so offended by it then don't watch it.
2927	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-07	If they cannot keep Allen because he's too important to leave out of the show for 2 seasons, then recast him. I'd rather have this than compromise the show the way they did by adding Tywin scenes because Dance was greedy. 1. Alfie allen is an AMAZING Theon, you would have to be a moron to get rid of him for someone else.2. As many reviewers clearly stated, and many viewers agree with, the Tywin scenes have been some of the best in the series, both with and without Arya.
2928	PG_Tips	2013-05-07	In defense of the Theon/Ramsey scenes, I believe it's needed in the sense of showing Ramsey to be worse than Joffrey. In the show Joffrey is worse than he is in the books in the sense of physical violence (specifically in the last episode with Ros). We need to see how bad he is so when the PW happens the show can still have someone to focus on as a sadistic villain. 
I'm hoping that the physical torture only goes on for a short while longer (another episode or two) because I think they need to get onto the psychological torture at some point. I want to see Theon as a person broken down and turned into Reek so we can have him building himself back up later on. Identity is a huge part to Theons arc and I hope they haven't dropped it for gore.
2929	Woel	2013-05-07	Okay I have to say a few things...1.People complaining about too many Theon scenes: Okay relax if you don't like them please look away. In my opinion they are very interesting, well done and very NECESSARY at establishing Ramsay since you know... he's kind of a really important character in the following seasons that has a huge impact on both Stannis and Jon Snow.2. There has only been like 1 torture scene between the two, it wasn't even that bad and yes it is part of the story so deal with it.3. For those who suggest that Theon should only re-appear at the end of season 4 or in season 5: That will definitely not happen. When have you EVER seen a GOT character disappear for a whole season then randomly come back in the last 2 episodes like 'oh hey remember me? yeah i'm reek now' .Seriously I just really don't understand why so many people are complaining sooooo much! Have a little faith in D&D they are working with R.R. Martin and clearly know the best route to take this story. If you're so offended by it then don't watch it.I really agree. I can understand book purism to a certain extent, but many just take it to the level of arrogance. "Actors should wait three years to come back in a show! Actors who want to have more than 5 min of screentime per season are greedy and stupid! Assimilate or be recasted!!!"
2930	Nezzer	2013-05-07	I think it goes without saying you enjoy it considering your avatar. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yeah, I'm really having a blast with his scenes /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2931	Dove	2013-05-07	I've seen some folks mentioning the possibility of Ramsay hunting Bran and co. after his comment this episode, anyone else think that'll happen?
It could be a good way to build his menace outside of Theon torture scenes that seem to be wearing out their welcome with a lot of people, and give Bran/etc. something to do, maybe even a reason to split with Osha and Rickon in the first place besides the mounting tension.
2932	oakenhelm	2013-05-07	First off, I really don't like the scenes and I didn't enjoy reading just about anything Ramsay related. I find the whole thing excessive and disgusting.
However, I am a faithful book reader and show watcher. I'm not going anywhere. I may end up just skipping over the scenes in the future.
I am more concerned about how non-book readers see the Theon stuff within the context of the whole show and the direction it is going. I am a bit worried that after seeing this brutality followed up by the RW that some viewers will start to wonder what and why they are watching the show.
2933	Khalessi	2013-05-07	I think Alfie and Iwan are amazing! However, I do think the torture will get very old if they don't do somehting different from the books. I will put it this way, I don't want 3 season of nothing but torture from Theon's arc. I enjoyed the sarcasm and mental torture more than the physical torture personally. I don't really enjoy watching someone getting flayed even though I know it's crucial to the story. I do feel like I have to say I think Iwan is an amazing Ramsey! So far i've enjoyed him more than book Ramsay. I know people complain that he doesn't look the part but lets face it tv is a visual medium and they seem really resistant to hire a lead actor that isn't attractive. He is a great actor and I think he will make the character work on a different level.
2934	iheartseverus	2013-05-07	I am a bit worried that after seeing this brutality followed up by the RW that some viewers will start to wonder what and why they are watching the show.Not to worry.  The ratings have climbed steadily and significantly every episode this season, more and more viewers tuning in every week.  Obviously, the show's doing something right.
2935	Weeping Sore	2013-05-07	Isn't Roose already revealed as a traitor by sending Jaime on to King's Landing rather than back North to Robb & company?
So why wait to tell us that Ramsay is Bolton's bastard? Because non-book readers would still be like, "Who are the Boltons?"
Honestly, I feel like that for non-book readers, House Bolton was barely registering before this episode.  Roose has been too low-key up untill now (compare Roose as Robb's S2 advisor vs the Greatjon in S1), and even though they took pains to have Locke identified as part of House Bolton, it's having a hard time sticking.  I think because they're supposed to be Robb's allies but don't track as good guys, it confuses people.  Also, I've had people look at Roose and ask "What's Stannis doing there?" /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
2936	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	Isn't Roose already revealed as a traitor by sending Jaime on to King's Landing rather than back North to Robb & company?So why wait to tell us that Ramsay is Bolton's bastard? Because non-book readers would still be like, "Who are the Boltons?"Honestly, I feel like that for non-book readers, House Bolton was barely registering before this episode.  Roose has been too low-key up untill now (compare Roose as Robb's S2 advisor vs the Greatjon in S1), and even though they took pains to have Locke identified as part of House Bolton, it's having a hard time sticking.  I think because they're supposed to be Robb's allies but don't track as good guys, it confuses people.  Also, I've had people look at Roose and ask "What's Stannis doing there?" /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />The fact that people think he's Stannis should reveal the answer to your first question. People have very poor attention spans and short memories. It seems obvious that Roose is betraying Stannis to us, but to many viewers it looks like he's just giving himself an out should Robb lose. You are giving the average tv-only viewer's intelligence too much credit. I've seen some people admit they'd started to forget that Joffrey is a horrible little shit, just because Margaery was shown reining him in a bit.Short memories and failure to pay attention to details in the first place means that no, Roose is not revealed as a traitor. It's subtle, but the horn that woke Theon up is even a clue who Ramsay is and most have not noticed that unless they read it in a review.ETA: I think the Boltons were supposed to not register before this episode. It ties into the climb metaphor. This power hungry house just shows up out of nowhere and steps onto the first rung.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 07 May 2013 - 01:35 PM.
2937	Weeping Sore	2013-05-07	More on topic, I think the Ramsay/Theon scene in 306 was perfect and absolutely necessary.  I agree that Theon will name him "the bastard" and escalate the pain- but I think we'll go black on Theon for awhile after that.  Obviously, we'll see Ramsay hunting the Stark boys soon.
We might see Reek as soon as the last third of S4.  I think Storm of Swords will only take us part-way (1/2? 2/3?) of the way through S4, and then we'll see books 4/5 starting.  (remember ADWD starts simultaneously with AFFC.)  I really think roughly a 6-7 episode Theon blackout would do it, with Reek emerging on the other side.
2938	Weeping Sore	2013-05-07	The fact that people think he's Stannis should reveal the answer to your first question. People have very poor attention spans and short memories. It seems obvious that Roose is betraying Stannis to us, but to many viewers it looks like he's just giving himself an out should Robb lose. You are giving the average tv-only viewer's intelligence too much credit. I've seen some people admit they'd started to forget that Joffrey is a horrible little shit, just because Margaery was shown reining him in a bit.Short memories and failure to pay attention to details in the first place means that no, Roose is not revealed as a traitor. It's subtle, but the horn that woke Theon up is even a clue who Ramsay is and most have not noticed that unless they read it in a review.ETA: I think the Boltons were supposed to not register before this episode. It ties into the climb metaphor. This power hungry house just shows up out of nowhere and steps onto the first rung.I agree. Nice tie-in with "The Climb".  I guess my point is they have missed an opportunity with Roose, by not giving him screen time/ things to do.  Contrast with what is for TV viewers a "new House" in S3, the Tyrells.  3 clear characterizations with lots of screen time.
2939	Sopranos With Swords	2013-05-07	I think the scenes so far have been great, and I love Alfie as Theon more this season. I do think however that Reek will be more powerful given time to breathe off screen, as our own imagination of the horror would be worse than anything D&D can show. The torture scenes have been necessary, but I don't think stretching them out for another season would help the plot. I beleive Alfie has a good relationship with the show, plus he doesn't need to wait very long, just fill the last couple of episodes next season.
2940	congokong	2013-05-07	Okay I have to say a few things...1.People complaining about too many Theon scenes: Okay relax if you don't like them please look away. In my opinion they are very interesting, well done and very NECESSARY at establishing Ramsay since you know... he's kind of a really important character in the following seasons that has a huge impact on both Stannis and Jon Snow.2. There has only been like 1 torture scene between the two, it wasn't even that bad and yes it is part of the story so deal with it.3. For those who suggest that Theon should only re-appear at the end of season 4 or in season 5: That will definitely not happen. When have you EVER seen a GOT character disappear for a whole season then randomly come back in the last 2 episodes like 'oh hey remember me? yeah i'm reek now' .Seriously I just really don't understand why so many people are complaining sooooo much! Have a little faith in D&D they are working with R.R. Martin and clearly know the best route to take this story. If you're so offended by it then don't watch it.D+D do not know the best route to taken. GRRM does not have much to do with the show besides the 1 episode he writes before D+D tinker with it.If you start saying "you don't like it, don't watch it" to any complaint on these boards, then the boards will have very little activity. All that will be left are bootlickers. And speaking of bootlicking...1. Alfie allen is an AMAZING Theon, you would have to be a moron to get rid of him for someone else.I'm sure there are many others with a similar appearance out there who can read the lines in a convincing manner. Don't put Allen on a pedestal here.
2941	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	I'm sure there are many others with a similar appearance out there who can read the lines in a convincing manner. Don't put Allen on a pedestal here.Actually I think Alfie Allen SHOULD be put on a pedastal.He is AMAZING as Theon and I couldnt honestly imagine any other actor doing the part Justice.Replacing Alfie would be as bad as replacing Peter Dinklage (Tyrion)I hated book Theon but Alfie has made me like and feel sorry for TV Theon
					
					
							Edited by I'll pay the iron price, 07 May 2013 - 03:38 PM.
2942	congokong	2013-05-07	Actually I think Alfie Allen SHOULD be put on a pedastal.He is AMAZING as Theon and I couldnt honestly imagine any other actor doing the part Justice.Replacing Alfie would be as bad as replacing Peter Dinklage (Tyrion)I hated book Theon but Alfie has made me like and feel sorry for TV TheonSigh* If you want to worship people who am I to stop you.
2943	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	Sigh* If you want to worship people who am I to stop you.I'm not worshiping him - I'm simply giving credit where credit due!
2944	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	D+D do not know the best route to taken.You mean the two that George entrusted with the show, the two to whom George revealed the entirety of his future plans, the two that are currently showrunners on one of (if not) the biggest, most successful and highest rated shows going around? Those two don't know the best route? I'm presuming you're basing your judgements here on "changes" that you disagree with?
2945	YTDN	2013-05-07	I agree with the people who think Theon should have significantly less screentime in Season 4- less than Jaime in S2. One because it will get dull quickly, and two because they need to have a 'timeskip' type thing for the Reek transformation to really work. I also think it will be easier to keep him in the viewers minds without actually showing him; assuming that they move up the Kingsmoot plotline to S4, he'll get plenty of verbal mentions without having to having him appear on screen much. What screentime he will have will be similar to Jaime's in S2- near the tail-end of the season, with material from his first ADWD chapter pulled forward (where he's already Reekified). This will have the added benefit of acting as a hook for the next season, which is generally what D&D have done regarding plotlines, rather than the cliffhangers that are in the books.
2946	congokong	2013-05-07	I'm not worshiping him - I'm simply giving credit where credit due!You said he should be put on a pedestal. That's pretty much the definition of worship.http://thesaurus.com...t on a pedestalYou mean the two that George entrusted with the show, the two to whom George revealed the entirety of his future plans, the two that are currently showrunners on one of (if not) the biggest, most successful and highest rated shows going around? Those two don't know the best route? I'm presuming you're basing your judgements here on "changes" that you disagree with?The two that came to GRRM with the idea of going to HBO, and the two that led to him getting rich. As an answer to your last question, yes.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 07 May 2013 - 03:59 PM.
2947	Maester Murks	2013-05-07	3. For those who suggest that Theon should only re-appear at the end of season 4 or in season 5: That will definitely not happen. When have you EVER seen a GOT character disappear for a whole season then randomly come back in the last 2 episodes like 'oh hey remember me? yeah i'm reek now' .Well... Barristan was gone for 12 episodes. Doesn't mean it would have worked for Theon though.I do like the scenes in this season so far, but to me Ramsay is a very different character, what with the babytalk and everything...
2948	Caryn Stark	2013-05-07	I am glad they are showing what goes on with Theon... I wonder how far they will go and if Ramsay will start sending love notes around the realm. 
I also don't think that they could convincingly recast the actor playing Theon. That would just be bad business and it wouldn't work. This isn't Days of Our Lives or some other daytime drama that can just replace actors on a whim. This is primetime. It would be a terrible mistake.
2949	callmedodge	2013-05-07	If the true non-book reader fans were really smart, they would have put together Theon's body position on the X and noticed the banner in the Roose Bolton scene of the flayed man....clear for everyone to see and compare.....and if they are anything like "Lost" viewers, they would have TOTALLY picked up on that and the mentioning of the Bastard of Bolton- case closed.What a reasonable standpoint.I`ve read the books multiple times and have only been really watching the show casually this season. I didn`t even notice the Bolton banners. It`s very easy to miss out on these details and to call people who don`t see it idiots (read: they have a low IQ) is just absurd.As for the "it`s just scene after scene of torture" argument, have you people been watching the same show I`ve been watching? I count 3, maybe 4 instances of torture and even at that they were incredibly brief. Most of the Theon-Boy scenes have been about Theon and Boy. Setting up Boy as a character and giving us a deeper insight into Theon.Not to mention the writing and acting of these scenes have been some of the best the show as seen.People are arguing that it`s too separated from the rest of the storylines and to that I say, Dany.
2950	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-07	The two that came to GRRM with the idea of going to HBO, and the two that led to him getting rich. As an answer to your last question, yes....And GRRM getting rich has what to do with anything? Oh wait, I get it! The three of them are all wearing golden jumpsuits and just sitting in hot tubs full of cash, lighting cigars with burning copies of ASoS while they laugh at us meager fans...You've got it figured out!So what's the correct route for them to take then? I'm ready to be enlightened by your insight and knowledge. What are the show runners of the best show on television missing that you aren't?
2951	swoosh stark	2013-05-07	is it bad that i dont feel sorry for theon?  i dont enjoy watching him get tortured, but i cant bring myself to feel bad for him after everthing he did in season 2
2952	Dove	2013-05-07	For a casual viewer that hasn't seen S2 in ages, on blu-ray or even since it aired, it's totally reasonable to not make the Boy=Bolton's bastard connection. The mystery has been handled kind of awkwardly but that doesn't make someone dumb just because they haven't caught up as fast as someone who's read the books or someone who hasn't, but analyzes the show and posts about it on a messageboard.The only reason my group of friends have mostly figured it out as of this episode is because one of them apparently picked up on the horn-blowing and then the flaying since they'd binged S2 recently and clued in the others. Once they were pushed in that direction it all came together for them, the X-shaped cross, the flaying, the horn-blowing, the men outside Winterfell, etc. I didn't confirm or deny, but a lot of them are pretty confident they've solved it now even if they're unsure about what it "means" for Robb.I expect a lot of casual Unsullied are still in the dark - those of you that watch this show with friends, did any of them get any closer to figuring out the Boy/Theon mystery?...And GRRM getting rich has what to do with anything? Oh wait, I get it! The three of them are all wearing golden jumpsuits and just sitting in hot tubs full of cash, lighting cigars with burning copies of ASoS while they laugh at us meager fans...You've got it figured out!So what's the correct route for them to take then? I'm ready to be enlightened by your insight and knowledge. What are the show runners of the best show on television missing that you aren't?You forgot to mention the sexy ladies they hired to lounge with them all day and wear shirts with Ros and Talisa's faces on them bedazzled with the words "I HATE BOOK-READING NERDS"
2953	iheartseverus	2013-05-07	The two that came to GRRM with the idea of going to HBO, and the two that led to him getting rich.I'm sad for you.  Here you posit that D and D are only doing this amazing series because they want to get rich.  And that GRRM is going along only because he wants to get rich.  Earlier, you posited that Charles Dance (Charles Dance!!) demanded extra scenes only because he's 'greedy.'  (Charles Dance!!)  Your rich-envy is sad and small and shriveled and I'm sorry for you.  You're missing out on enjoying a great TV experience.  Shriveled and bitter and envious-- while the rest of us are revelling in the best series ever brought to television.  Yay us, poor you.
2954	The Bear	2013-05-07	I am all sorts of proud of my mother, she saw the banner and saw Theon and actually guessed that Boy was related to the Boltons. It was the first whole episode she'd seen, too. I told her about the mystery of Boy's identity and that if she looked really, really hard she could work it out but I never actually imagined she would.
I still didn't tell her she got it right though. Now she feels compelled to watch the rest of the season to see if she was. Mission accomplished.
2955	congokong	2013-05-07	...And GRRM getting rich has what to do with anything? Oh wait, I get it! The three of them are all wearing golden jumpsuits and just sitting in hot tubs full of cash, lighting cigars with burning copies of ASoS while they laugh at us meager fans...You've got it figured out!So what's the correct route for them to take then? I'm ready to be enlightened by your insight and knowledge. What are the show runners of the best show on television missing that you aren't?I don't know about the golden jumpsuits and tubs, but to me the correct route would be to use the formula they used in making the 1st season. I was so pleased with it.I'm sad for you.  Here you posit that D and D are only doing this amazing series because they want to get rich.  And that GRRM is going along only because he wants to get rich.  Earlier, you posited that Charles Dance (Charles Dance!!) demanded extra scenes only because he's 'greedy.'  (Charles Dance!!)  Your rich-envy is sad and small and shriveled and I'm sorry for you.  You're missing out on enjoying a great TV experience.  Shriveled and bitter and envious-- while the rest of us are revelling in the best series ever brought to television.  Yay us, poor you.Spare me your sadness. None of this is worth getting sad over. And don't try judging me. You do not know me, yet you try labeling me. "Rich-envy, shriveled, bitter, envious..." You make all these claims over a few small posts.That's presumptuous and rude. I'm asked why GRRM picked these two, and I gave the answer. Of course it comes down to $$. Obviously GRRM had some faith that they would do a decent job with it, but $$ was the primary motivator.And what are these exclamation points over Charles Dance? Are you kissing his ass or something?Best TV series ever? No way.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 07 May 2013 - 11:22 PM.
2956	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-08	And what are these exclamation points over Charles Dance? Are you kissing his ass or something?You say that like it's a bad thing.
2957	congokong	2013-05-08	You say that like it's a bad thing.lol It goes back to my previous post on putting people on pedestals. But if people want to worship Charles Dance for reading his lines in his grim tone, then I cannot stop them.
2958	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-08	There's really no basis for saying GRRM allowed them to do the show for money. He lives pretty modestly. I doubt he was money hungry. I wouldn't go so far as to say he didn't care about that, but saying that it was the primary motivator is pretty baseless.
2959	congokong	2013-05-08	There's really no basis for saying GRRM allowed them to do the show for money. He lives pretty modestly. I doubt he was money hungry. I wouldn't go so far as to say he didn't care about that, but saying that it was the primary motivator is pretty baseless.In regards to the comment about living modestly."Why does a man who has one pot of gold need another. Men are greedy." - Genna LannisterBTW, he recently bought a movie theatre.If he did not do it for $$, what else could it be? He really did not know D+D enough to know they would do the show faithfully. And it turns out they haven't; not since season 1. The first season was super faithful, but in the latest episode only 4/13 of the scenes were in the books in any form at all.GRRM has little to do with the show, so why else would he sell his story to HBO but for money and the publicity it brings to the books (which brings in more $$). GRRM has even been quoted as saying several times that "the dumptrucks of money are persuasive."
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 08 May 2013 - 12:34 AM.
2960	callmedodge	2013-05-08	lol It goes back to my previous post on putting people on pedestals. But if people want to worship Charles Dance for reading his lines in his grim tone, then I cannot stop them.I`m sorry. It seems that you`re incapable of enjoying anything. This is at least the second time I`ve seen you say "read their lines", first time in reference to Alfie Allen, as if any old sod could pick up a script and do the amazing job that most of the cast are doing.It`s funny you happened to pick two of the better portrayals for your "read their lines" mocking. If acting is merely just reading lines we may as well extrapolate that to everything and not bother with anything; living dead-eyed, boredom-filled empty lives until we die.Pft. Van Gogh. Anyone can draw.Edited for grammar etc.
					
					
							Edited by callmedodge, 08 May 2013 - 12:35 AM.
2961	congokong	2013-05-08	I`m sorry. It seems that you`re incapable of enjoying anything. This is at least the second time I`ve seen you say "read their lines", first time in reference to Alfie Allen, as if any old sod could pick up a script and do the amazing job that most of the cast are doing.It`s funny you happened to pick two of the better portrayals for your "read their lines" mocking. If acting is merely just reading lines we may as well extrapolate that to everything and not bother with anything; living dead-eyed, boredom-filled empty lives until we die.Pft. Van Gogh. Anyone can draw.Edited for grammar etc.I just said that I really enjoyed season 1, so I am capable.Please don't exaggerate what I said. I didn't imply any "old sod" could do it, but capable actors are not as hard to find as some people on these boards make them out to be with this "you cannot replace them" logic.I didn't say they had to "just reading their lines" but also behave appropriately. Ex: Dance acting grim.
2962	Dove	2013-05-08	If you imply that Charles Dance or Alfie Allen are anything less than genuine treasures I will get all kinds of scrappy, I mean 5'1'' and 103 pounds of SHEER RAGE comin atcha /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
Anyway this is pretty off-topic from the Theon storyline which is what this thread was originally made to discuss.
If you want to talk critiques involving the faithfulness of the adaptation that's perfectly valid and it's currently being discussed in the Nitpick thread, I think, congokong. Or you could make an entirely new topic for discussion if you want, I might disagree w/ you but I wouldn't mind posting about it. Just not here, if we want to stay on topic.
2963	callmedodge	2013-05-08	I just said that I really enjoyed season 1, so I am capable.Please don't exaggerate what I said. I didn't imply any "old sod" could do it, but capable actors are not as hard to find as some people on these boards make them out to be with this "you cannot replace them" logic.I didn't say they had to "just reading their lines" but also behave appropriately. Ex: Dance acting grim.You`re probably right there but going down the road of replacing actors because they`re unavailable or for whatever other reason is just a terrible idea. A main complaint (possibly by yourself also) in this thread has been the vagueness of what exactly is going on with Theon and the more the apparently tenuous connections that can be made between the seasons and such regarding the Boltons (I disagree with these points personally). Randomly replacing actors every few seasons would just confuse matters even further that`s it`s not even worth considering. I`d sooner they wrap the series up with a flimsy ending than replace actors every couple of years. Also, regarding Charles Dance. D&D wrote more scenes for him because of general fan feedback of Tywin being awesome and Charles being fucking awesome at playing him. Not the other way around.
2964	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-08	I don't know about the golden jumpsuits and tubs, but to me the correct route would be to use the formula they used in making the 1st season. I was so pleased with it.Spare me your sadness. None of this is worth getting sad over. And don't try judging me. You do not know me, yet you try labeling me. "Rich-envy, shriveled, bitter, envious..." You make all these claims over a few small posts.That's presumptuous and rude. I'm asked why GRRM picked these two, and I gave the answer. Of course it comes down to $$. Obviously GRRM had some faith that they would do a decent job with it, but $$ was the primary motivator.And what are these exclamation points over Charles Dance? Are you kissing his ass or something?Best TV series ever? No way.A) they're using the same formula as S1...Adapt as closely as possible and change where you have to. Book one, when compared to the rest of the novels, is one of the easiest to adapt. You can't just stick to the source material 100%, especially just to please fan boys. B ) People are judging you because you sound like a grumpy old man. You're saying pretentious, self righteous, and ridiculous things, and making it seem as if the people calling you out on it are attacking you. You're the one saying that the showrunners and authors of one of the best TV shows and book series of the past decade or two, respectively, don't know what they're doing. Sure, GRRM has been called this generations tolkien, but youre a fan boy, by god, and you know what youre talking about!You just calmly say that you'd follow the "formula" for season 1, and act as if those three are too stupid or too greedy to care about sticking to the books; as if the thought never crossed their mind. And as far as money is concerned, GRRM was approached dozens of times over the years to adapt asoiaf for tv, but denied them all because he didn't trust the medium (normal cable) or the people pitching it. D and D show up at his door step and he chose them because he knew they would do a good job.C) people aren't ass kissing Charles Dance and Alfie Allen for the hell of it, they're doing it because those two have been phenominal. Everytime Tywin is on screen he steals the show easily. Sure there are others that could play the part, but if you've ever been apart of a production crew for TV or Film, you'd realize that recasting a main/popular character is about as desirable as an infected scrotum. It pisses off fans, confuses casual viewers, potentially messes with production, and most obviously, you want it for continuity sake. Sometimes it works out, ie Mark Ruffalo with Hulk, but it's still not the studios first choice.
					
					
							Edited by Hodors Shlong, 08 May 2013 - 07:05 AM.
2965	Weeping Sore	2013-05-08	Alfie Allen deserved an emmy for Season 2 and absolutely cannot be replaced.
Just watch some bad acting, for example, something on the CW and then come back and compare it to the acting on GoT.
Now, if you were making a case for replacing Kit Harrington...
2966	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	I posted in another thread (several actually along the way) that I advocated Cillian Murphy being cast as Ramsey.
I'm happy to admit that I was wrong. Iwan Rheon is awesome. Period. He is Ramsey through and through. 
What a treacherous, deceptive, sadistic, crazy bastard. Love it. Perfect
2967	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	Alfie Allen deserved an emmy for Season 2 and absolutely cannot be replaced.Just watch some bad acting, for example, something on the CW and then come back and compare it to the acting on GoT.Now, if you were making a case for replacing Kit Harrington...Yeah, compared to most TV, the acting on GoT is in another league. I don't get the hate for Kit Harrington on this board. He acts just like Jon Snow should act in my opinion. It takes time in the books for Jon to mature. I'm eager to see his return to castle black and how his nature begins to change from naive and conflicted boy to an authority figure
2968	Weeping Sore	2013-05-08	I posted in another thread (several actually along the way) that I advocated Cillian Murphy being cast as Ramsey.I'm happy to admit that I was wrong. Iwan Rheon is awesome. Period. He is Ramsey through and through.What a treacherous, deceptive, sadistic, crazy bastard. Love it. PerfectIwan Rheon's Ramsay is perfect- but still waiting to see him in a blunt-force rage after this playful sadism.Probably off topic, but who here thinks the Ramsay- "Arya" wedding will use the real Arya on the show?  I think it depends on how long Ramsay survives into TWoW- if he dies early I could see showrunners changing it to having Arya kill him on their wedding night.
2969	Weeping Sore	2013-05-08	Yeah, compared to most TV, the acting on GoT is in another league.I don't get the hate for Kit Harrington on this board. He acts just like Jon Snow should act in my opinion. It takes time in the books for Jon to mature. I'm eager to see his return to castle black and how his nature begins to change from naive and conflicted boy to an authority figureHonestly, I don't hate Kit, I kind of like him despite his not being a really great actor.  He's fine for now (and very good-looking).  I just worry about him being believable as Lord Commander later on.
2970	Zorpack	2013-05-08	What a reasonable standpoint.I`ve read the books multiple times and have only been really watching the show casually this season. I didn`t even notice the Bolton banners. It`s very easy to miss out on these details and to call people who don`t see it idiots (read: they have a low IQ) is just absurd.Oh I certainly was not referring to anyone having a low IQ because they didn't pick up on that! I didn't even make the connection til' I rewatched (and I am a seasoned reader, and miss plenty of details I would probably notice if I HADN'T read the books.) I was just stating that if I had not read the books, and I was watching week-by-week unknowing to what happens next I'd be going nuts trying to find clues about what the mysteries are (as I did when I watched LOST) and would have saw the flayed man banner and remembered the bastard of Boltons mentioning and contemplated the position and happening of Theon to conclude that it must be Ramsey. Sorry if people misunderstood, I wasn't belittling any fans knowledge as we all know you must be fairly smart to follow the dialogue on a show/book like this.
					
					
							Edited by Zorpack, 08 May 2013 - 09:07 AM.
2971	Dove	2013-05-08	Looking forward to them revealing his stupid name so I don't have to keep typing "Boy" in non-spoiler threads and remembering to call him Barry to friends. It's not like his first name is a big deal or anything, kind of funny that they've been so hush-hush about it.Iwan Rheon's Ramsay is perfect- but still waiting to see him in a blunt-force rage after this playful sadism.Yeah, it'll be interesting to see if they keep his temper. I like the idea that's been suggested of us seeing him snap for the first time because someone calls him a bastard or Snow.
2972	Head of The Ned	2013-05-08	Yeah, compared to most TV, the acting on GoT is in another league.I don't get the hate for Kit Harrington on this board. He acts just like Jon Snow should act in my opinion. It takes time in the books for Jon to mature. I'm eager to see his return to castle black and how his nature begins to change from naive and conflicted boy to an authority figureAgreed. Jon Snow is naive and withdrawn up until ADWD time. Kind of reminds me of Mark Wahlberg in Boogie Nights.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 08 May 2013 - 12:18 PM.
2973	Zorpack	2013-05-08	Agreed. Jon Snow is naive and withdrawn up until ADWD time. Kind of reminds me of Mark Wahlberg in Boogie Nights.Haha great comparison.
2974	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-08	Iwan Rheon's Ramsay is perfect- but still waiting to see him in a blunt-force rage after this playful sadism.Probably off topic, but who here thinks the Ramsay- "Arya" wedding will use the real Arya on the show?  I think it depends on how long Ramsay survives into TWoW- if he dies early I could see showrunners changing it to having Arya kill him on their wedding night.That is a good idea because as much as I like the character Arya, her wandering in the books starts to get a bit boring.
2975	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-08	Iwan Rheon's Ramsay is perfect- but still waiting to see him in a blunt-force rage after this playful sadism.I think we got a glimpse of it when he feigned offense at the whole Karstark situation.
2976	FattyPeon	2013-05-08	I blame the writing more than the acting for Kit/Jon. Usually his role in the scene is to stand there like a lamp post while interesting people talk to him. They've severely mistreated his character but w/e. When he's LC he'll actually get some dialogue and some emotions. It'll be fine.Also I'm not sure he's supposed to be "believable" as LC. It should look strange, right? Not that he was a bad LC (I think he was brilliant at it), but it definitely always felt weird to me.
2977	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-08	I think we got a glimpse of it when he feigned offense at the whole Karstark situation.Hah yeah I caught that too. He looked like he was getting there. As soon as his true identity is revealed, someone is bound to call him bastard or Snow. I anticipate a belligerent shit-storm of violence and cruelty. Unfortunately, it will probably be Theon that says it. Poor Theon. That guys in for a real bad time it seems.
2978	Minsc	2013-05-08	Probably off topic, but who here thinks the Ramsay- "Arya" wedding will use the real Arya on the show?  I think it depends on how long Ramsay survives into TWoW- if he dies early I could see showrunners changing it to having Arya kill him on their wedding night.Having Arya kill Ramsay on his Wedding Night diminishes Theon's entire story, as it his encounters then that leads him to remembering his name and then having his "Big Damn Heroes" moment.   Seriously, cutting Theon's rescue and flight with Jeyne would be like cutting Jaime's jumping in the Bear Pit as both of those scenes is when these characters begin their return to the light.
2979	callmedodge	2013-05-08	Oh I certainly was not referring to anyone having a low IQ because they didn't pick up on that! I didn't even make the connection til' I rewatched (and I am a seasoned reader, and miss plenty of details I would probably notice if I HADN'T read the books.) I was just stating that if I had not read the books, and I was watching week-by-week unknowing to what happens next I'd be going nuts trying to find clues about what the mysteries are (as I did when I watched LOST) and would have saw the flayed man banner and remembered the bastard of Boltons mentioning and contemplated the position and happening of Theon to conclude that it must be Ramsey. Sorry if people misunderstood, I wasn't belittling any fans knowledge as we all know you must be fairly smart to follow the dialogue on a show/book like this.Ah, apologies! I complete misread what you meant.Yeah, I was the same with Lost although by the time season 6 rolled around I was just fed up with it really, but I digress. There was an article posted somewhere (possibly this thread) that was written by a guy who`s only watching the show, hasn`t read the books and has no intention to until the series is over. He`s already figured out the whole Bolton-Boy-Theon scenario so I think the show is doing a grand job. I find it funny how people complain when it spells out something clearly and those same people then complain when it leaves something somewhat ambiguous - but the clues are scattered across the show. What do you want people?Then again, these boards are mostly populated by people who will never be able to enjoy the series, it seems. Pity, they`re missing out on a fun ride.
2980	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	My favorite GOT podcast (A Cast of Kings) has a book reader and non-book reader as hosts. The non-book reader hasn't put together who Ramsay is. It's getting hilarious in the comments (which are moderated for spoilers). Like "It's BLOWING right in your face!!" I think most of the book readers just want his reaction when he figures it out and realizes all the clues that were there. Personally, Theon's scenes are some of my favorite this season. I luuuurve Iwan Rheon as Ramsay. He's a little more playful than in the books, but it works. I think he'd come across as too flat if all he did was flay people and throw hissy fits--it works in the book, but onscreen it's different. There's so many neat touches he adds. Like, when Theon thinks he's a Karstark. Suddenly he looks pissed ("strangled by the Kingslayer!"). It's Ramsay improvising on the spot and pretending to be a Karstark...it gave me a chuckle. Oh, and his peevish "hearing rap music in the background" expressions /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2981	Dove	2013-05-09	Having Arya kill Ramsay on his Wedding Night diminishes Theon's entire story, as it his encounters then that leads him to remembering his name and then having his "Big Damn Heroes" moment.   Seriously, cutting Theon's rescue and flight with Jeyne would be like cutting Jaime's jumping in the Bear Pit as both of those scenes is when these characters begin their return to the light.Yeah, that was by far my favorite part of ADWD. I don't care if they have Ramsay die by tripping over a turtle and snapping his neck while a silly trumpet plays, as long as it happens after Theon's big moment. It's a huge deal for someone as abused and broken as he was to reclaim his identity, defy his abuser, and even decieve the rescuers (they thought she was legit Arya, right?) to save Jeyne, and it's awesome.With the way they often cut or combine minor characters, that could mean eliminating the spearwives entirely in the TV show - it would be interesting to see if they have Theon decide to rescue Jeyne pretty much by himself. It could maybe even make that part even better.
2982	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	Having Arya kill Ramsay on his Wedding Night diminishes Theon's entire story, as it his encounters then that leads him to remembering his name and then having his "Big Damn Heroes" moment.   Seriously, cutting Theon's rescue and flight with Jeyne would be like cutting Jaime's jumping in the Bear Pit as both of those scenes is when these characters begin their return to the light.It certainly would diminish Theon's moment.  Also, while we would care more about Arya's plight than Jeyne Poole's (who doesn't exist on the show) after watching her go through FM training, the audience would be less fearful for her, and more anticipating Ramsay (& Roose's?) demise. But just because it's not as good as the books doesn't mean it won't happen...Though come to think of it, LF's ship has left for the Vale without Sansa...maybe she'll be Ramsay's bride after her husband Tyrion is assumed dead.  Showrunners may decide that the saga of Alaine and Sweetrobin is something that can be cut from seasons 5/6...
2983	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	It certainly would diminish Theon's moment.  Also, while we would care more about Arya's plight than Jeyne Poole's (who doesn't exist on the show) after watching her go through FM training, the audience would be less fearful for her, and more anticipating Ramsay (& Roose's?) demise. But just because it's not as good as the books doesn't mean it won't happen...Though come to think of it, LF's ship has left for the Vale without Sansa...maybe she'll be Ramsay's bride after her husband Tyrion is assumed dead.  Showrunners may decide that the saga of Alaine and Sweetrobin is something that can be cut from seasons 5/6...Jeyne Poole was in the show, but she may not have been named, can't remember. I think the idea of Arya, Sansa or "Talisa" as Ramsey's wife is pure crackpottery.  It will be Jeyne Poole/or otherwise no name girl from the North who they're calling Arya, nothing else makes sense from the standpoint of what happens in the books.Although they will ultimately have to figure out, assuming the show lasts that long, how to deal with Mel's false vision of Arya since she has met the real Arya now in the show.
2984	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	(sic) Alayne
2985	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	The blind spot for us is we don't know "what makes sense from the standpoint of what happens in the books" because we don't know what happens in the books after ADwD. If Alayne & Harry the Heir fizzles and ultimately leads to nothing, it might get cut ((like Quentyn Martell (oh noos, we'll have to get the pissboy to free the dragons!)) If Arya is headed right to Westeros at the beginning of TWoW, they might bring her back early. 
Bottom line I think show divergences from the book are going to get larger and larger, and Melisandre saying she will meet Arya again means she will meet Arya again and there will be no false Arya.
2986	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-09	Jeyne Poole was in the show, but she may not have been named, can't remember. I think the idea of Arya, Sansa or "Talisa" as Ramsey's wife is pure crackpottery.  It will be Jeyne Poole/or otherwise no name girl from the North who they're calling Arya, nothing else makes sense from the standpoint of what happens in the books.Although they will ultimately have to figure out, assuming the show lasts that long, how to deal with Mel's false vision of Arya since she has met the real Arya now in the show. She was in the first season during the feast scenes and also at Arya's intro when they were sitting around doing needle-point. I don't recall her being named, but her father, Vayon Poole was mentioned by Cat in the "appointments" scene in Bran's bedchamber.
2987	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	She was in the first season during the feast scenes and also at Arya's intro when they were sitting around doing needle-point. I don't recall her being named, but her father, Vayon Poole was mentioned by Cat in the "appointments" scene in Bran's bedchamber.I stand corrected. I do remember that as well. She exists on the show but is just barely there. S1 does not include the book scene after Ned's arrest where the queen entrusts Jeyne to Littlefinger's care.
2988	Dove	2013-05-09	Mentioned this in another thread, but if they're keeping the Jeyne Poole character as-is it'll be pretty easy to just introduce her somehow like they did all the other characters that had delayed appearances.
Divergences are one thing, but I just can't see them having fake Arya be real Arya. Not only is she busy with her ninja-assassin training and what have you, but the whole Winterfell plot hinges on the Stark Ramsay marries being a fake one and the uneasy situation that spawns as a result of that.
2989	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	Mentioned this in another thread, but if they're keeping the Jeyne Poole character as-is it'll be pretty easy to just introduce her somehow like they did all the other characters that had delayed appearances.Right. How many non-book readers remembered Beric Dondarrion thirteen episodes later?
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 09 May 2013 - 02:38 PM.
2990	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG THAT WAS PERFECTCUT IT OFF CUT IT OFF YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAHHI am almost crying with joy /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Wow.Are you a fan of heavy metal and horror movies?
2991	Dove	2013-05-09	Right. How many non-book readers remembered Beric Dondarrion thirteen episodes later?That's the point, though - that's why it's easier to get a new actor and have characters say "oh, hey, it's that person" in the show. People don't care, as long as they make it clear who this person is and where they come from when they're reintroduced.Jeyne herself is such a minor character, she or her circumstances are hardly sacred or exempt from changes. I'm just saying I doubt they'll change it to being a real Stark, because both Sansa and Arya have their own very distinct and important arcs far and away from Winterfell at this point in the story.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 09 May 2013 - 02:44 PM.
2992	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-09	Talisa as Ramsey's wife?Maybe if Arya got one hell of a tan and some major surgery.
2993	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	Oh c'mon! Where are my fellow Bolton loyalists who enjoy seeing torture as much as I? This was my favorite scene this season so far /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Ahaha, it was mesmerizing and horrifying and I was giggling like a deranged schoolgirl. I'm picturing Ramsay just chilling outside of Winterfell with his feet propped up, sipping wine and blowing that horn sporadically.GAH the Expressions. Both Theon and Ramsay. Holy crap! Ramsay's such an enchanting monster in this--something about his eyes and face pull you in, but he's scaaaaary. Love his voice.I think they're going to make him more clever and subtle in the TV version than the film version, as a compare/contrast to Joffrey's stupider cruelty. It's the next level up--Joffrey is psychotic, but he's pretty dumb. Ramsay could be even nastier...but holy crap he's smart too. Taking a lot of time (relatively speaking) to introduce Ramsay has me wondering how much he'll appear in the rest of the series. Maybe he outlives Roose, as a sort of evil cockroach character who just will not friggin' die.Seriously, wtf is wrong with you people?
2994	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	That's the point, though - that's why it's easier to get a new actor and have characters say "oh, hey, it's that person" in the show. People don't care, as long as they make it clear who this person is and where they come from when they're reintroduced.Jeyne herself is such a minor character, she or her circumstances are hardly sacred or exempt from changes. I'm just saying I doubt they'll change it to being a real Stark, because both Sansa and Arya have their own very distinct and important arcs far and away from Winterfell at this point in the story.I'll buy it for now. But maybe there won't be two fake Aryas like in the book because Mel would no longer mistake the Karstark girl for Arya. Since they've met.
2995	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	It's great to finally see some real torture, let's hope we keeping getting more bits and pieces of this with each episode.Freak.
2996	Dove	2013-05-09	Believe it or not people have actually gotten better about not being creepy in the Theon topics! This is improvement. Baby steps, right? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Let's not start a *thing* by calling posters out and get another thread closed - stay on topic and all that.Talisa as Ramsey's wife?Maybe if Arya got one hell of a tan and some major surgery.Haha. This is probably one of my least favorite theories, and I'm hoping it doesn't come to pass. Talisa obviously couldn't be a fake Arya, so what's the angle? As Robb's foreign widow it's not as though she has any particular claim on Winterfell even with the main Stark line "dead", does she?
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 09 May 2013 - 03:09 PM.
2997	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	Seriously, wtf is wrong with you people?I know. Are they going to be just as ecstatic when Ramsay gets all rapey and feeding dead raped women to his dogs? I hope not. Or if so, I don't want to hear about it.
2998	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	Seriously, wtf is wrong with you people?I appreciate good acting and writing? I love psycho characters? Theon's one of my favorites? Alfie Allen and Iwan Rheon are awesome? Extreme  gallows humor? Take your pick, or just write me off as an unhinged deviant and leave it at that.Anyhoodle, I highly doubt the real Arya is heading north anytime soon. Jeyne will be easy to stick in. You automatically get infinity +1 sympathy points if you're marrying Ramsay. Plus, D&D have said they love Theon, so I'm pretty sure they'll keep his arc intact. I can't wait so see how they film his 
	Spoiler rescue of Jeyne and escape from Winterfell
.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 09 May 2013 - 03:24 PM.
2999	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	I know. Are they going to be just as ecstatic when Ramsay gets all rapey and feeding dead raped women to his dogs? I hope not. Or if so, I don't want to hear about it.Thank you.It's nice to see others who aren't high strung dorks for sadism.
3000	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-09	It was grim with more to come I suspect.
It was also a well written, even funny, and brilliantly played in a season that has been trailed as dark and gothic. Are you really that surprised at torture?
If you thought this was a fairy tale, you haven't been paying attention.
3001	Nezzer	2013-05-09	I appreciate good acting and writing? I love psycho characters? Theon's one of my favorites? Alfie Allen and Iwan Rheon are awesome? Extreme  gallows humor? Take your pick, or just write me off as an unhinged deviant and leave it at that.Anyhoodle, I highly doubt the real Arya is heading north anytime soon. Jeyne will be easy to stick in. You automatically get infinity +1 sympathy points if you're marrying Ramsay. Plus, D&D have said they love Theon, so I'm pretty sure they'll keep his arc intact. I can't wait so see how they film his 
	Spoiler rescue of Jeyne and escape from Winterfell
.This. Lord Ramsay's cruelty is so absurd it's hilarious and I end up enjoying it immensely. But yeah, when it comes to fictional stories, I am a sick fuck indeed. I have always rooted for the villains in them.
3002	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-09	If you thought this was a fairy tale, you haven't been paying attention.I feel a meme coming on...
3003	Zorral	2013-05-09	Seriously, wtf is wrong with you people?Seriously, I have to leave the room when these horrors are depicted.
					
					
							Edited by Zorral, 09 May 2013 - 04:35 PM.
3004	Nezzer	2013-05-09	I can't wait to see Ramsey give Theon the command to "prepare" one of his women for him...with his mouth of course lolz.I can't wait until Theon is gelded. It would be hilarious if he was screaming and then he went high pitch. Gosh I love Ramsey.Yeah, I'm really looking forward to those scenes. I hope in season 4 we get a hunting scene with Ramsay chasing a naked woman in the woods and then giving her to the dogs. I want D&D to fully expose his cruelty.
3005	Nezzer	2013-05-09	Seriously, wtf is wrong with you people?Seriously, I have to leave the room when these horrors are depicted.Oh, c'mon! It's FUN!
3006	Dove	2013-05-09	edit: goddamn it y'all i just said the theon threads were getting less creepy, way to make a liar of me :|Thank you.It's nice to see others who aren't high strung dorks for sadism.It's more than a little off-putting when people keep posting in a certain sort of way about this story, no doubt, but unless they directly break the forum's rules (leading to reportin' them) there's not much you can do about it besides complain fruitlessly - and I'd rather fill up the pages with actual discussion on the story itself, so the creepy is buried, instead of dwell on it. It's actually gotten a little better since the mods came down and people aren't squeeing over Stockholm Syndrome anymore, so there's a plus.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 09 May 2013 - 04:38 PM.
3007	Zorral	2013-05-09	I also don't think that they could convincingly recast the actor playing Theon.It might be quite possible.  By the time he shows up at Winterfell would even his best friend recognize him?  Of course, he doesn't have any friends at all, and his family pretty much despises and have disowned him.  A safe figure to demean and degrade, torture and dismiss, I suppose.
3008	Dove	2013-05-09	It's true that Theon's description is downright unrecognizable and completely changed after his stay in the Dreadfort, but I think that re-casting him would probably be a huge misstep.
It would be very confusing and unconvincing to suddenly have a completely different person playing the same character even if you're simulating the premature aging and heavy physical toll the constant torture would take, and you lose the pathos of the recognizable face that you've spent watching as that character up to that point.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 09 May 2013 - 04:51 PM.
3009	Sun	2013-05-09	Recasting Theon is a dreadful idea, and unnecessary.
3010	Stargareyen	2013-05-09	Did anyone notice Ramsay saying "I win" in the end almost sounds like "IWAN"?
So he did give up his "real" identity! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
 /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
3011	Nezzer	2013-05-09	Did anyone notice Ramsay saying "I win" in the end almost sounds like "IWAN"?So he did give up his "real" identity! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Haha almost, but his name is pronounced Ee-wan Ray-on IIRC /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3012	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	I can't wait to see Ramsey give Theon the command to "prepare" one of his women for him...with his mouth of course lolz.I can't wait until Theon is gelded. It would be hilarious if he was screaming and then he went high pitch. Gosh I love Ramsey.Sorry to spoil your fanboy sadism, but Theon wasn't castrated in ADWD.
3013	iheartseverus	2013-05-09	Sorry to spoil your fanboy sadism, but Theon wasn't castrated in ADWD.Actually, GRRM deliberately left it vague whether or not Theon was castrated.  Perhaps the show will do the same.
3014	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	Actually, GRRM deliberately left it vague whether or not Theon was castrated.  Perhaps the show will do the same.At one point in Winterfell, Ramsay threatens Theon, and he is scared that Ramsay will take his cock or his tongue next.Also, Theon momentarily considers having sex with the spearwife who won't leave him alone in the mess/dining hall.
3015	Nezzer	2013-05-09	Sorry to spoil your fanboy sadism, but Theon wasn't castrated in ADWD.It's implied several times that he actually was.Actually, GRRM deliberately left it vague whether or not Theon was castrated.  Perhaps the show will do the same.I don't think so. That knife Ramsay was handling in the preview of next episode had a very unique shape. I am almost sure Theon is getting castrated in episode 7, but I really doubt they'll show the process of castration on screen. Way too graphic for most people.
3016	Nezzer	2013-05-09	At one point in Winterfell, Ramsay threatens Theon, and he is scared that Ramsay will take his cock or his tongue next.Also, Theon momentarily considers having sex with the spearwife who won't leave him alone in the mess/dining hall.Ramsay threatens to cut off his tongue, not his cock. And Theon says he has no... something, and that could only mean one thing.Ramsay rose, the firelight shining on his face. <U+0080><U+009C>Reek, get over here. Get her ready for me.<U+0080><U+009D>For a moment he did not understand. <U+0080><U+009C>I ... do you mean ... m<U+0080><U+0099>lord, I have no ... I...<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>With your mouth,<U+0080><U+009D> Lord Ramsay said. <U+0080><U+009C>And be quick about it. If she<U+0080><U+0099>s not wet by the time I<U+0080><U+0099>m done disrobing, I will cut off that tongue of yours and nail it to the wall.<U+0080><U+009D>
3017	Lord Martin	2013-05-09	This will also give Bran, OSHA and the Reeds more time. I figured they'd add a Ramsay/Bran hunt. That'll give Bran's story some oomph.
3018	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	It's implied several times that he actually was.I don't think so. That knife Ramsay was handling in the preview of next episode had a very unique shape. I am almost sure Theon is getting castrated in episode 7, but I really doubt they'll show the process of castration on screen. Way too graphic for most people.Ramsay threatens to cut off his tongue, not his cock. And Theon says he has no... something, and that could only mean one thing.You're a weirdo."But then there was a quote where he is talking to Rowan. He gets mad because he thinks she's making fun of him and he says he wants to hit her and smash her face, kiss her, f___ her, "but he dare not touch her, in anger or in lust." He doesn't say that he can't but that he not dare. I have no idea what Ramsey did to him but it don't think he cut it off."
					
					
							Edited by Stone Cold Bastard, 09 May 2013 - 06:26 PM.
3019	Nezzer	2013-05-09	You're a freak.Thank you /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
3020	Nezzer	2013-05-09	You're a weirdo."But then there was a quote where he is talking to Rowan. He gets mad because he thinks she's making fun of him and he says he wants to hit her and smash her face, kiss her, f___ her, "but he dare not touch her, in anger or in lust." He doesn't say that he can't but that he not dare. I have no idea what Ramsey did to him but it don't think he cut it off."Maybe he only had his cock flayed, but I'm completely sure something happened to his cock.
3021	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-09	Maybe he only had his cock flayed, but I'm completely sure something happened to his cock.Your obsession is troubling.He wanted to hit her, to smash that mocking smile off her face. He wanted to kiss her, to f*ck her right there on the table and make her cry his name. But he knew he dare not touch her, in anger or in lust. Reek, Reek, my name is Reek. I must not forget my name. He jerked to his feet and made his way wordlessly to the doors, limping on his maimed feet.page 473
3022	Nezzer	2013-05-09	Your obsession is troubling.page 473I have no obsession. We are simply discussing the most controversial part of Theon's transformation into Reek /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3023	Minsc	2013-05-09	Why must all Theon threads delve into whether or not he was castrated?  It is not like that is a particularly fun or happy topic, instead it is extremely uncomfortable to imagine and read about.
3024	Khalessi	2013-05-09	Here is an intersting article with Alfie about what filming the torutre scenes were like. With a little bit of what's coming up .http://www.rollingstone.com/movies/news/game-of-thrones-q-a-alfie-allen-on-the-passion-of-theon-greyjoy-20130423#undefined
3025	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	D'awww, Iwan was being nice and keeping Alfie company. Eesh, being tied to that cross for two hours would suck. My wrists would be in agony. 
Now I'm curious as to what scene Alfie broke down during.
3026	Khalessi	2013-05-09	D'awww, Iwan was being nice and keeping Alfie company. Eesh, being tied to that cross for two hours would suck. My wrists would be in agony.Now I'm curious as to what scene Alfie broke down during.Yeah me to! I wonder if it was the castration scene? I feel sorry for him, I bet filming this season must have been pretty miserable, and emotionally draining.
					
					
							Edited by Khalessi, 09 May 2013 - 08:53 PM.
3027	callmedodge	2013-05-09	Here is an intersting article with Alfie about what filming the torutre scenes were like. With a little bit of what's coming up .http://www.rollingstone.com/movies/news/game-of-thrones-q-a-alfie-allen-on-the-passion-of-theon-greyjoy-20130423#undefinedIt`s nice to see Iwan seems to be a stand up bloke in real life. Can`t imagine what it`d be like for Alfie on that cross for 2 hours at a time and it`s not something I envy him.This storyline is definitely one I`m really looking forward to see developing. Not from a sadistic point of view (although I think some gore is necessary to get the point of how horrible the situation is across) but because Theon is my favourite character and Iwan and Alfie are fantastic.I`m also curious to see what scene Alfie broke down during. Is it possible it actually was the flaying scene? Or something yet to come?
3028	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	You know, great acting always inspires empathy whether it's the desperation of Alfie's Theon or the vivid, sadistic glee of Iwan's Ramsay. 
For many people, it's probably more comfortable to "locate themselves" inside Ramsay, because at least he's in control, hell, he's even quite joyful. Theon is completely helpless without any escape from a horror that for all he knows may never end.
I think that the book reader's full immersion in "Reek"'s psyche fully forces the horror and loathing for Ramsay moreso than the show will be able to accomplish. Watching it, we don't have to stay "in" Theon- in fact it's a natural tendency to recoil from weakness and attach ourselves to strength and control. 
But maybe we'll see a little more of why, exactly Ramsay needs "his Reek"
3029	Grandpa House	2013-05-10	This may just be a coincidence but Iwan Rheon is dressed in the exact same clothes as the Ramsay portrait by Amoka. Either way it's cool
3030	TheDarkOne	2013-05-10	The reason Theon's castration is so critically important is that is symbolizes his "man hood" and his over all self being cut away.
Ramsey takes everything. His sanity, his fingers, being able to walk, and ultimately his ability to even be a man. It's an important part of the overall game Ramsey is playing in wiping out everything that made Theon who he is and transforming him into Reek.
There's no way something this important doesn't happen. From watching the previews hopefully he will be castrated this week. If not at the least we need to take the torture up a notch. Last week it finally felt like the books somewhat. The idea about Ramsey hunting a naked woman this week and feeding her to the dogs is outstanding, would love to see that too.
3031	AegonSnow	2013-05-10	More than likely they'll tie them together.
	Spoiler While Roose is all "Jaime Lannister sends his regards," Ramsay will reveal he is Ramsay and detail the burning of Winterfell for shits and giggles
^most likely
3032	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	The reason Theon's castration is so critically important is that is symbolizes his "man hood" and his over all self being cut away.Ramsey takes everything. His sanity, his fingers, being able to walk, and ultimately his ability to even be a man. It's an important part of the overall game Ramsey is playing in wiping out everything that made Theon who he is and transforming him into Reek.There's no way something this important doesn't happen. From watching the previews hopefully he will be castrated this week. If not at the least we need to take the torture up a notch. Last week it finally felt like the books somewhat. The idea about Ramsey hunting a naked woman this week and feeding her to the dogs is outstanding, would love to see that too.The show has made sure to highlight the fact that Theon defines himself in large part by his sexual prowess (Ros, Girl on the ship back to Pyke, Osha) so I think, yeah castration is a key step in his transformation.  (Do they have a maester at the Dreadfort, so Theon doesn't bleed out or die from infection?)I sort of doubt Theon will escape again, though.  I think his release by Boy earlier this season takes the place of the book escape with what's her name (naked dog name escapee).  The hunt will more likely be of the Stark boys.
3033	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	I could see a scene next season with Reek living in filth with "the girls". Ramsay brings something in and "the girls"  swarm around it, chowing down.
Reek, starving, goes to get some, and Ramsay says, "I don't think you want what they're having, Reek."
Then a quick flash of what it is they're eating. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3034	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-10	The reason Theon's castration is so critically important is that is symbolizes his "man hood" and his over all self being cut away.Ramsey takes everything. His sanity, his fingers, being able to walk, and ultimately his ability to even be a man. It's an important part of the overall game Ramsey is playing in wiping out everything that made Theon who he is and transforming him into Reek.There's no way something this important doesn't happen. From watching the previews hopefully he will be castrated this week. If not at the least we need to take the torture up a notch. Last week it finally felt like the books somewhat. The idea about Ramsey hunting a naked woman this week and feeding her to the dogs is outstanding, would love to see that too.You're a sick fuck and an idiot.
3035	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	You're a sick fuck and an idiot.I think some people read the Reek chapters and had a serious feeling of fear and revulsion over Ramsay and were kind of amazed that something on the page could be that powerful. So it's legitimate to say, "We have to see this horrible stuff on screen so the viewer can feel the way I did as a reader"And there are also sick fucks out there who want to be just like Ramsay when they grow up.
3036	iheartseverus	2013-05-10	And there are also sick fucks out there who want to be just like Ramsay when they grow up.Yep.  I think what gave me nightmares after reading Ramsay in the books is that such a creature also turns up (infrequently, thank the Seven) in our real world, unlike most of the rest of the 'types' in the book, like knights, kings and queens, lords and ladies.  A lunatic who kidnaps a little girl and keeps her in his basement dungeon for 15 years, or a Jeffrey Dahmer or a John Wayne Gacy.  Ramsay Bolton is the worst kind of monster in Westeros, and to similar to the worst kinds of monsters in our own world.  A beast in human skin, for real.
3037	Dove	2013-05-10	I think that's why I'm generally not crazy about all the "Bolton family is supernatural, Ramsay's killings are a magical ritual" kind of theories. His brand of evil is outlandish but completely true to life in a way that we're all familiar with given the media's coverage of high-profile serial killers, and I don't like the idea of it being due to some kind of supernatural source.Quoted from a thread in the Episode 7 sub-forum for those that don't check there:WiCnet just retweeted a tweet from Iwan Rheon saying he's doing his Twitter Q&A next Thursday, so I think it's this Sunday's episode when all is revealed, otherwise there wouldn't be much point in asking questions, considering how cagey Iwan's been about interviews.something to mull over besides how big of a monster Ramsay is (is he ever)/how weird some people get in Theon threads
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 10 May 2013 - 01:57 PM.
3038	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-10	I don't want Theon to get castrated this early in the game . I'm dreading this week's episode. For me personally is he does It will be disappointing just because once this happens  it's the worst possible thing and I don't think Ramsay would just do it SO SOON. Also, in the books its kind of obvious he did at some point but I never understood why Theon cried more about his fingers and toes than about THAT...
3039	Minsc	2013-05-10	I could see a scene next season with Reek living in filth with "the girls". Ramsay brings something in and "the girls"  swarm around it, chowing down.Reek, starving, goes to get some, and Ramsay says, "I don't think you want what they're having, Reek."Then a quick flash of what it is they're eating. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />If you referring to what I think you are they are not going do that scene as how that would be just distasteful in the sense it would likely turn some viewers away, and doesn't actually add anything to the show.
3040	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-10	I don't want Theon to get castrated this early in the game . I'm dreading this week's episode. For me personally is he does It will be disappointing just because once this happens  it's the worst possible thing and I don't think Ramsay would just do it SO SOON. Also, in the books its kind of obvious he did at some point but I never understood why Theon cried more about his fingers and toes than about THAT...But do we know when he did it to Theon, if he did in fact do it? For all we know it was one of the first  things he did. I suspect so. Because think about how Jaime's character basically got broken down and rebuilt when he lost what defined him. If Theon loses his penis early on, it will be easier for Ramsay to be there to remold him however he wants.
3041	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	If you referring to what I think you are they are not going do that scene as how that would be just distasteful in the sense it would likely turn some viewers away, and doesn't actually add anything to the show.As an alternative to  a scene of Ramsay hunting women through the woods, after which they were raped, (& raped after they were already dead by the original Reek) then fed to his dogs as reported in the books. These are Ramsay's "amusements" as Roose calls them. So the above was a way of framing the Bastard's behavior as a horror scene from Theon/Reek's perspective. And could be shown mostly by suggestion.
3042	Minsc	2013-05-10	As an alternative to  a scene of Ramsay hunting women through the woods, after which they were raped, (& raped after they were already dead by the original Reek) then fed to his dogs as reported in the books. These are Ramsay's "amusements" as Roose calls them. So the above was a way of framing the Bastard's behavior as a horror scene from Theon/Reek's perspective. And could be shown mostly by suggestion.Okay we were not talking about the same thing, as I was still stuck on the conversation of Theon's castration thus the image I had was you talking about them showing Ramsay feeding Theon's penis to his dogs, which if that happens I am immediately turning the show off.
3043	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	Okay we were not talking about the same thing, as I was still stuck on the conversation of Theon's castration thus the image I had was you talking about them showing Ramsay feeding Theon's penis to his dogs, which if that happens I am immediately turning the show off.Whoah. Sorry you got that. This would be next season after he is Reek. I have to bathe now.
3044	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-10	Okay we were not talking about the same thing, as I was still stuck on the conversation of Theon's castration thus the image I had was you talking about them showing Ramsay feeding Theon's penis to his dogs, which if that happens I am immediately turning the show off.Well, there goes my lunch  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> I definitely think they need to show Ramsay's cruelty to everyone(women in particular) to show how bad he really is. I don't think torturing Theon would make viewers hate him as much as the hunting, raping and flaying of women would. Not that I would like to see this happen on-screen. But it could work if we are told of these hobbies of Ramsay's.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 10 May 2013 - 07:08 PM.
3045	Lady Arwen	2013-05-10	I think revealing Boy as Ramsay would give away RW. I hope they leave it till episode 10.I agree with this. I've tried explaining who Boy is to my Unsullied boyfriend, and that connection between the evil psycho and Robb's bannerman is already making him suspect that Roose is up to no good. They should keep Boy's identity hidden until after RW.
3046	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-10	Best TV series ever? No way.I believe with this season GOT can fairly be part of the debate for the title of Best Ever, but it'd be a bit early to crown the show. There have been programs that maintained a high level of quality for five years or longer. I do think the show is superb right now, but there will be ample opportunity for the wheels to come off in the next few years. Hope they can keep it up!
3047	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	I believe with this season GOT can fairly be part of the debate for the title of Best Ever, but it'd be a bit early to crown the show. There have been programs that maintained a high level of quality for five years or longer. I do think the show is superb right now, but there will be ample opportunity for the wheels to come off in the next few years. Hope they can keep it up!I love the show, but it's not on the same level as the all-time greats. And I doubt it ever will be, given that season 5 will probably experience a decline in quality which might worsen. There simply isn't enough time for the show to have characters and plotlines as fleshed out as their book counterparts, or have the same levels of depth that shows like The Wire and Breaking Bad have. I don't think it will ever be top-tier status or the gold standard, when looking at the all-time great tv shows, but it can probably be in the second highest level.
3048	liefde	2013-05-11	Does anyone else find it a bit weird that the heir of one of the Great Houses, who would presumably know most of the other House's sigils and words, can't seem to figure out that his captor, who is flaying him on a cross, is a Bolton? He's going through all of the Northern lords, except for the one whose words are "our blades are sharp/a flayed man holds no secrets"?
It's pretty annoying.
3049	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-05-11	Theon's starved, dehydrated and being tortured.
I'd cut him some slack. But I know where you're coming from. It's a teensy annoying.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Ravenstone, 11 May 2013 - 03:57 AM.
3050	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Does anyone else find it a bit weird that the heir of one of the Great Houses, who would presumably know most of the other House's sigils and words, can't seem to figure out that his captor, who is flaying him on a cross, is a Bolton? He's going through all of the Northern lords, except for the one whose words are "our blades are sharp/a flayed man holds no secrets"?It's pretty annoying.Bran would know. I don't think Theon paid too much attention to his lessons with Maester Luwin.
3051	FattyPeon	2013-05-11	He's guessing northern castles and he doesn't think to guess the one with "dread" in the title.
3052	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-11	He's guessing northern castles and he doesn't think to guess the one with "dread" in the title.I think he would have gotten there eventually. He was throwing out random guesses and Boy pretended he was right. But then Boy went back to torturing him before he could finish guessing. Now that he's been flayed a bit I think he will get it soon.
3053	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	I think he would have gotten there eventually. He was throwing out random guesses and Boy pretended he was right. But then Boy went back to torturing him before he could finish guessing. Now that he's been flayed a bit I think he will get it soon.I think we are going get two more Ramsay/ Theon scenes this season and then about a 4-6 episode gap before we see Reek. I think the arc still requires we see him in a shockingly new physical/ psychological condition after a sense of time passing.
3054	drstrangelove	2013-05-11	Bran would know. I don't think Theon paid too much attention to his lessons with Maester Luwin.Agree with Lief. He would know the sigil. Did any one enjoy the part where he guesses umber. I thought his reaction to that was great.
3055	Mammothsbane	2013-05-11	Does anyone else find it a bit weird that the heir of one of the Great Houses, who would presumably know most of the other House's sigils and words, can't seem to figure out that his captor, who is flaying him on a cross, is a Bolton? He's going through all of the Northern lords, except for the one whose words are "our blades are sharp/a flayed man holds no secrets"?It's pretty annoying.You're right. It doesn't make much sense, but they want to line the reveal up with the Red Wedding (I'd assume).Plot >>> common senseAgree with Lief. He would know the sigil. Did any one enjoy the part where he guesses umber. I thought his reaction to that was great."LOL Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?!"and when Theon guesses Deepwood Motte"LOL terrible guess!"I was skeptical at the actor choice for Ramsay, but he is doing a great job. That scene was my favorite..... *runs and hides*
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 11 May 2013 - 11:43 AM.
3056	Dove	2013-05-11	It's frustrating as hell as a viewer, but to me it made more sense that Theon didn't guess correctly. As mentioned, he's not going to be the sharpest flaying knife in the drawer when he's dehydrated/starving/sleep-deprived/slung up on a cross/being tortured.I was skeptical at the actor choice for Ramsay, but he is doing a great job.I wasn't entirely sold on Iwan Rheon at first either, but I've come around. Clearly he can do the creepiness and sick sense of humor/"fun" very well, so now I'm just awaiting the temper and genuine menace.Hopefully they do go into his 'extracurricular activities' sometime soon, not because of some weird ~~ooh i can't wait to see what totally wicked thing Ramsay will do next~~ kind of thing but because that aspect of his character is important to establish him as different from Joffrey's brand of cowardly villainy. Reading about him and his "girls" caused such an immediately, intensely strong reaction of disgust and it'd be great if they could replicate that for TV audiences.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 11 May 2013 - 12:16 PM.
3057	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Agree with Lief. He would know the sigil. Did any one enjoy the part where he guesses umber. I thought his reaction to that was great.Maybe the sigils have been around so long, you stop thinking about what they mean, kind of like corporate logos.Say someone kidnapped you and tied you up to this circular thing and was about to shoot an arrow at you and said "you win if you guess which major retailer I work for""K-mart?""Terrible guess!""Wal-Mart?""Do I look like I fucking work at Wal-mart?"Meanwhile, the audience is screaming "Target! Target, you idiot! Wake up!"
3058	Dove	2013-05-11	Say someone kidnapped you and tied you up to this circular thing and was about to shoot an arrow at you and said "you win if you guess which major retailer I work for""K-mart?""Terrible guess!""Wal-Mart?""Do I look like I fucking work at Wal-mart?"Meanwhile, the audience is screaming "Target! Target, you idiot! Wake up!"how uncanny, this happens literally every time I go to Target.
3059	iheartseverus	2013-05-11	Maybe the sigils have been around so long, you stop thinking about what they mean, kind of like corporate logos.Say someone kidnapped you and tied you up to this circular thing and was about to shoot an arrow at you and said "you win if you guess which major retailer I work for""K-mart?""Terrible guess!""Wal-Mart?""Do I look like I fucking work at Wal-mart?"Meanwhile, the audience is screaming "Target! Target, you idiot! Wake up!"Hilarious!!/laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
3060	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-11	Maybe the sigils have been around so long, you stop thinking about what they mean, kind of like corporate logos.Say someone kidnapped you and tied you up to this circular thing and was about to shoot an arrow at you and said "you win if you guess which major retailer I work for""K-mart?""Terrible guess!""Wal-Mart?""Do I look like I fucking work at Wal-mart?"Meanwhile, the audience is screaming "Target! Target, you idiot! Wake up!"Do I look like an Umber is a reference to them all being gigantic burly son's o' bitches. It's similar to guessing that a crannogman is a Mormont. Boy is clearly pretty small. Obviously these trends are not universal, but they do exist.
3061	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Do I look like an Umber is a reference to them all being gigantic burly son's o' bitches. It's similar to guessing that a crannogman is a Mormont. Boy is clearly pretty small. Obviously these trends are not universal, but they do exist.It is a bad guess. Would he take more offense at Manderley?
3062	White As Snow	2013-05-11	I really hope they work Reek in there somehow. Maybe have Ramsay deliver a chilling monologue to Theon about how he had a "friend" named Reek who died, about how disgusting he was, etc. End it with Ramsay saying he "misses" Reek and wants him back.
					
					
							Edited by White As Snow, 11 May 2013 - 01:06 PM.
3063	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-11	It is a bad guess. Would he take more offense at Manderley?I dunno.Isnt House Manderley the most powerful northern house after the Starks?
3064	Minsc	2013-05-11	Bran would know. I don't think Theon paid too much attention to his lessons with Maester Luwin.Shouldn't have Luwin's lessons for Theon be more on teaching him the sigils and words of the Houses of the Iron Islands, seeing how Theon is not bound to rule in the North but the Isles before the war?
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 11 May 2013 - 01:21 PM.
3065	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Theon: The only right answer is this-
"My first guess was the noble house of Bolton, but I had heard that Lord Bolton's trueborn son had died tragically. I know now that this was a lie. My Lord, by your  noble countenance and manner, you can only be whom the gods have destined to be heir to the Dreadfort."
3066	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Shouldn't have Luwin's lessons for Theon be more on teaching him the sigils and words of the Houses of the Iron Islands, seeing how Theon is not bound to rule in the North but the Isles before the war?Good point, but if teaching the ways of the Iron Islands was his aim, Luwin did not succeed in impressing upon Theon how wearing a silk doublet and jewels to Pyke was likely to go over.
3067	Minsc	2013-05-11	Good point, but if teaching the ways of the Iron Islands was his aim, Luwin did not succeed in impressing upon Theon how wearing a silk doublet and jewels to Pyke was likely to go over.That seems to more of a cultural standpoint then a historical one, thus it might not be a lesson that Luwin could teach Theon.
3068	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-11	That seems to more of a cultural standpoint then a historical one, thus it might not be a lesson that Luwin could teach Theon.Culture is part of history, though. Otherwise you're just learning what happened on what date. To truly learn history you have to know the motivations behind the events. He can't teach Theon about things the Iron Islanders have done without telling him why. Especially if he was a little kid. That's a kid's favorite question.
3069	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-05-11	namely, to make the Bolton family treachery more surprisingfirst of all, nice thread, I love this storyline, and I love the fact that it's different from the books, it makes the show more interesting for us readers;but about the boy's identity... my girlfriend is a non reader, but she noticed that bolton's sigil (on his banners, e.g. behind him when he's talking to the Kingslayer and Brienne in episode 6) is very similar to the cross where Theon is being tortured, so, it won't really be a big surprise to discover who the boy is, even for many non readers... (but as I say, I love how they're developing this plot)
3070	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Culture is part of history, though. Otherwise you're just learning what happened on what date. To truly learn history you have to know the motivations behind the events. He can't teach Theon about things the Iron Islanders have done without telling him why. Especially if he was a little kid. That's a kid's favorite question.I checked the syllabus at Oldtown and can confirm that Iron Islands Cultural Studies is a separate chain- a ferro-boron/ aluminum alloy.
3071	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-11	I checked the syllabus at Oldtown and can confirm that Iron Islands Cultural Studies is a separate chain- a ferro-boron/ aluminum alloy.Of course. I'm not saying they're the same thing. I'm saying you can't teach history without mentioning culture. It's impossible. How do you explain the cause of wars without explaining what made people go hungry or what made people broke, etc. You have to know about the people acting or it's kind of pointless. Or perhaps I'm looking at it in too modern of a way. Meh. I don't think that people casually watching even remember that highborn children are taught history and sigils and stuff by the Maesters anyway.
3072	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Of course. I'm not saying they're the same thing. I'm saying you can't teach history without mentioning culture. It's impossible. How do you explain the cause of wars without explaining what made people go hungry or what made people broke, etc. You have to know about the people acting or it's kind of pointless. Or perhaps I'm looking at it in too modern of a way. Meh. I don't think that people casually watching even remember that highborn children are taught history and sigils and stuff by the Maesters anyway.Theon could have known the Bolton sigil only too well, and been confused that he wasn't being bound and flayed upside-down, like he's supposed to be."Hey, Bastard! You're doing it wrong!"
3073	Mammothsbane	2013-05-11	I dunno.Isnt House Manderley the most powerful northern house after the Starks?I think he was referencing the fact that the Manderly's are all fat.
3074	Weeping Sore	2013-05-11	Of course. I'm not saying they're the same thing. I'm saying you can't teach history without mentioning culture. It's impossible. How do you explain the cause of wars without explaining what made people go hungry or what made people broke, etc. You have to know about the people acting or it's kind of pointless. Or perhaps I'm looking at it in too modern of a way. Meh. I don't think that people casually watching even remember that highborn children are taught history and sigils and stuff by the Maesters anyway.Kidding aside, you're absolutely right. History without reasons is just called a "chronicle"
3075	Minsc	2013-05-11	Culture is part of history, though. Otherwise you're just learning what happened on what date. To truly learn history you have to know the motivations behind the events. He can't teach Theon about things the Iron Islanders have done without telling him why. Especially if he was a little kid. That's a kid's favorite question.I doubt the history of Dogon Greyjoy's wars against the North and Westerlands dealt with Dogon's hatred of fine clothing and jewelery.
3076	Weeping Sore	2013-05-12	I doubt the history of Dogon Greyjoy's wars against the North and Westerlands dealt with Dogon's hatred of fine clothing and jewelery.It's probably a combination of how much did Luwin know about the "Old Way" customs, how much did the Starks really want Luwin teaching Theon about how to be the perfect Iron Islander, and how much did Theon want to pay attention rather than riding, shooting and chasing girls?
3077	liefde	2013-05-15	The thing is though, Theon was on the battlefield with Robb. He'd need to know the Stark bannermen's sigils for practical reasons.
3078	teemo	2013-05-05	Impressed with this scene?  It looked damn good, that's for sure. Also, Tormund's lighter side is actually coming out a bit.  Finally!
3079	dtones520	2013-05-05	I didn't like the part with Orell cutting Jon loose. It was just too Indiana Jonesish to me.
3080	Logodnica	2013-05-05	It looked very good, just wish it lasted longer. I'd rather they cut the Sansa -Loras scene and we get more climb. And the kiss at the end was unnecessary sentimentality
					
					
							Edited by Logodnica, 05 May 2013 - 09:18 PM.
3081	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	I didn't like the part with Orell cutting Jon loose. It was just too Indiana Jonesish to me.Ehh? It was tension. In a TV episode. A fantasy TV episode.Some of the complaints you read are bizarre. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3082	Montey14	2013-05-05	It looked very good, just wish it lasted longer. I'd rather they cut the Sansa -Loras scene and we get more climb. And the kiss at the end was unnecessary sentimentality  agreed about the kiss....but I guess they have to work in some sort of romance....they're gonna have to make Jon feel some pain and loss when she goes down....
3083	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Ehh? It was tension.Not only that, there was also a lot of tension!*ba dum tish*...get it?  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3084	Montey14	2013-05-05	just wish they would throw in a few of tormunds member jokes .....he's too serious ....and an ahhhrgg here and there would be nice too
3085	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	Not only that, there was also a lot of tension!*ba dum tish*...get it?  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />"You looking at my ass Jon Snow?"I dunno about Jon Snow, but I was. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3086	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Not only that, there was also a lot of tension!*ba dum tish*...get it?  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Har har har
3087	Er Rn	2013-05-05	The view from the top was really beautiful.
3088	NickTargaryen	2013-05-05	I think I heard some variation of a "HAR" from Tormund!
					
					
							Edited by NickTargaryen, 05 May 2013 - 09:30 PM.
3089	Blaer Dayle	2013-05-05	I quite liked the scene, looked great (excellent CGI), pretty tense, more dangerous than I'd imagined, and Tormund showed why he's a BAMF. Although the shot where Jon and Ygritte recovered and held each other after being cut off had me thinking "You're still 500 feet above ground hanging off a 4 inch hook, you can wait until you get to the top for that."
3090	Randyll Tarly	2013-05-05	"You looking at my ass Jon Snow?"I dunno about Jon Snow, but I was. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />And since Orell wasn't getting any nice view on Ygritte, decided that the competence needed to be balanced. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3091	nothatso	2013-05-05	I'm really just curious how they plan to handle the rest of Jon's book 3 storyline with how they handled how many people climbed the wall and who was among them.
3092	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	I'm really just curious how they plan to handle the rest of Jon's book 3 storyline with how they handled how many people climbed the wall and who was among them.Jon's crew will throw down ropes for the rest of the wildlings to climb up.
3093	jarl the climber	2013-05-05	This was Jon best episode since season 1. He had some character development the first season, he learned how to follow orders, accpet his place in life, etc. and then proceeded to forget all of this in season 2. Obviously what he needed was to get laid, now that he has lost his virginity it seems to have helped him gain some confidence.
3094	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I liked all of it, but mostly Tormund's humour, har!
3095	Kasrith	2013-05-05	This was Jon best episode since season 1. He had some character development the first season, he learned how to follow orders, accpet his place in life, etc. and then proceeded to forget all of this in season 2. Obviously what he needed was to get laid, now that he has lost his virginity it seems to have helped him gain some confidence.He had a little bit of toughening up last episode even before the sexy time. He stood up to Orel's interrogation
3096	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-05	You guys did notice that they were all hanging from tormund's rope right? I saw that and laughed. "saved by the member!" HAR!
Yea I like Tormund.
I also adore the Bolton's this season and I despised them in the books. seriously this show's brought out something i didnt know i had. LOL I was not shocked at all at Ros' end I enjoyed it. (yea, im so corrupted)
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 05 May 2013 - 09:58 PM.
3097	nothatso	2013-05-05	Jon's crew will throw down ropes for the rest of the wildlings to climb up.Even if they do that, Tormund being among them is a pretty huge change from the book .And didn't Mance only send 20 men with Tormund in the show? That alone signals a major change. I'm not saying it has to be for the worse, but how they handled the Jon/Qhorin stuff last season certainly doesn't make me optimistic.
					
					
							Edited by nothatso, 05 May 2013 - 10:07 PM.
3098	So1ar	2013-05-05	I thought the climb was badass and the view at the top was epic. Sure it was a cheesy kiss but whatever.Even if they do that, Tormund being among them is a pretty huge change from the book .And didn't Mance only send 20 men with Tormund in the show? That alone signals a major change. I'm not saying it has to be for the worse, but how they handled the Jon/Qhorin stuff last season certainly doesn't make me optimistic.Yeah he only sent 20 and it looked like they all died except the 4 characters with names. 4 people can't really attack castle black so i'm not sure what they're going to do. I assume they're going to skip the battle at castle black. In the books Jon runs away and is like "GUYS! There are about 100 wildlings coming up the road!" Now when he gets to castle black he can't really do that. "HEY GUYS! There are 3 wildlings walking this way! What are we going to do?"
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 05 May 2013 - 10:15 PM.
3099	Kyrion	2013-05-05	Did everyone miss the trailers? It showed around 30 wildlings attacking at the queenscrown
3100	nothatso	2013-05-05	Did everyone miss the trailers? It showed around 30 wildlings attacking at the queenscrownWell that's good if true. Still I wonder what they're going to do with Tormund. I recall reading somewhere that Ciaran Hinds said he had another scene with Kristofer Hivju, but I'm not sure if that was true or not.
3101	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	I didn't like the part with Orell cutting Jon loose. It was just too Indiana Jonesish to me.They were making it clear that Orell does not trust or like Jon and never will.
3102	nothatso	2013-05-05	Did everyone miss the trailers? It showed around 30 wildlings attacking at the queenscrownActually I just watched the preview again and I don't think I saw that.
3103	Cersei'sSister	2013-05-05	I didn't like the part with Orell cutting Jon loose. It was just too Indiana Jonesish to me.How many times have I heard the obligatory 'Take my hand!!'?Well, besides that little bit of dialogue cliche , I thought it was fantastic. Even the kiss at the end, cheesy, but I'm a sucker for it.
					
					
							Edited by Cersei'sSister, 05 May 2013 - 11:01 PM.
3104	Arya rules	2013-05-05	Amazing scene.  To expect more than this from a TV show is laughable.  I am sure the armchair QB's could do a much better job, but I thought it was the best scene's I have ever seen.
3105	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	The idea was to get a small group of people to the wall before Mormont could return, Mance is probably taking part of his army on a mad dash towards the wall to get there faster than his entire group could as well.
The idea is to attack them in the Night and open the gate so that wildlings can freely go through the gate and aid their attack? That's what I'd think is the plan at least.
Their going to wait for Mance to give a "signal" so obviously they're not trying to kill everyone like they do with the 200 Thenns in the book.
3106	Tirilei	2013-05-06	It looked very good, just wish it lasted longer. I'd rather they cut the Sansa -Loras scene and we get more climb. And the kiss at the end was unnecessary sentimentalityWhat?? Noooo!! That was perfect!  Finally something good, one little beautiful moment. The two of them on top of the world. Too bad only that the view looked fake.
3107	Tirilei	2013-05-06	The wall climb was the best part of this episode.  As it should be, since the episode is named after it. I also liked the dialogue between Jon an Ygritte. And Jon's look at the guy who cut them loose after Jon pulls up Ygritte. He had that Icelandic snow in his mustache while he gave that look up. Like "I'll get back at you for that..."
I thought Ygritte might not make it up the wall. I'm glad she did.
3108	Florent Vixen	2013-05-06	I have a soft spot for Jon and Ygritte so I was fine
with the kiss. And things like that will add to the
emotional reaction when she goes.
3109	Envie	2013-05-06	I really thought this was the scene where they were going to cut Ygritte instead of how she went in the books. I have no idea why but I felt like they were trying to rush her out so Jon could stop feeling so guilty about breaking his vows or something.
At any rate, I'm looking forward to how Jon's going to pay back Orell because the murderous look he gave him for cutting them loose was great and we know Orell doesn't last anyways.
3110	Damon_Tor	2013-05-06	they're gonna have to make Jon feel some pain and loss when she goes down....I'm confused, I thought HE goes down on HER.
3111	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I thought the climb being spread throughout the show was good. In thebook i don't remember getting the idea of just how much time it took to climb the wall. But having the rest of the show  take place over it make me go "damn that would suck to have to do" If I was a wildling i'm afraid the NW would find me cause i would just want to take a nap.
3112	Sun	2013-05-06	I thought it was awful. I kept expecting to see Sylvester Stallone from Cliffhanger swing into sight.
And that ending?! Good Rhollor what is this? That ending was stupid when they did it in Total Recall and it's moronic in GOT.
3113	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	It was great. The views were terrific, and I like that they're playing up the Jon+Ygritte relationship. Although, with the RW, and Ygritte's death and Tyrion into slavery and all that, I'm concerned that the show might be running out of happier moments.
3114	Joey Beers	2013-05-06	So the scene just before the climb when Ygritte tells Jon she knows he is still a crow was made for tv cheese. At first I didn't get why they added that, but then I realized that it adds depth and emotion to the relationship between those two. That would be fine, except it I think they may slack on Jon's story this season hoping to keep people interested in him because of the whole "love/duty" thing. As a deviation for tv, it isn't a terrible change in the story, but it does seem a patchwork way to keep Jon interesting.
3115	andrew_	2013-05-06	Yeh some people are nitpicking for the sake of nitpicking, it was a great scene from a great show, what more do fans of the books want? Seriously it's just getting ridiculous, the rope cutting was supposed to add tension, the kiss was supposed to play on the emotions of the viewer (and it worked). I mean someone commented it was too "indiana jonesish", that is seriously laughable, pack up your bags and leave because it is clear you know nothing about how to tell a story on screen.
3116	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Yeh some people are nitpicking for the sake of nitpickingIf only they had a specific thread where they could do that...
3117	the hound of sansa	2013-05-06	the climbing of the wall was excellent! it was a little funny that they showed only 4 wildling atop of the wall, but i am sure the others were still climbing. i only wish Tormund had more lines . Har!
					
					
							Edited by the hound of sansa, 06 May 2013 - 02:51 AM.
3118	Nictarion	2013-05-06	The view from the top was really beautiful. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3119	Nictarion	2013-05-06	the climbing of the wall was excellent! it was a little funny that they showed only 4 wildling atop of the wall, but i am sure the others were still climbing. i only wish Tormund had more lines . Har!The climb was badass. As was the view from the top. And yes we need to hear about Tormund's member. That is his favorite thing to talk about after all.
3120	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I was a little bit WTF at Ygritte's comments about him betraying her before the climb. Liked that a bit of Tormund's humour was FINALLY starting to show.
Climb itself I really liked. It really felt as if they were making an exceptional effort to do the scene justice, apart from the 'Grab my hand' line I liked it.
At the top - I can't see why anyone is complaining about the kiss. It fit. It was perfectly justified. And it was a beautiful scene.
----------
Unfortunately, Facebook is being overwhelmed with comments such as: "What? Is climbing some dumb rock more important than the Caleesy now?"
And there is the problem. Dropping the ball on Jon's story for the best part of 10 episodes has caused an all too vociferous minority of viewers to disengage from any story that is about the Wall.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 06 May 2013 - 03:12 AM.
3121	rodrik Cassel	2013-05-06	I dont get why people have issues with some romantic shots. In contrast to my general opinion on lovestorys y+j in the books totally touched me!
I think with the "ygritte knows what you are doing jon snow" change it should be even harder for jon to betray her....
3122	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	Unfortunately, Facebook is being overwhelmed with comments such as: "What? Is climbing some dumb rock more important than the Caleesy now?"And there is the problem. Dropping the ball on Jon's story for the best part of 10 episodes has caused an all too vociferous minority of viewers to disengage from any story that is about the Wall.More like, I don't think anyone has been conveyed about the importance of Jon. A lot of people raged at Eddard's death back in S1 because they thought "OMG THEY KILLED THE PROTAGONIST" and Having read the books, I was stared at as hoping to shed light, despite telling them Eddard was not "the"' protagonist.I'm concerned about how Daenerys will be handled later on, she has no participation in AFfC and she's already made it to Yunkai.
3123	Grandpa House	2013-05-06	The way the Jon & Ygritte stuff played out this ep. made me realize that, for the show, the cave scene should have come AFTER this!! Jon holding on for her during the climb, them looking out over the Wall together, then the kiss. It just seemed SO MUCH MORE NATURAL AND COMPELLING for their romance to have started like this rather than just forcing in the cave scene last ep (given that they had already postponed it from how it was in the book). It seemed so perfectly backwards i'm tempted to think they actually swapped the order in post production... no seriously, watch the ending scene again but pretend that's the first time they kiss/have a romantic connection and you'll see what I mean
					
					
							Edited by Grandpa House, 06 May 2013 - 06:50 AM.
3124	Loras	2013-05-06	I am just going to echo everyone else when I say that Jon finally got some much needed character development in this episode.  I was actually willing the action to jump back to his storyline - maybe for the first time since Season One.I also really liked the ending.  It was nice to have an episode ending on a high - when so many of the episodes from here out are likely to end on lows.  Grandpa House, I think you are totally right regarding the Cave scene.
3125	Versiroth	2013-05-06	The way the Jon & Ygritte stuff played out this ep. made me realize that, for the show, the cave scene should have come AFTER this!! Jon holding on for her during the climb, them looking out over the Wall together, then the kiss. It just seemed SO MUCH MORE NATURAL AND COMPELLING for their romance to have started like this rather than just forcing in the cave scene last ep (given that they had already postponed it from how it was in the book). It seemed so perfectly backwards i'm tempted to think they actually swapped the order in post production... no seriously, watch the ending scene again but pretend that's the first time they kiss/have a romantic connection and you'll see what I meanI think it's better this way, because the sex wasn't about love. It was just something the free folk do without much reservation.   The kiss, however, was more of a "falling for one another" type moment.	Which is great, because it builds up some history for the two characters that will pull on the viewers later when Jon has to leave her and eventually finds her dead after the battle.   I thought the whole scene was great and just like in the books, Jon's story, for me, is the most fun to watch.Also, as far as Ygritte knowing that Jon hadn't turned his cloak yet, it also plays very well into their relationship and the fact that she's falling in love with him.   She wants to believe that he's hers and that he will be loyal to her before all others.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 06 May 2013 - 07:29 AM.
3126	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	I loved it. I thought it looked beautiful and I love the development of Jon & Ygritte's story. As we know, this series is low on happy love stories and Jon & Ygritte is one of those rare (though short-lived) moments where a favorite character gets a bit of happiness. I loved the ending with the beautiful views and the kiss between the two of them. It's nice to have that moment, especially knowing what is to come.
And finally, finally, finally we got a small glimpse of the real Tormund. Please let there be more of that to come.
3127	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I loved the climb, I just wish they showed better how many wildlings were involved with Tormod's scouting group. 20 or 4?
3128	Sikory	2013-05-06	I tought it looked great. I could have done without the clichAs, but it worked.
Maybe its a little bit nitpicking, but anyone else think that the wall looked a bit thin at the top, they took like 4 steps and they were on the other side of the ledge.
3129	Tirilei	2013-05-06	From the moment she was no longer his prisoner up to now, she protected him and she was the one driving the course of events. But now they are in "his territory" and it shows when he kisses her (instead of her kissing him in the cave) and puts his arm around her. Like "this is my world down there, and I'll be the protector now."
3130	blood of the dragoon	2013-05-06	I tought it looked great. I could have done without the clichAs, but it worked.Maybe its a little bit nitpicking, but anyone else think that the wall looked a bit thin at the top, they took like 4 steps and they were on the other side of the ledge.Definitely too thin. Definitely nitpicking. Also more tormund. I need to hear about his insane escapades with bears and all about his legendary member.
3131	boojam	2013-05-06	I didn't like the part with Orell cutting Jon loose. It was just too Indiana Jonesish to me.That flourish was an action movie cliche. D&D should have cut it out of the script.I was confused because I thought they were climbing in pairs , Tormund and Orell, Jon and Ygritte , not in fours.Odd thing from season previews there is a scene, scenes?, of what is a party of more than four Wilding on the south side of the wall.Tormund plants a rope and has some who are waiting come up?Or were there parties, off in the distance we did not see?All for the time they have in one episode pretty much duplicates what George had in the book.Crampons and bolt anchors... interesting gear for a low technology world, but it's an alternate universe so why not!
3132	Dove	2013-05-06	I am just going to echo everyone else when I say that Jon finally got some much needed character development in this episode.  I was actually willing the action to jump back to his storyline - maybe for the first time since Season One.Agreed, this episode was nice after what felt like a season of Jon taking a total backseat.In addition to Jon and Ygritte, we got Tormund smiling and being a cool dude! Orell being an interesting antagonist! Thought it was a good episode for the wildlings storyline.
3133	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-06	Love, love, love anything to do with the Wall, wish we got more scenes or longer scenes. The ending had kind of a Disney feel to it (and they lived happily ever after) but it was a nice change from what we usually get at the end of episodes.
3134	Versiroth	2013-05-06	That flourish was an action movie cliche. D&D should have cut it out of the script.I was confused because I thought they were climbing in pairs , Tormund and Orell, Jon and Ygritte , not in fours.Odd thing from season previews there is a scene, scenes?, of what is a party of more than four Wilding on the south side of the wall.Tormund plants a rope and has some who are waiting come up?Or were there parties, off in the distance we did not see?All for the time they have in one episode pretty much duplicates what George had in the book.Crampons and bolt anchors... interesting gear for a low technology world, but it's an alternate universe so why not!In the book, most of the Magnar's party came up via a ladder after the scaling party was at the top.
3135	Young Nan	2013-05-06	I really thought this was the scene where they were going to cut Ygritte instead of how she went in the books. I have no idea why but I felt like they were trying to rush her out so Jon could stop feeling so guilty about breaking his vows or something.At any rate, I'm looking forward to how Jon's going to pay back Orell because the murderous look he gave him for cutting them loose was great and we know Orell doesn't last anyways.I thought that too, I figured since there were like 4 people, they weren't going to do the whole queenscrown scene with the old man, and maybe she would just die right then and simplify things.
3136	JMJ	2013-05-06	I thought the scene was very good. I liked that Jon is showing some balls finally. He was scared like a baby before the climb, but when the shit hit the fan with the wall collapse bit, he manned up and did it.
But, what does everyone think of the change in Ygritte's storyline - she tells Jon how she knows he's "still a crow" and that her secret will die with her, basically. Interesting telegraph of her demise for show-only viewers.
3137	Young Nan	2013-05-06	I think I heard some variation of a "HAR" from Tormund!It was more of a "heh".
3138	-Ghost-	2013-05-06	That scene was legen-wait for it-dary. Jon got smashed in the face with an ice block and shook it off like a boss, lol.
I hope now that Tormund has survived a near death experience he starts breaking out some hars and funny stuff.
3139	rodrik Cassel	2013-05-06	I think the way she explained it was why to reflected for her savage character but i guess she keeping the secret to her is her way to say: the things I do for love /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3140	pavel	2013-05-06	Liked it, though Jon pulling Ygritte up seemed a bit too much. I mean, isn't the wall slippery? Doesn't seem possible to pull someone up like that! I loved how Ygritte killed 2 parties who were climbing so far away, that was quite unexpected and somewhat amusing.
A bit offtopic, I'm curious about the chronology of events. In episode 3 Jon reaches the fist of the first men (I think so). Episode 4 has Sam fleeing Craster's keep, and episode 6 has him "few days away" from the wall. Question: how much time passed, and how could Jon's party get ahead of Sam when they started so far behind? Surely they're faster than Sam and Gilly, but they also had twice the ground to cover.
Enlighten me, wise ones.
3141	Greywolf2375	2013-05-06	I quite liked the scene, looked great (excellent CGI), pretty tense, more dangerous than I'd imagined, and Tormund showed why he's a BAMF. Although the shot where Jon and Ygritte recovered and held each other after being cut off had me thinking "You're still 500 feet above ground hanging off a 4 inch hook, you can wait until you get to the top for that."I took that as more "holy shit, we're still alive and breathing" than anything romantic.I liked the scene, I loved the way the vertigo was used when Jon looked down the first time.  would have LOVED to hear Jon's thought of "The Wall defends itself" - though maybe that will come up. To me that adds more mystique about how the Wildlings look at the wall, the spells in the wall, etc.
3142	Zorpack	2013-05-06	I think it's better this way, because the sex wasn't about love. It was just something the free folk do without much reservation.   The kiss, however, was more of a "falling for one another" type moment.	Which is great, because it builds up some history for the two characters that will pull on the viewers later when Jon has to leave her and eventually finds her dead after the battle.   I thought the whole scene was great and just like in the books, Jon's story, for me, is the most fun to watch.Also, as far as Ygritte knowing that Jon hadn't turned his cloak yet, it also plays very well into their relationship and the fact that she's falling in love with him.   She wants to believe that he's hers and that he will be loyal to her before all others. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  To add, from a woman's perspective though not a wildling woman, but thinking as if I were one (mouthful) that dialogue showed Ygritte's realty......she says it herself. They are both from separate groups/brotherhoods. Both to which assume loyalty from their members but give none in return. So in a sense she says, "the Nightswatch doesn't care if you die and Mance doesn't care if I die.....but we care if one another dies, so lets never betray one another and keep each other alive no matter what and also, I dont care if your a turncloak, you're mine now and I want you any way you are traitor or not as long as you don't betray me." WHoooo0oo glad I got that out.
					
					
							Edited by Zorpack, 06 May 2013 - 11:46 AM.
3143	Gannicus	2013-05-06	I thought it was a great scene. Tormund really started to be the Tormund I thought we would see, a BAMF. I didn't even mind the kiss.
I am a little worried on how they are going to play Yigrette/Jon and the defense of Castle Black
3144	Zorpack	2013-05-06	Liked it, though Jon pulling Ygritte up seemed a bit too much. I mean, isn't the wall slippery? Doesn't seem possible to pull someone up like that! I loved how Ygritte killed 2 parties who were climbing so far away, that was quite unexpected and somewhat amusing.A bit offtopic, I'm curious about the chronology of events. In episode 3 Jon reaches the fist of the first men (I think so). Episode 4 has Sam fleeing Craster's keep, and episode 6 has him "few days away" from the wall. Question: how much time passed, and how could Jon's party get ahead of Sam when they started so far behind? Surely they're faster than Sam and Gilly, but they also had twice the ground to cover.Enlighten me, wise ones.Wise one: "Who cares, it's a fantasy"
3145	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I've been wondering this...
Is there anyway you can say Har! without it sounding really bad? I'm not even sure its pronounceable
3146	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I've been wondering this...Is there anyway you can say Har! without it sounding really bad? I'm not even sure its pronounceableYou can't. People don't want to acknowledge that.<3 TV Tormund.
3147	Faceless Sam	2013-05-06	It looked very good, just wish it lasted longer. I'd rather they cut the Sansa -Loras scene and we get more climb. And the kiss at the end was unnecessary sentimentalitywell, it wont be that sentimental when he shoots an arrow in her face, so dont fear.
3148	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-05-06	Liked it, though Jon pulling Ygritte up seemed a bit too much. I mean, isn't the wall slippery? Doesn't seem possible to pull someone up like that! I loved how Ygritte killed 2 parties who were climbing so far away, that was quite unexpected and somewhat amusing.A bit offtopic, I'm curious about the chronology of events. In episode 3 Jon reaches the fist of the first men (I think so). Episode 4 has Sam fleeing Craster's keep, and episode 6 has him "few days away" from the wall. Question: how much time passed, and how could Jon's party get ahead of Sam when they started so far behind? Surely they're faster than Sam and Gilly, but they also had twice the ground to cover.Enlighten me, wise ones. I assume that Sam has gotten them lost as fuck on their escape from Crasters. At least he got to flash his dragonglass, so The Other puddle shouldn't be that far off.
3149	juanml82	2013-05-06	Liked it, though Jon pulling Ygritte up seemed a bit too much. I mean, isn't the wall slippery? Doesn't seem possible to pull someone up like that! I loved how Ygritte killed 2 parties who were climbing so far away, that was quite unexpected and somewhat amusing.A bit offtopic, I'm curious about the chronology of events. In episode 3 Jon reaches the fist of the first men (I think so). Episode 4 has Sam fleeing Craster's keep, and episode 6 has him "few days away" from the wall. Question: how much time passed, and how could Jon's party get ahead of Sam when they started so far behind? Surely they're faster than Sam and Gilly, but they also had twice the ground to cover.Enlighten me, wise ones.Well, they didn't stop at Craster's. It is implied the watchmen were there for a several days waiting for the injured to get better before the mutiny.
3150	pavel	2013-05-06	Well, they didn't stop at Craster's. It is implied the watchmen were there for a several days waiting for the injured to get better before the mutiny.Ah that's a good point thanks, I hadn't thought about that. I was thinking as if Sam stopped at Craster's for a few hours before he ran away.
3151	shiola	2013-05-06	This was Jon best episode since season 1. He had some character development the first season, he learned how to follow orders, accpet his place in life, etc. and then proceeded to forget all of this in season 2. That made me laugh because that's such an accurate assessment of TV Jon Snow.  "You remember all those smart things I was taught?  Eh, neither do I.  *makes dumb decisions*"I thought that the lovebirds kissing ~on the top of the world~ with the sun coming out for the last shot of the episode was cheesey and just... not good.
3152	Warrior Queen	2013-05-06	I've been wondering this...Is there anyway you can say Har! without it sounding really bad? I'm not even sure its pronounceableYou can't. People don't want to acknowledge that.<3 TV Tormund.I just wanted to bring this up!When i try to say Har I sound like a retarded pirate.I mean, if the actor can't say with without it sounding ridiculous it's better to just cut it.TV-Tormund is great, i love his red beard, he definitely looks the part! Plus he is nice yet intimidating!
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 06 May 2013 - 02:10 PM.
3153	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I thought that the lovebirds kissing ~on the top of the world~ with the sun coming out for the last shot of the episode was cheesey and just... not good.It seems out of place because they have butchered Jon's story and the Wildlings as a people. Had his 'conversion' to them been convincing, had them as a people worthy of 'conversion' made it justifiable, and had the relationship with Ygritte had any more depth than "Now we are shagging. Now we in luvs 4eva" then the scene would have fit so much more. It really should have been seen as a great new hope for Jon and his new people the Wildlings but because the development has not been carried out, the justification for an emotional connection can't be made.  I actually like the scene, but I don't expect anyone else to.
3154	King of the Road	2013-05-06	I just wanted to bring this up!When i try to say Har I sound like a retarded pirate.I mean, if the actor can't say with without it sounding ridiculous it's better to just cut it.TV-Tormund is great, i love his red beard, he definitely looks the part! Plus he is nice yet intimidating!You can't deny that TV Tormund has one hell of a voice as well!
3155	Derfel Cadarn	2013-05-06	Really impressed by the Ygritte actress, she's nailed the character imho.
3156	Young Nan	2013-05-06	Really impressed by the Ygritte actress, she's nailed the character imho.Me too, I feel like she's the only wildling character that conveys the free-spirited nature of the wildlings, she seems like shes really enjoying giving Jon a hard time for acting so serious all of the time.   The rest of them just look like gruff depressed people trudging through the snow in a depressed way.
3157	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Wise one: "Who cares, it's a fantasy"Ha!I thought the scene was aesthetically amazing.
3158	insertname	2013-05-06	Absolutely STUNNING work on photography, direction of the scene, etc.
Not such a big fan of the writing, some of the lines were quite cheesy, and although I'm not normally the guy to notice this, there were several small things that bothered me (Like a 4 inch spike in the ice stopping their fall, the fact that Tormund and Orell seem to have disappeared for Jon&Ygritte's kiss, the ultra-cheesy "take my hand"...)
3159	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	I LOVE TORMUND !!!!
I think it was a great scene. The final scene was great I immediately looked to find what the music was /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3160	Dornish Hen	2013-05-06	I liked the climbing scenes.  Even knowing the outcome, it still made me sit up on the edge of my chair!
 I am ready for some true Tormund!!  I'm glad to have caught a glimpse of it this episode.  You guys are making me thing there won't be any Har!s in the show.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />   
The kiss scene was completely cheesy, but I do understand what the show was trying to do.  It was showing Jon is developing true feelings for Ygritte.  He was the one who kissed her after he saw how she felt as she was looking at the other side of the wall.  It'll make the eventual ending of that relationship a tearjerker.
3161	Darryk	2013-05-06	High point of the episode for me.
Was good to see Jon's story get more attention this episode, feels like it's been a bit neglected this season, overshadowed by Jaimie/Brienne and Dany. Needed something to ramp it up and remind the audience that he's an important character.
3162	Bolton's Bastard	2013-05-06	Am I the only one who fully expected a gratuitous "Har!!" after shouting "Just seeing if you can take a hit lad!" to Jon with that big grin on his face. Would have been perfect.
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 06 May 2013 - 05:03 PM.
3163	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	Visually stunning scene, although I could have done without the goofy long kiss at the end. 
I too am shocked by the ongoing absence of jokes related to Tormund's member. We know the writers aren't shy about discussing/showing private parts. I expected them to be all about the member comments.
3164	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Tormund has only just begun to be friendly with Jon. He has plenty of time to talk about his member.
3165	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	Finally we're getting some ''HA's'' and ''HEH's'' from Tormund, BOT AS OF YET, NO ''HAR'S''
I NEED A ''HAR''
3166	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	Lol I loved the ending. I loved the kiss. I loved the beautiful landscape around them. I loved the music.
3167	GoodGuyA	2013-05-06	Visuals were great throughout it, and generally one of the most impressive TV spectacles in a long while. I especially liked how the under layer of the wall was very shiny, y'know, how ice actually is. It was a bit straining on credulity, bu dammit you have to be impressed if not engaged! That was stellar work around for most. But with the kiss at the end, the one thing I couldn't stand was the crane pulling back. Though it revealed more of the lovely painted land (someone at the art team is really channeling Ted Nadsmith /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) it was just unnecessary. I could buy the whole 'grateful for each other and to be alive', but they really sucked all they could out of the scene.
3168	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	The actor playing Jon is just awful.
3169	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	Tormund actually laughed in this episode... I approve.
I don't think we'll get any "HAR!" scenes because that sounds ridiculous and forced. I'm fine with the hearty laugh he had in this episode.
3170	Tirilei	2013-05-06	Most of you guys are so anti-romance.  If you climbed a mountain with your new love and eventually got to the top and enjoyed a stunning view, wouldn't you be kissing?  And what's so bad about "take my hand", what else was he supposed to say?
3171	lostinwesteros	2013-05-06	Yeah, I'm really liking the way Tormund is shaping up, and I thought the shots of the Wall were outstanding!  But the Jon/Ygritte storyline is really bugging me, and the sentimentality at the end was just too, too much.
3172	Young Nan	2013-05-06	The actor playing Jon is just awful.I like him as Jon, but have you seen him in silent hill? his attempt at an American accent was painful.  I think he does well as Jon just because Jon is a character without a high emotional range anyways.
3173	Tirilei	2013-05-06	The actor playing Jon is just awful.Because he doesn't act out emotions very often? He once described Jon as an emotionally stunted person, so I think he intentionally portrays him as somber, quiet, introverted, often just giving a serious look with an unmoved face.  I prefer his style over the style of actors who overact their characters, which for example Alfie Allen sometimes does with Theon when he opens his eyes extra wide or looks overly angry, etc.
3174	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	I don't really like the way Jon/Ygritte has shaped. Without Jon's internal monologue's, there isn't any real way to convey it, but I liked in the novels the way Jon was really struggling with the idea of leaving the Watch. 
It would have been tough to show on-screen, but Jon never really looked like he was "into" Ygritte and being a wildling, whereas in the books, he was. Jon just constantly looks uncomfortable and his interactions are so forced. I don't understand how anyone could possibly believe he has truly turned his cloak.
3175	Arkash	2013-05-06	Finally some real Tormund !
3176	Arkash	2013-05-06	Most of you guys are so anti-romance.  If you climbed a mountain with your new love and eventually got to the top and enjoyed a stunning view, wouldn't you be kissing?  And what's so bad about "take my hand", what else was he supposed to say? Thank you for that ! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 06 May 2013 - 10:50 PM.
3177	Hana Oklapi Salihagic	2013-05-07	Most of you guys are so anti-romance.  If you climbed a mountain with your new love and eventually got to the top and enjoyed a stunning view, wouldn't you be kissing?  And what's so bad about "take my hand", what else was he supposed to say?Bravo!
3178	Garlan Marius	2013-05-07	Is anyone else expecting a reveal about Orell being Ygritte's ex-boyfriend?
3179	Tirilei	2013-05-07	Thank you for that ! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Despise for the genre, eh? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Probably a thing of women like it and guys don't.  Just as the actor... any female viewers complaining about him?  Heh....
3180	andrew_	2013-05-07	what else was he supposed to say?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3C3poU_0sK4
3181	Essan	2013-05-07	I didn't like the part with Orell cutting Jon loose. It was just too Indiana Jonesish to me.It was, but it was also an interesting 'Touching the Void' moment: what Orell did was exacty what he should have done in that situation (had it been a real life climb) given that he and Tormund couldn't simply haul Jon and Ygritte up (which in the real world they would not have been able to do).   Mind, not sure anyone in our world could have climbed such a sheer wall of ice with such primitive crampons and axes anyway and I'm not sure their belay points were that good either ...... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3182	Clout_in_the_ear	2013-05-07	Most of you guys are so anti-romance.  If you climbed a mountain with your new love and eventually got to the top and enjoyed a stunning view, wouldn't you be kissing?  And what's so bad about "take my hand", what else was he supposed to say?^^ Agree, how could you not kiss someone you love in that situation?In addition, knowing the fate of their relationship, for me, it had a powerfully tragic and sad undercurrent. Jon and Ygritte's relationship is doomed and they know it, but they choose to forget that and share a beautiful and genuine moment together wile it still exists. The perfect bitter-sweet ending to an episode the series is known for.Think back to Littlefinger's monologue where he say's "The climb is all there is". The last scene is basically saying there is more to life than that. There is love. A masterful counter point.
3183	oierem	2013-05-07	I think it's better this way, because the sex wasn't about love. It was just something the free folk do without much reservation.   The kiss, however, was more of a "falling for one another" type moment.	Which is great, because it builds up some history for the two characters that will pull on the viewers later when Jon has to leave her and eventually finds her dead after the battle.   I thought the whole scene was great and just like in the books, Jon's story, for me, is the most fun to watch.Also, as far as Ygritte knowing that Jon hadn't turned his cloak yet, it also plays very well into their relationship and the fact that she's falling in love with him.   She wants to believe that he's hers and that he will be loyal to her before all others.I agree. Essentially, their love story is being delayed. In the books,they suddenly start having sex off-page, before the cave scene, which is the more romantic scene, Jon committing himself to Ygritte. In the show, the cave scene is retained but it's the first time they have sex, and it's not about romance: Ygritte uses sex to force Jon to choose her over the NW. And the after-climb scene was the equivalent of the romantic scene in the cave in the books.Loved every scene with Jon, and I understand why they decided not to focus on Ygritte and him in the first part of the season. The final scene was uniquely epic and happy-ish: loved it.
3184	Tirilei	2013-05-07	And the music as well as the partially cloudy, partially sunny sky also reflect a bitter-sweet theme. By the way, I wonder if the show creators got some of their inspiration for the wall scenes from the Swiss Eiger "north wall" (the famous north face of the mountain) for the climb and from the neighboring Jungfraujoch for the top of the wall scene.  Lots of similarity, the way they walked from the view down to the colder side over to the view down the other, greener side with just a few steps.
3185	SeventySeven	2013-05-08	I'm on board with the Jon/Ygritte changes too at this point, because it makes it all the more poignant when it all goes tits up. Ygritte's death was heartbreaking in the books, but I think it would be even better in the show because of how they made it. And it's such an important step towards who Jon ends up to be, I'm finally looking forward to Jon's storyline now.
3186	Mulled Wino	2013-05-08	Because he doesn't act out emotions very often? He once described Jon as an emotionally stunted person, so I think he intentionally portrays him as somber, quiet, introverted, often just giving a serious look with an unmoved face.  I prefer his style over the style of actors who overact their characters, which for example Alfie Allen sometimes does with Theon when he opens his eyes extra wide or looks overly angry, etc.He also described him as shortsighted and not very smart.  I believe he's got the wrong perspective on Jon and it hurts his portrayal.He's also the victim of some poor writing.
3187	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-08	It was, but it was also an interesting 'Touching the Void' moment: what Orell did was exacty what he should have done in that situation (had it been a real life climb) given that he and Tormund couldn't simply haul Jon and Ygritte up (which in the real world they would not have been able to do).   Mind, not sure anyone in our world could have climbed such a sheer wall of ice with such primitive crampons and axes anyway and I'm not sure their belay points were that good either ...... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />It is known.
3188	Clout_in_the_ear	2013-05-08	The kiss Jon Snow shares at the top of the wall could arguably be the happiest moment of his life. It only goes downhill from there.
3189	juanml82	2013-05-08	He also described him as shortsighted and not very smart.  I believe he's got the wrong perspective on Jon and it hurts his portrayal.He's also the victim of some poor writing.what? Damn. Jon's character is screwed. Jon Snow is probably the smartest of the Starks. Granted, that's not saying much, but still.
3190	Tirilei	2013-05-08	He also described him as shortsighted and not very smart.  I believe he's got the wrong perspective on Jon and it hurts his portrayal.He's also the victim of some poor writing.Really?  I haven't heard that. From his interviews, I always got the impression that he feels rather close to the character and sees similarities between himself and the character insofar as they are both introverts who worry a lot.
3191	JMJ	2013-05-08	He also described him as shortsighted and not very smart.  I believe he's got the wrong perspective on Jon and it hurts his portrayal.He's also the victim of some poor writing.I'm not sure Kit Harington has stated he thinks Jon is dumb. RE: the writing, I agree they could have to date given viewers more of the same glimpse into Jon's thinking the books have. It's tough, as with all the POV characters, to get into their heads on screen without a cheesy voice over.For Jon, there are two additional issues. Unlike many of the other POVs, he's an introvert, so by nature he doesn't speak much in the books. We KNOW he's smart and a good guy based on what we see about his thought process in addition to his actions. However, his actions don't really kick up a notch until he becomes LC, and we see his planning ability and foresight. Up to now on the show, we've seen Jon save Mormont from the reanimated guy, kill Qhorin, and now make it up the wall. Like the books, not much. The other big show vs. book issue is Jon's age-up for the show. In the books, we see him as a sullen teenager who quickly grows up as LC. The sullen teen thing obviously doesn't quite work for a Jon who looks to be in his twenties. I think given these issues, I am more than happy with show Jon. I'd expect we will see better and more Jon action with Queenscrown, the first Castle Black battle, and of course eventually as LC.
3192	Versiroth	2013-05-08	Visually stunning scene, although I could have done without the goofy long kiss at the end.I too am shocked by the ongoing absence of jokes related to Tormund's member. We know the writers aren't shy about discussing/showing private parts. I expected them to be all about the member comments.So, a kiss after a near death experience is goofy, but a bunch of penis jokes is A-OK?
3193	Young Nan	2013-05-08	I agree with Jay and Tirelei.  I got the impression from kit that he takes his character seriously and actually enjoys the books, he was talking in an interview about reviewing them multiple times before shooting each season which obviously is not mandatory but I think it reflects his commitment.   That said, Jon is a melancholy, quiet person who sort of has a chip on his shoulder, and I think Kit nails it.   Like Jay said, we aren't in his head in the series, as we are in the books, so outwardly all we are seeing is a guy with a somber personality.  We don't get the insight into his intelligence and motivation as we do in the books.
3194	Mammothsbane	2013-05-08	I'm not sure Kit Harington has stated he thinks Jon is dumb. RE: the writing, I agree they could have to date given viewers more of the same glimpse into Jon's thinking the books have. It's tough, as with all the POV characters, to get into their heads on screen without a cheesy voice over.For Jon, there are two additional issues. Unlike many of the other POVs, he's an introvert, so by nature he doesn't speak much in the books. We KNOW he's smart and a good guy based on what we see about his thought process in addition to his actions. However, his actions don't really kick up a notch until he becomes LC, and we see his planning ability and foresight. Up to now on the show, we've seen Jon save Mormont from the reanimated guy, kill Qhorin, and now make it up the wall. Like the books, not much.The other big show vs. book issue is Jon's age-up for the show. In the books, we see him as a sullen teenager who quickly grows up as LC. The sullen teen thing obviously doesn't quite work for a Jon who looks to be in his twenties.I think given these issues, I am more than happy with show Jon. I'd expect we will see better and more Jon action with Queenscrown, the first Castle Black battle, and of course eventually as LC.They should have kept Ghost with him and given Jon an outlet to vent his feelings.
3195	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	I had no problems with the kiss. Yes, it was cheesy. Yes, it screamed Hollywood. But come on people this IS Television! and the show was lacking a good romance. After an almost death experience it would make perfect sense for the two lovebirds to share a kiss, and the lanscape was beautiful. The kiss was perfect television-wise. Even I (an anti romantic, whose heart is made of stone according to my friends) felt something with that kiss, specially knowing what's coming (Ygritte's death). Besides, so far in this season Ygritte and Jon have had what two romantic scenes? The cave, and the litlle glance of Ygritte when she took him to Mance.... that's it, I think. They needed to add that kiss and more romance to make it more tragic when she dies. However, I didn't like that Jon is more afraid of climbing the Wall than Ygritte. The beautiful thing about Jon and Ygritte's relationship is that it is pretty even and healthy. They both learn from each other. At the begining, they both are afraid of each other's world, but then they start realizing that is not that bad. Wouldn't it have been better to see badass Ygritte afraid of something just for once? To see Jon conforting and reassuring her? To see that wildlings are just as afraid of the south of the Wall as the people in the south are afraid of the north of the Wall? I mean she's never even seen the danm Wall. Wildlings hate the Wall. I would have loved to see that contrast of perspectives that these two worlds have about the Wall, and I would have loved a mention of the Horn of Joramun /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'm glad that Tormund is finally getting more colorful. His little Har! (well it was more a Hah!, but close enough) made me sooooo happy! But I would like him to tell some stories. My other problem is Kit. I wasn't convinced with him in season one, and I'm still not convinced. He's acting is very bad IMO.
3196	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	From the moment she was no longer his prisoner up to now, she protected him and she was the one driving the course of events. But now they are in "his territory" and it shows when he kisses her (instead of her kissing him in the cave) and puts his arm around her. Like "this is my world down there, and I'll be the protector now." YES YES YES this is exactly what I thought when watching it its a strong scene but people are over looking it because it has some cliche or cheesy factors to it :/ Liked it, though Jon pulling Ygritte up seemed a bit too much. I mean, isn't the wall slippery? Doesn't seem possible to pull someone up like that! I loved how Ygritte killed 2 parties who were climbing so far away, that was quite unexpected and somewhat amusing.oh gods yeah that moment when the ice starts cracking and suddenly grow huge, har, the look on her face is priceless!It seems out of place because they have butchered Jon's story and the Wildlings as a people. Had his 'conversion' to them been convincing, had them as a people worthy of 'conversion' made it justifiable, and had the relationship with Ygritte had any more depth than "Now we are shagging. Now we in luvs 4eva" then the scene would have fit so much more. It really should have been seen as a great new hope for Jon and his new people the Wildlings but because the development has not been carried out, the justification for an emotional connection can't be made.  I actually like the scene, but I don't expect anyone else to.I agree with everything about this ^ ive been very disappointed with the sheer slaughter of Jons story line. I really loved his progression to falling for Ygritte its one of my favourite and most heart wrenching parts of the book series so far for me. (clearly by my name I a quite a fan of J&Y) they have cheapened it so much through the adaption that it saddens me my non reading friends cant understand the whole process as it unfolds.
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 09 May 2013 - 09:09 AM.
3197	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	You can't deny that TV Tormund has one hell of a voice as well!oh my goodness I melted the first time I heard him talking in the tent.. I was like "oh steal me Tormund!"
3198	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	The kiss scene was completely cheesy, but I do understand what the show was trying to do.  It was showing Jon is developing true feelings for Ygritte.  He was the one who kissed her after he saw how she felt as she was looking at the other side of the wall.  It'll make the eventual ending of that relationship a tearjerker.exactly, and given the way they have rather let us down with J&Y progressing story line I think they had to put some real sappy stuff in, and it was more than just some bug kiss it an overwhelming moment for the two of them, the fear that they could have lost one another and a moment that looks like it will kick start a transition in the relationship. all this we needed to make their/her ending all the more hear breakingIs anyone else expecting a reveal about Orell being Ygritte's ex-boyfriend?I had been expecting that from the start when I realised who he was. the Orel in the books was with Ygritte when Jon 'stole' her, she mentioned that in one of his chapters, but it was not said if Orel had staked a claim in her before Jon came a killed his human body
3199	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	what? Damn. Jon's character is screwed. Jon Snow is probably the smartest of the Starks. Granted, that's not saying much, but still.I'm not sure Kit Harington has stated he thinks Jon is dumb. RE: the writing, I agree they could have to date given viewers more of the same glimpse into Jon's thinking the books have. It's tough, as with all the POV characters, to get into their heads on screen without a cheesy voice over.For Jon, there are two additional issues. Unlike many of the other POVs, he's an introvert, so by nature he doesn't speak much in the books. We KNOW he's smart and a good guy based on what we see about his thought process in addition to his actions. However, his actions don't really kick up a notch until he becomes LC, and we see his planning ability and foresight. Up to now on the show, we've seen Jon save Mormont from the reanimated guy, kill Qhorin, and now make it up the wall. Like the books, not much. The other big show vs. book issue is Jon's age-up for the show. In the books, we see him as a sullen teenager who quickly grows up as LC. The sullen teen thing obviously doesn't quite work for a Jon who looks to be in his twenties. I think given these issues, I am more than happy with show Jon. I'd expect we will see better and more Jon action with Queenscrown, the first Castle Black battle, and of course eventually as LC.I agree with both here ^ Jon was much smarter than TV Jon. I think its in part due to us not being able to read whats happening in his head, and part due to his storyline being so neglected, I don't want to say its bad writing.. simply not enough writing or credit due to JonThey should have kept Ghost with him and given Jon an outlet to vent his feelings. this, I was sure they would have done for this season. as each episode came out I was just wishing Ghost would make his way back to Jon, so non reading viewers could understand the intensity of Jons inner turmoil, but I guess conflicting emotions are hard to present externally, especially when your character is actually trying his hardest to hide said turmoil from being easily viewed by people around him... hmmf  but back to OP the climb scene was great!! very happy tormund is starting to lighten up a bit XD rant over..
3200	Darryk	2013-05-09	I must be one of the few people who thought the kiss scene at the end was quite poignant. It gave the characters a moment of solace amidst all the turmoil. something very rare in this story. Also, someone suggested that having it occur right after LF's monologue about "the climb" was a way of showing that for Jon, the climb is not "all there is".
3201	FlipFantastic	2013-05-09	Whoa, Ygritee is a stage 5 clinger!
i thought last week was bad when Ygritte went from the cool outdoorsy chick to, "I never want to leave this cave with you Jon Snow.  Not ever and ever and everrr..."  or something like that.  But, this week!.... yikes, she threatens to kill him, confesses her true love, and again repeats her desire to be with him and only him and nothing else matters.  That all happened very very fast, one crazy girl!  
Run away, Jon Snow, as fast as you can!
					
					
							Edited by FlipFantastic, 09 May 2013 - 01:47 PM.
3202	Dornish Hen	2013-05-09	You can't deny that TV Tormund has one hell of a voice as well!I'd like for Tormund, Berric, and Jorah to have a voice off.  RIght now, I'm rooting for Tormund.  Har!
3203	King of the Road	2013-05-10	I'd like for Tormund, Berric, and Jorah to have a voice off.  RIght now, I'm rooting for Tormund.  Har!Nah, as good as Tormund and Beric are I'm not sure they'd last a second against the majesty of Iain Glen!
3204	Pugsley	2013-05-10	I must be one of the few people who thought the kiss scene at the end was quite poignant. It gave the characters a moment of solace amidst all the turmoil. something very rare in this story. Also, someone suggested that having it occur right after LF's monologue about "the climb" was a way of showing that for Jon, the climb is not "all there is".I agree. Maybe I'm a sap but I found the ending quite moving. And I wasn't a fan of Jon/Ygritte in the books. Maybe I was just so happy that the show finally remembered Jon Snow exists! I read a post elsewhere from a non-book reader who described Jon's storyline as an unimportant side plot and just groaned.As for Kit Harington calling Jon "dumb," he said in a later interview that it was taken out of context, and what he meant was that Jon will often act on instinct, rather than thinking everything through ahead of time.
3205	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	I agree. Maybe I'm a sap but I found the ending quite moving. And I wasn't a fan of Jon/Ygritte in the books. Maybe I was just so happy that the show finally remembered Jon Snow exists! I read a post elsewhere from a non-book reader who described Jon's storyline as an unimportant side plot and just groaned.As for Kit Harington calling Jon "dumb," he said in a later interview that it was taken out of context, and what he meant was that Jon will often act on instinct, rather than thinking everything through ahead of time. I know exactly how you mean. people keep forgetting about Jon and truly seeing him as a side character (clearly not people who have read the books) and I cant say I blame them, there just hasn't been enough of his story for people to understand and become attached to his plot. the TV adaption really hasn't done poor Jonny justice and I worry it will effect Jons credibility as a LC.it doesn't help that Jon is quite a silent character (from an external pov) since we have had the advantage of being in his head we can appreciate the difficult decisions feeling he battles at every step. but this scene this week was just what the viewers needed, to say "see people this guys still here and he is actually pretty interesting"
3206	Tirilei	2013-05-10	The Jon and Ygritte relationship is the best relationship in the entire series so far. I wish they could both stay around. Since everyone says Ygritte is going to die, that's too bad, and I'll sure miss her. She is one woman I could identify with. That will be a big loss for the series, if she is not there any more. It would have been great to see her encounter the southern world and confront some of the other characters, especially other women.
3207	Broken Fox	2013-05-10	Jon's story is getting better, but it pales in comparison to the books. Goofball acting from Harington, no Ghost, and the oddly rushed romance = /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
3208	Mammothsbane	2013-05-10	I'd like for Tormund, Berric, and Jorah to have a voice off.  RIght now, I'm rooting for Tormund.  Har!Littlefinger's Batman voice would wipe the floor with all of them.RA'S AL GHUL IS DEAD! WHO ARE YOU WORKING FOR?!Also, thisI know exactly how you mean. people keep forgetting about Jon and truly seeing him as a side character (clearly not people who have read the books) and I cant say I blame them, there just hasn't been enough of his story for people to understand and become attached to his plot. the TV adaption really hasn't done poor Jonny justice and I worry it will effect Jons credibility as a LC.it doesn't help that Jon is quite a silent character (from an external pov) since we have had the advantage of being in his head we can appreciate the difficult decisions feeling he battles at every step. but this scene this week was just what the viewers needed, to say "see people this guys still here and he is actually pretty interesting"Them botching his S2 adventures with Qhorin made Jon Snow look terrible as well. I think they will do a good job of making him defend Castle Black against Mance before Stannis shows up, which will help re-establish his credibility in the LC voting. And some political string-pulling by Sam will probably help as well. IDK if they'll show the Pyke/Mallister thing, but Sam pulling the strings is pretty important.Making Jon LC was pretty "lol, wut?" in the novels too though. At least, for me.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 10 May 2013 - 02:45 PM.
3209	tryagainlater	2013-05-10	Would have preferred the romantic kiss to be between Tormund and Orell but that may be my immaturity speaking.
3210	Dornish Hen	2013-05-10	Littlefinger's Batman voice would wipe the floor with all of them.Hmmm...I hadn't thought about adding Littlefinger to the competition.  He would scare the judges into voting for him.
3211	Broken Fox	2013-05-10	Them botching his S2 adventures with Qhorin made Jon Snow look terrible as well.Yeah, seriously. It's like the writers sat down and said "Let's remove everything cool Jon did in the book and make him look like a total dumbass instead."
3212	ebevan91	2013-05-10	Hopefully they redeem Jon's story with Queenscrown and the attack(s) on the Wall/Castle Black.
3213	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	^^^ I think they kinda have too if they want this character to be remotely what it was on the books, they need to really show us what he can do and how he really isn't the blundering fool the adaption has made him out to be, or else (like I mentioned before) the how LC thing will just be like wtf..
3214	Mammothsbane	2013-05-12	^^^ I think they kinda have too if they want this character to be remotely what it was on the books, they need to really show us what he can do and how he really isn't the blundering fool the adaption has made him out to be, or else (like I mentioned before) the how LC thing will just be like wtf..Well since Donal Noye isn't in the show, Jon will probably come up with most of the defensive strategy. Maybe Aemon will help as well, but I think most of the heavy lifting will be Jon's. So the "he's a pretty good strategist" argument will be a good basis to get him at least nominated.Then Sam manipulates everyone and voila, Jon is the new Lord Commander, beginning his triumphant march to more dumb mistakes.
3215	Tirilei	2013-05-12	So,... (non-book-reader here), now that Jon knows that the wildlings aren't really all that bad and that they just want to get south to save themselves from those white zombies, it's kind of sad to hear that the NW will still fight them with him in the lead. I was hoping to see him become a true peace maker. Basically, he has "gone Native" and has come to get an insight into tribal life, and the NW is like a mix of Fort Bowie and the Order of the Knights of Malta or the Teutonic Knights. I'm with Ygritte who asked Jon why the NW are fighting the wildlings.
3216	JMJ	2013-05-14	Well, I've been thinking a bit more about book vs. show Jon. It's interesting that since all of us here know Book!Jon much better than show Jon, we don't have the perspective of the show-only viewer, of course. If you think about how Jon has been portrayed on the show, it's true that he's shown very little in him that would make him seem like the likely "hero" or main character (if there's such a thing in ASOIAF) of the show. He's really flying under the radar so far. Right now, it's all about Dany and her Dragons, Stannis, Tyrion, Robb, etc. as possible story "heroes".
This is interesting if you think about it, as when we get to Jon being chosen LC, it will be quite a shocker to show-only viewers. Once there's more of a hint about R+L=J, it will be totally mind-blowing. I'm wondering if in the end, this is the specific intent of D+D.
3217	teemo	2013-05-05	This is supposed to be a place to nitpick anything you want from the episode, no matter how big or small.  If you really hate it when people complain about book deviations, this isn't the thread for you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
-scenes with ygritte and jon snow are getting a little too cheesy for me.
3218	congokong	2013-05-05	Can we even nitpick anymore? It would be easier to list the things that were in the books rather than the things that were changed.Here's what was from ASOS in this latest episode:1) Jon Snow climbed the wall2) Jaime and Brienne ate with Roose BoltonThat's it. Even these two events were very different in the books. I cannot think of anything else. Even Sansa being told to marry Tyrion occurred on the day of her wedding; not beforehand with a mouthy servant (Shae) who had the insolence to argue with him.
3219	ViennaGirl	2013-05-05	I didn't really like this episode at all!
The Theon scenes seem true to the off-screen events that happened to him in the books, but I find them to be completely unwatchable and I have to hit the mute button.
Jon/Ygritte - a little much. If she knows he's still a Crow, then she knows that he can't stay with her.
Robb - I thought that was ok. He pretty much deserves what's coming - he brought this on himself with Talisa, so it's a little much for him to be sanctimonious to Edmure about it. But true-ish to the book.
Kind of hate the Meera/Osha fight club. What's the point? To get Osha to leave with Rickon? Like Bran would be ok with that happening as a result of a fight? Not.
Sam and Gilly's excellent camping trip? Enough said.
Really, I didn't like this very much at all.
3220	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	Can we even nitpick anymore? It would be easier to list the things that were in the books rather than the things that were changed.Here's what was from ASOS in this latest episode:1) Jon Snow climbed the wall2) Jaime and Brienne ate with Roose BoltonThat's it. Even these two events were very different in the books. I cannot think of anything else. Even Sansa being told to marry Tyrion occurred on the day of her wedding; not beforehand with a mouthy servant (Shae) who had the insolence to argue with him.Pretty sure Sam sings to Gilly in the book. Edmure being told to marry is shown/implied too isn't it? (not read em in a while). Think you're exaggerating a bit.
3221	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-05	Pretty sure Sam sings to Gilly in the book. Edmure being told to marry is shown/implied too isn't it? (not read em in a while). Think you're exaggerating a bit.They are, I'm pretty damn sure that Edmure's engagement was in the book, and Sam singing definitely was. Now the only part I didn't like was Tyrion telling Sansa. Her surprise wedding was done perfectly in the book but I guess the show runners have to be cool and different.
3222	Bayard	2013-05-05	So a nitpick /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Thoros: "I drank too much rum"  There is no such thing in the books, and there wasn't in Europe in the Middle Ages.
3223	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-05	Didn't like Mellisandre greet Thoros with Valar Morgulis, that's not a Red Priest greeting.
3224	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Didn't like Mellisandre greet Thoros with Valar Morgulis, that's not a Red Priest greeting.Who said it was a red priest greeting?
3225	Bastard Walder	2013-05-05	Who said it was a red priest greeting?Yeah it's more of a foreign person greeting. Like if Melisandre ever visits Shae that's how they'll greet each other.
3226	A Winters Summer	2013-05-05	Who said it was a red priest greeting?this andYeah it's more of a foreign person greeting. Like if Melisandre ever visits Shae that's how they'll greet each other.this.
3227	DavosSeaworthy	2013-05-05	With all the changes I'm starting to lose interest in the show.  I'll give the rest of this season and the next season a shot, then I might just stop all together.
3228	Talbot	2013-05-05	Liked the episode, think most of you guys are overreacting but...where was "Give Robb Stark my regards"? That sets up possibly the greatest line in the whole series at the RW! 
Unless they have an exchange next episode before Jaime sets off to KL...I'll be angry if they leave it out.
3229	Ser Areo Mace	2013-05-05	So a nitpick /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thoros: "I drank too much rum"  There is no such thing in the books, and there wasn't in Europe in the Middle Ages.Not true, in DwD the sailors are drinking rum on the ship Tyrion is on
3230	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Liked the episode, think most of you guys are overreacting but...where was "Give Robb Stark my regards"? That sets up possibly the greatest line in the whole series at the RW! Unless they have an exchange next episode before Jaime sets off to KL...I'll be angry if they leave it out.He will likely say it as he leaves Harrenhall next week.
3231	Bayard	2013-05-05	Not true, in DwD the sailors are drinking rum on the ship Tyrion is onI remember they were drinking rum on Quentin's chapter... but that's in Essos, and not on the Narrow Sea, but east of Volantis. That mirrors the real history, with rum probably being first produced in Southern Asia: India, Indochina... the native land of sugarcane. But not in Europe, not so early. If there is a quote with rum being drunk in Westeros, I will stand corrected.
3232	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2013-05-05	So a nitpick /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thoros: "I drank too much rum"  There is no such thing in the books, and there wasn't in Europe in the Middle Ages.Yes there was rum in the books, this is not our middle ages it is the universe of ASOIAF. Sam and Gilly had rum when he was traveling to oldtown.
3233	Cersei'sSister	2013-05-05	Loras says Sansa should have french sleeves on her wedding dress. Did nobody realize that France isn't on that funky map they put so much effort into. Also i know Sansa is oblivious but between not be suspicious about Loras' excessive interest in fashion and Shae and Tyrion's obvious tension, she just looks like an idiot. and shes supposed to be wisening up by now!
3234	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-05	Loras says Sansa should have french sleeves on her wedding dress. Did nobody realize that France isn't on that funky map they put so much effort into. Also i know Sansa is oblivious but between not be suspicious about Loras' excessive interest in fashion and Shae and Tyrion's obvious tension, she just looks like an idiot. and shes supposed to be wisening up by now!I didn't notice the French bit..... Oh Lord....
3235	Oakenfist	2013-05-05	Loras says Sansa should have french sleeves on her wedding dress. Did nobody realize that France isn't on that funky map they put so much effort into. Also i know Sansa is oblivious but between not be suspicious about Loras' excessive interest in fashion and Shae and Tyrion's obvious tension, she just looks like an idiot. and shes supposed to be wisening up by now!Fringe sleeves.
3236	starkalways	2013-05-05	How bout walder frey wanting Harrenhal? 
Idk if the show mentions it being cursed
3237	Fat Mac	2013-05-05	Meh, I didn't mind the changes.
I was really intrigued by Thoros and Melisandre. Is it not the first time we've ever seen two red preists talking to each other? I thought it was awesome.
One nitpick is my continuing dislike for the Blackfish. Yeah, we get it, Edmure's kind of an oaf, no need to act like the most humongous dick to him at every second. Sure, that's his nephew, but he's now also his lord.
3238	congokong	2013-05-06	Pretty sure Sam sings to Gilly in the book. Edmure being told to marry is shown/implied too isn't it? (not read em in a while).Think you're exaggerating a bit.I'm exaggerating a bit, but not much really.The Edmure stuff is so much more different I just forgot. I don't remember Sam singing for Gilly but I'm sure you're right. BTW, where is Ghost?!
3239	amilas	2013-05-06	Well...I was going to save my first post ever on this site for something more thoughtful and deep...but screw it.
I literally laughed out loud (for a long time...so long I had to pause it to get myself together) on the first scene when Sam pulls out the dragonglass dagger with the quick "Hey! Look what I found!". Just too funny but only because it was completely annoying. It's like the writers suddenly were like "Oh no! We forgot the obsidian dagger!!" and instead of SHOWING the significance of the dagger, Sam talks about how he found it ages back. That's really what bothers me the most with these changes from the book is really when they try to talk about something instead of show it.
3240	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-06	Am I going crazy or did Loras Tyrell really just mention the word "FRENCH" in this episode?
I'm effing done....this whole episode has been pure sh*t from start to finish.
3241	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	Oh my... was the episode that bad? I haven't watched it yet, but from what I've read in the forum it was really bad.
3242	Bastard Walder	2013-05-06	Am I going crazy or did Loras Tyrell really just mention the word "FRENCH" in this episode?I'm effing done....this whole episode has been pure sh*t from start to finish.FRINGED.Oh my... was the episode that bad? I haven't watched it yet, but from what I've read in the forum it was really bad.Wasn't as good as the last 3 but it was fine.
3243	a shadow	2013-05-06	Am I going crazy or did Loras Tyrell really just mention the word "FRENCH" in this episode?I'm effing done....this whole episode has been pure sh*t from start to finish.*Fringed /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Oh my... was the episode that bad? I haven't watched it yet, but from what I've read in the forum it was really bad.Don't mind what others (like me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ) are saying about it, watch it with clean head.
	Spoiler  Maybe you'll have original and unheard-of complaints /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
No, really. A lot of people are giving 8/10; 9/10 or even 10/10.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 06 May 2013 - 01:08 AM.
3244	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	*Fringed /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Don't mind what others (like me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ) are saying about it, watch it with clean head.
	Spoiler  Maybe you'll have original and unheard-of complaints /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
No, really. A lot of people are giving 8/10; 9/10 or even 10/10.Haha, I know myself, I'll come out with my own complaints. About the 10/10 scoring, I don't really trust it. I think some people here give 10s away to easily. They remind me of my dad. Whenever I got a 10 in school, I would tell my dad: "Dad I got a TEN!" and he would say: "You got a ten? Seems like the teachers in your school give tens away like if they where candy". Of course he was joking, but I always thought that he was right to some extend.
3245	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	This should have been robb n cats season, and now it's too late. We should have had the she bears n more greatjon and all the ppl that loved robb. They look completely alone n issolated n the the only times theyre shown is when robb fucked up n gets critised for it by his own banner men. What will they have robb, cat n edmure walking in alone into the twins just seems really dump. I wanted dacey Lil crush on robb n her mother n better casting for the greatjon n more sceen time especially this season. imagine if they took all those ros, pod, bronn n brothel scenes out n put something that actually has something to do with the story. The show gives better coverage of what's happening in KL, lannisters especially Tyrion. They fucked over Dany in season 2 and now robb n cat.
3246	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Yeah, I wish Sansa and Tyrion's wedding had been kept a surprise. That was a real gut punch when it happened and I don't know why they took the surprise out of it. The rest of the changes I can understand, even Jon/Ygritte. TV always means more romance. We saw that already w/ Shae and Tyrion which is going to make it really hard to show Shae as the scheming whore she really was.
3247	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-06	I didnt mind that Mel has Gendry now,  but I actually found it funny when I imagine him returning, "Thank you for helping me as my plot is missing one bastard: now you can return happily to your own plot and continue with your life".
3248	a shadow	2013-05-06	Haha, I know myself, I'll come out with my own complaints.About the 10/10 scoring, I don't really trust it. I think some people here give 10s away to easily. They remind me of my dad. Whenever I got a 10 in school, I would tell my dad: "Dad I got a TEN!" and he would say: "You got a ten? Seems like the teachers in your school give tens away like if they where candy". Of course he was joking, but I always thought that he was right to some extend.A Lannister parenting style /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
3249	Belisarius09	2013-05-06	The scene with Roose , Brienna and Jaime was good.  As was the Scene with Tyrion and Cersei.  Also the Tywinn and Olenna scene.  Jon and Ygritte climbed the wall.
This episode was much weaker than the others.  But as I pointed out, it did have some good scenes.  
I really want to see some more Stannis and Davos though, seriously six episodes and we've only had like 2 or 3  scenes with either of them.  (Davos rescued and stabbing attempt, Stannis and his family scene, and then Shireen teaching Davos to read) Am I missing any? Seriously I want some more from the gang on Dragonstone.
					
					
							Edited by Belisarius09, 06 May 2013 - 03:10 AM.
3250	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	This was the episode with the least amount of events that happen in the book, but in the show's defense, they're only halfway. There's not much there for them to adapt for this episode. The next 4 should definitely pick up speed and hopefully be more faithful to the book.
My main gripe was Olenna and Tywin being so open together. And why is Sansa pretty much the only person unaware of Loras' sexuality?
3251	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-06	I also heard "French sleeves" but knew it couldn't be that.  Just curious if it's a North American thing?  Did watchers from the U.K. hear it correctly right away?
3252	Queen of Whores	2013-05-06	I find it kind of worrying that so far season 3 has been less loyal to the books than season 2, and we all know how that was. We got a total of maybe four scenes vaguely similar to the books? Jon climbing the Wall, Edmure agreeing to the new marriage, Sam singing to Gilly and Jaime talking with Roose.
- Ramsay's voice is really pissing me off. I know he's trying to be mocking and taunting, but I always imagined Ramsay to be more quiet and threatening. I can't take him seriously in the show, and not in a good way.
- Jaime's scene with Roose was faaaar too short. It was the scene I was looking forward to the most from last week's promo, and it went for only a couple of minutes. The actor that's playing Roose is great though. Shame he doesn't have more stuff to work with.
- I hated Bran's scene. What exactly is the point of having Osha and Meera dislike and argue with each other? I liked Meera in the books when she was friendly and supportive.
- Every scene in King's Landing was terrible, mediocre at best. Tyrion has been whitewashed so much he is nothing like his book counterpart, Ros' death was rushed, Tywin and Olenna were far too open with each other, and Sansa already knows about her wedding. It happened perfectly in the book, why not keep it?
- The scene with the Frey's was far, far too short. I'm honestly looking forward to the RW, just to put an end to this trainewreck of a story. It's definitely a problem when Edmure is the most accurately portrayed character in the room. Brynden is an absolute asshole, Catelyn has been far too underused, and Robb... just... so much...
My disliking for this season is only outweighed by my disappointment. It could have been so amazing, but instead the writers are just doing whatever the hell they want. Well, there goes over a quarter of my favorite book adapted.
3253	Sniraga	2013-05-06	I'm starting to seriously dislike the Blackfish. He seems like a bully. Yes, we get that Edmure is not the sharpest knife in the box, but there's no need belittle and pick on him all the time. Honestly, the Blackfish is almost worse than Tywin.
This Tyrion/Shae stuff boggles my mind. Their relationship is a lot more healthy in the show, so I'm not sure how well the end result will play out. They should probably make some adjustments wrt Shae's "betrayal", otherwise she's going to come across as too cruel. And I'm wondering if this Tyrion is really going to kill Shae. Perhaps it's Tywin who will kill Shae and then Tyrion will revenge her /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
3254	Pellaeon	2013-05-06	Ros - yes the character was useless, but still I was shocked when she die, not alone because LF outsmart Varys again, why? The eunuch isn't incompetend but the show conveys this idea
LF - it seems show Littlefinger doesn't understand the game at all just sets fire to something and try to profit
Sansa/Tyrion - yes, letting Sansa know of the wedding was a good idea because so we can get her feelings about it in the next episode (because we can't look in her head) but not showing how it happened was a cheap trick I don't like
Loras - he looked like he was discusted by Sansa, come on he should be able to act better...
Cersei, Tyrion - What is wrong, they don't like each other and still they act like they are a functional family?
Tyrion's assassination attempt - Do they want that we believe that Tyrion tries to kill Joffrey at his wedding?
Joffrey - the scene was unnecessary, we now he must die!
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 06 May 2013 - 03:59 AM.
3255	Demiant	2013-05-06	They're making too many changes for little to no reason at all, and at first it's not overly bothersome but now I'm starting to get annoyed.
It seems Cersei and Tyrion are being "watered down", Littlefinger is becoming an entirely different LF to the one we know, I feel the writers don't actually understand certain characters (Catelyn, Blackfish, etc) and there's no excuse for the huge lack of the Hound (not specifically this season). Just to name a few.
And I get that sometimes they need to change it up a bit to adapt the series to television, some of those changes were successful. But sometimes it feels like these changes are for little to no reason at all, and rather than serving a greater purpose, they just make the story a bit more clichA.
3256	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-05-06	Hey guys, did you know that LF is a pretty devious guy?????
I assume he must be, because why else would he boast about how devious he is?????? Like the time before that, or the time before that, or the time.......
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 06 May 2013 - 04:27 AM.
3257	Toos	2013-05-06	I don't like scene between Tywin and Olenna. Tywin IMO acted as little child when he started threaten Tyrells and Olenna should be more subtle and she shouldn't take this crap from Tywin.
3258	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	Nitpick? 
On the Castle Black side of the Wall apparently lie green pastures. What the hell?
3259	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Nitpick?On the Castle Black side of the Wall apparently lie green pastures. What the hell?I thought that was the Gift...
3260	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	I thought that was the Gift...I'm not good with the geography, but either way, the way the snow stopped about a mile away from the Wall just looked weird.
3261	Slayer Sam	2013-05-06	How does Theon not realise he is in the Dreadfort and that Ramsay is a Bolton?
Theon grew up with the Starks, he would have known the Bolton sigil was a flayed man, and since we know that Robb and Bran have heard the rumours of the flaying that happens at the Dreadfort, we can presume Theon will have heard them too.
I think it's a bit unrealistic that Theon wouldn't know where he is.
3262	Er Rn	2013-05-06	Tywin and Olenna: they both just put all their cards on the table and were far too open with each other.
Robb: I know it happened similarly in the book, but seeing him give Edmure shit over wanting a pretty wife and not doing his duty when he threw it all out the window to marry Talisa?! Come on!
Sansa: finding out beforehand about her marriage. Though I did like the shot of LF sailing away. I'm guessing Dontos will come back into play and it'll be more of a surprise to the Unsullied when it's revealed who he's working for.
3263	Gogossos	2013-05-06	The accumulation of little deviations is beginning to bother me and therefore things won't add up.  For example, Jon is now left with only 3 wildlings, how the hell are they supposed to attack Castle Black?
3264	Dracarya	2013-05-06	The accumulation of little deviations is beginning to bother me and therefore things won't add up.  For example, Jon is now left with only 3 wildlings, how the hell are they supposed to attack Castle Black?This. Unless more suddenly climb over while Jon is going back to Castle Black and we're just expected to accept that explanation. I may be wrong, but isn't there a scene in one of the trailers of multiple wildlings charging? They're running on grass, which would mean they're on the south side of the Wall.
3265	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	This. Unless more suddenly climb over while Jon is going back to Castle Black and we're just expected to accept that explanation. I may be wrong, but isn't there a scene in one of the trailers of multiple wildlings charging? They're running on grass, which would mean they're on the south side of the Wall.Mance said to tormund to take 20 men, which presumably doesnt include Orelly, Tormund, Jon and Ygritte. It could theoretically be more than that, if that was meant to be just an approximation. Meaning there should be 24 men overall. There seems to be 4 teams of 4 climbing the Wall, 2 of which were wiped out. Which means that there should be about at least 8 more wildlings at the foot of the Wall who have yet to climb, possibly more. The trailer also makes it look like there is about about 15 men. Which is probably enough to slaughter the unsuspecting Nightwatchmen while they sleep, particularly If Bowen Marsh has taken most of the men to go and fight the weeper, as in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 06 May 2013 - 06:33 AM.
3266	Dracarya	2013-05-06	Mance said to tormund to take 20 men, which presumably doesnt include Orelly, Tormund, Jon and Ygritte. It could theoretically be more than that, if that was meant to be just an approximation. Meaning there should be 24 men overall. There seems to be 4 teams of 4 climbing the Wall, 2 of which were wiped out. Which means that there should be about at least 8 more wildlings at the foot of the Wall who have yet to climb, possibly more. The trailer also makes it look like there is about about 15 men. Which is probably enough to slaughter the unsuspecting Nightwatchmen while they sleep, particularly If Bowen Marsh has taken most of the men to go and fight the weeper, as in the books.See, this is why I get confused so much. I'd forgotten about Mance saying that, and we're only shown the other (4? 5?) wildlings that fell off the Wall in this episode. So like many viewers, I'm left thinking 'Eh? 4 wildlings to attack Castle Black?'. I hope we'll see the others climbing up to the top/down to the bottom in the next episode, so we're clear on the fact that there are indeed more wildlings present /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />How many attack the Wall in the book, can anyone remember?
3267	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	In the books I think its 20 of Jarl's raiders, and 100 Thenns.
3268	Honourable Ser	2013-05-06	I didn't really like this episode at all!The Theon scenes seem true to the off-screen events that happened to him in the books, but I find them to be completely unwatchable and I have to hit the mute button.Jon/Ygritte - a little much. If she knows he's still a Crow, then she knows that he can't stay with her.Robb - I thought that was ok. He pretty much deserves what's coming - he brought this on himself with Talisa, so it's a little much for him to be sanctimonious to Edmure about it. But true-ish to the book.Kind of hate the Meera/Osha fight club. What's the point? To get Osha to leave with Rickon? Like Bran would be ok with that happening as a result of a fight? Not.Sam and Gilly's excellent camping trip? Enough said.Really, I didn't like this very much at all.I'd probably agree with the Jon/Ygritte thing, but it's one hell of a stretch to say that Robb 'deserves' what's coming to him.
3269	Dracarya	2013-05-06	In the books I think its 20 of Jarl's raiders, and 100 Thenns.Yeah, we have no Thenns. I guess 15 men (and women) would be enough to do some damage to the NW, but I would like to have more. Nitpicking I know - without repercussion? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3270	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Yeah, we have no Thenns. I guess 15 men (and women) would be enough to do some damage to the NW, but I would like to have more. Nitpicking I know - without repercussion? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I agree, it is a bit of a stretch. If anything goes wrong, they've pretty much ensured their raiding party will be slaughtered.
3271	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	A Lannister parenting style /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />   I guess that explains why I love Tywin so much.
3272	moey reed	2013-05-06	my biggest problem with this epsiode was mel visiting the BWB and taking gendry /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i was yelling no no no at my screen!!!
and im starting to get tired of the QoT, sure at the beginning it was fun to watch her..but seriously enough already..we could use that time to get to know more about team robb. dude's gonna die in a bit and we still have no she-bears or will or whatsoever..
3273	ViennaGirl	2013-05-06	I'd probably agree with the Jon/Ygritte thing, but it's one hell of a stretch to say that Robb 'deserves' what's coming to him.I know it's harsh, but he broke his word in a huge way, and there are HUGE consequences. He should be feeling hella guilty, not scolding Edmure. A marriage contract is a big deal in this society - it's an alliance. Robb basically screwed an alliance. He deserves it. (And it sucks and I'm dreading it but it was a great plot mover in the books and is the most interesting thing that will happen in season 3 of the show).
3274	The Pain Yak	2013-05-06	Blackfish is coming across as kind of an overt thug. All he does is threaten and abuse his nephew every time the two are on screen together.
3275	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	How did Mel get from Dragonstone to wherever the BWB is staying that fast? How did she even know where to find them?
3276	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Theons guessing all these Northern Lords while getting flayed and doesn't think of the House with a flayed man as their sigil. 
Catelyn being a background character
3277	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Oh my... was the episode that bad? I haven't watched it yet, but from what I've read in the forum it was really bad.So, you decide to read a thread... where everyone is being ridiculously picky, before watching the episode for yourself?
3278	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	How did Mel get from Dragonstone to wherever the BWB is staying that fast? How did she even know where to find them?Light fire.Look into fire.???Profit.Anyway:- Olenna and Tywin.- Catelyn doing nothing important, again.- The Blackfish being a scraggly Greatjon.
3279	Demiant	2013-05-06	Theons guessing all these Northern Lords while getting flayed and doesn't think of the House with a flayed man as their sigil.Catelyn being a background characterPretty much... I'm not a huge fan of Catelyn in the books (or the show for that matter) but she deserves than just being a common face to have in the background of all the Robb/Riverrun scenes.
3280	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	Yeah Cat going from POV character to having basically like...half a line per episode, is egregious.Theons guessing all these Northern Lords while getting flayed and doesn't think of the House with a flayed man as their sigil.Yeah I'm gonna chalk that up to dehydration.But if non-book readers haven't figured this one out already then....
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 06 May 2013 - 08:29 AM.
3281	Queen of Whores	2013-05-06	I did love Ramsay's "do I look like a fucking Umber?!" line though.
3282	mafalda	2013-05-06	First off, I didn't HATE this episode, like a lot of people did. I gave it a 7. I don't think there is an ep of Game of Thrones that I hate. Ok...
While the actual climbing scenes were done spectacularly, the Jon and Ygritte moments made me gag.
Joffrey being the one to kill Ros. Joffrey killing ANYONE. He's crazy but we know he doesn't have the guts. Ser Ilyn, where are you?
Skinning rabbits lasted way longer than it should have.
Theon is still being tortured by an unknown person in an unknown place. Reveal these things or skip over them already.
Mel prophesizing about Arya.
Shae being a rude skank and refusing to leave the room.
Varys doing a bad job at being Varys. He's the MASTER of whisperers, why is he always caught?
Joffrey being the one to give Mandon the orders to kill Tyrion. CERSEI! Why are they making her sympathetic?
Ser Loras is gay, Ser Loras is gay, Ser Loras is gay... WE GET IT! (I did chuckle at the sword swallower comment though)
The people on the forum keep talking about "french" sleeves. He said "fringed".
Ok.
3283	Birdsong65	2013-05-06	If we compare E6 with E5, it becomes clearer that BCog should script the adaptation, and D&D should just remain in the background.....with Catelyn, doing nothing.Theon torture continued just that much too long.  Not surprising since D&D penned The Climb.Littlefinger's monologue was perfectly menacing.  Welcome back LF, I've missed you.  And, something tells me that LF was on that boat enjoying the fact that Sansa remains in KL, her last chance to leave turned down for something "prettier" that was denied her in the end.  It rather mirrors what happened with LF and Cat, but with LF delivering a manipulative body blow denied to his younger self.  Not exactly the same as the ASoS, but it works just as well.Mr. Birdsong felt Loras going on about fabrics and pins (brooch!) was, and I quote, "homosexual clichAs for simpletons and homophobes"  But he's just a young girl, unfamiliar with the ways of war.
3284	Groney	2013-05-06	Joffrey being the one to kill Ros. Joffrey killing ANYONE. He's crazy but we know he doesn't have the guts.Joffrey tried to have Bran killed, killed Ned. And you think he wouldn't kill a prostitute?
3285	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Honestly, no offense to anyone, especially since this is the "nitpick" thread, but good lord... if I watched the episodes and found as many non-crucial things as you guys do annoying, then I don't think I'd watch the show at all.  If you aren't willing to roll with the changes in an adaptation, then you're wasting your time watching the show.   We're talking about a book series that relies heavily on disposition.   It's hard to relay this on screen, so, they have to invent scenes that will stress the same points.  Kind of like Jon and Ygritte's kiss.  We know in the book that Jon starts to have feelings for her even though they rarely show emotional scenes between the two.  The reason...disposition.  For TV's sake, the kiss was absolutely perfect.
3286	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	So, you decide to read a thread... where everyone is being ridiculously picky, before watching the episode for yourself?I don't mind the TV show spoilers, I've read the books, what's a bigger spoiler than that? and I don't really care about having the show spoiled. I couldn't watch the episode for a couple of reasons, but I wanted to know what happened and how good was it. So I read some threads, including the book spoilers discusion one, not only this one. In all the threads that I read, many people where saying that there were too many changes, that they didn't like the episode, and that it was very bad and slow compared with the last three. I wanted to know if people where overreacting, and I got my answer, not thanks to you /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  and I enjoy reading about nitpicks, what's wrong with that?
3287	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	BCog should script the adaptation /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />If not GRRM, but he has a book to write, I spose.
3288	mafalda	2013-05-06	Joffrey tried to have Bran killed, killed Ned. And you think he wouldn't kill a prostitute?oh geez I'm saying he wouldn't do it himself. Did he try to kill Bran himself? No he hired an assassin. Did he kill Ned? No he had Ser Ilyn do it.
3289	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-06	I couldn't believe that the Blackfish was threatening to punch Edmure into submitting to marriage.  Isn't he the one who refused to get married his whole life even though his older brother and liege lord kept insisting?
3290	mafalda	2013-05-06	I don't mind the TV show spoilers, I've read the books, what's a bigger spoiler than that? and I don't really care about having the show spoiled. I couldn't watch the episode for a couple of reasons, but I wanted to know what happened and how good was it. So I read some threads, including the book spoilers discusion one, not only this one. In all the threads that I read, many people where saying that there were too many changes, that they didn't like the episode, and that it was very bad and slow compared with the last three. I wanted to know if people where overreacting, and I got my answer, not thanks to you /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  and I enjoy reading about nitpicks, what's wrong with that?lmaoHonestly, no offense to anyone, especially since this is the "nitpick" thread, but good lord... if I watched the episodes and found as many non-crucial things as you guys do annoying, then I don't think I'd watch the show at all.  If you aren't willing to roll with the changes in an adaptation, then you're wasting your time watching the show.   We're talking about a book series that relies heavily on disposition.   It's hard to relay this on screen, so, they have to invent scenes that will stress the same points.  Kind of like Jon and Ygritte's kiss.  We know in the book that Jon starts to have feelings for her even though they rarely show emotional scenes between the two.  The reason...disposition.  For TV's sake, the kiss was absolutely perfect.No offense taken. Yeah, a lot of people nitpick about teeny tiny things, but if that's their nitpick that they choose to post on a nitpicking board, then hey, who are we to tell them that they are overreacting? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3291	protar	2013-05-06	Didn't like Thoros and Beric being complicit in Melisandre taking Gendry. I think that's a real missed opportunity to show the two separate ways they worship R'hllor. They even set it up with Thoros saying they practiced their faith differently but then suddenly they're all buddy-buddy with one another. It's like D+D think all Red Priests are all on the same page. Do they just not get subtleties or do they not think we'll get them?
3292	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	Joffrey tried to have Bran killed, killed Ned. And you think he wouldn't kill a prostitute?He didn't kill them himelf, thoug. That goes even beyond Joffrey. What did they do with my Joff /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  Honestly, no offense to anyone, especially since this is the "nitpick" thread, but good lord... if I watched the episodes and found as many non-crucial things as you guys do annoying, then I don't think I'd watch the show at all.  If you aren't willing to roll with the changes in an adaptation, then you're wasting your time watching the show.   We're talking about a book series that relies heavily on disposition.   It's hard to relay this on screen, so, they have to invent scenes that will stress the same points.  Kind of like Jon and Ygritte's kiss.  We know in the book that Jon starts to have feelings for her even though they rarely show emotional scenes between the two.  The reason...disposition.  For TV's sake, the kiss was absolutely perfect.Read the title of the thread again. People here love the TV show, but we also love the books. We have many favourite quotes and scenes from the books that we wish to see in the show. When we don't see them and instead see something that sometimes is not as good, or see our favourite characters acting in a different way, then we feel disappointed. Some changes are fine, but some make really little sense. So we come here, take out everything that is bothering us, feel better, and then continue with our lives. If you can't stand nitpicks, then this thread isn't for you. Just don't read it. Go to any of the other threads. There are many threads where you can argue and say that the changes were good. This is the only place where we can freely complain.
3293	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	If we compare E6 with E5, it becomes clearer that BCog should script the adaptation, and D&D should just remain in the background.....with Catelyn, doing nothing.That's an easy statement to make, but if you compare E4 with E5, then its far less clearcut.
3294	David Selig	2013-05-06	I can't be the one who though Sansa saying "Will they let me invite my family?" was just incredibly ridiculous, right? There is a freaking war going on....
3295	Demiant	2013-05-06	Didn't like Thoros and Beric being complicit in Melisandre taking Gendry. I think that's a real missed opportunity to show the two separate ways they worship R'hllor. They even set it up with Thoros saying they practiced their faith differently but then suddenly they're all buddy-buddy with one another. It's like D+D think all Red Priests are all on the same page. Do they just not get subtleties or do they not think we'll get them?I completely agree, it's a big part of the books imo... the entire "religion isn't bad, it just depends on the practitioner" bit.
3296	Sensuki Dorjan	2013-05-06	Freys joined with Robb's army in S01E09Haven't as much as been mentioned since that episode. Now it's like they were never there in the first place. No reaction of Frey's leaving when Robb married Jeyne Talisa in S2 either.Juuuust a bit of an oversight.
					
					
							Edited by Sensuki Dorjan, 06 May 2013 - 09:17 AM.
3297	Dove	2013-05-06	I know he said "fringe sleeves" but Loras' mangled pronunciation making it sound just like "French" bugs the hell out of me, haha.I can't be the one who though Sansa saying "Will they let me invite my family?" was just incredibly ridiculous, right? There is a freaking war going on....yessss this "gee can my family that's in open rebellion to the throne/committing high treason come to my wedding???"By this point in the books Sansa was actually wising up a bit. I'm not one of those ITS NOT LIKE THE BOOKS I HATE IT types at all but it just made her seem like she hasn't grown as a person at all since season 1 when she totally has, even if it's just in little ways.
3298	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-06	I can't be the one who though Sansa saying "Will they let me invite my family?" was just incredibly ridiculous, right? There is a freaking war going on....Nope you are not the only one.  They are taking away all character growth from Sansa.  If they wanted to show how she is still wistful and dreamy they could have just changed the line a little for her to say something like, "I only wish my family could come" and being sad because she knows that cannot be, or something like that which would still get the point across that she misses her family without making Sansa seem like an idiot.
3299	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Read the title of the thread again. People here love the TV show, but we also love the books. We have many favourite quotes and scenes from the books that we wish to see in the show. When we don't see them and instead see something that sometimes is not as good, or see our favourite characters acting in a different way, then we feel disappointed. Some changes are fine, but some make really little sense. So we come here, take out everything that is bothering us, feel better, and then continue with our lives. If you can't stand nitpicks, then this thread isn't for you. Just don't read it. Go to any of the other threads. There are many threads where you can argue and say that the changes were good. This is the only place where we can freely complain.I don't disagree that this isn't the thread for me.   I'm a very upbeat, laid back person and I typically focus on the cool stuff that is there than the small stuff that needed to be changed for TVs sake.  I've read the books twice and I've also listened to Roy Dotrice on the audio books.  This is probably my favorite book series of all time.   I just get that no adaptation can be made without changes.   And IMO, they've done a great job not only keeping almost everything in tact, but they also added some much needed drama to certain plot threads that needed them and they also try to throw in easter eggs for the book readers were they can as well.  Also, to be honest,  most of the time, reading any thread in this forum is like reading the nitpick thread... lol.  It seems most of the posters here have unrealistic expectations.
3300	DorneToTheWall	2013-05-06	The whole Mel grabbing Gendry instead of Edric.  Way to write your way out of a hole by digging a new one. 
Barely any screen time for Davos. 
The way they informed Sansa of the wedding.  
I'm sorry, I'm watching the whole series thinking Loras was already a kingsguard. 
Where are the Kettlebacks?
The whole Frey thing seems small. In the book it was a big thing throughout.
How they handled Cat. 
I hate tourmund's personality, i understand that he is merged with the magnar of thenn... But he's nothing like the character in the book. 
I thought the creators of the tv series were filming half of SoS so that they could take their time... Well why does everything feel rushed?
Varys' ineptitude. 
Little Finger being this absolute villain.
3301	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	I can't be the one who though Sansa saying "Will they let me invite my family?" was just incredibly ridiculous, right? There is a freaking war going on....Yeah that was a shake my head moment
3302	DorneToTheWall	2013-05-06	Oh and i cant stand that Lord Bolton doesn't whisper. It bothers me that i can understand him.
3303	Edgy	2013-05-06	Re: Queen of Thorns- I'm sorry if this isn't the right place to post if there's another more relevant thread, please kindly direct me thanks.The Queen of Thorns screen time and role has been a bit overstated for me as I<U+0080><U+0099>ve read the books first and with them being canon I am always comparing the TV show with them, I know how the story pans out so am tracking the TV Show along the route. I enjoyed her repartee with Varys a couple of weeks ago and Tywin this week ("A sword swallower through and through") but I think she<U+0080><U+0099>s getting a bit too much sceen time ahead of other characters and the scene with her last week was just silly, as if she was more wittier than Tyrion! Just my opinion though.
3304	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	Ok just watched the episode...... you people don't know how to complain, only five pages? what a shame.... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
The show is making it too hard for me to nitpick since there are just many changes at this point, but I'll try my best!
- The whole Meera/Osha cat fight. Really? I don't even find it interesting. Is this to explain why Osha and Rickon separate? So Bran is just gonna let Rickon go alone with Osha just because Meera and her fight all the time? Right.....
- Jojen has seizures.
- Jon is more afraid than Ygritte about climbing the Wall. Ygritte doesn't cry, and no mention of the Horn of Joramund.
- The BWB not objecting to Mel. Now I like them way less than in the books. 
- Ramsay's voice. Really I just cannot take him seriously with that voice.
- Theon not guessing he is in the Dreadfort, come on you're being flayed! is not that hard!
- Blackfish forcing Edmure and acting like an asshole. How can he force Edmure to marry when he never did it himself?
- What did they do to my Tywin and my Joff? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  Tywin shouldn't be so open, and Joff is not that sick.
- Tyrion telling Sansa about her wedding with him, and then not even showing him saying it. 
- Sansa and her "would they let me invite my family?". Poor Sansa, this is why everybody hates her. 
On the bright side did I hear a little Har! from Tormund?? Please tell me I did.
3305	teemo	2013-05-06	you would think Theon could guess the bastard of Bolton as his identity while being FLAYED.
3306	teemo	2013-05-06	Nope you are not the only one.  They are taking away all character growth from Sansa.  If they wanted to show how she is still wistful and dreamy they could have just changed the line a little for her to say something like, "I only wish my family could come" and being sad because she knows that cannot be, or something like that which would still get the point across that she misses her family without making Sansa seem like an idiot.this was so idiotic I thought I was understanding it wrong (sansa's line)
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 10:08 AM.
3307	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	My only big nitpick is how Sansa was told about her wedding. If they are going to change it from the books and have Tyrion tell her, then we should have been given the gift of actually seeing him tell her and Shae.
3308	a shadow	2013-05-06	By this point in the books Sansa was actually wising up a bit. I'm not one of those ITS NOT LIKE THE BOOKS I HATE IT types at all but it just made her seem like she hasn't grown as a person at all since season 1 when she totally has, even if it's just in little ways.Nope you are not the only one.  They are taking away all character growth from Sansa. I dislike Sansa in the books, but S3 TV of her is making even me mad. Didn't like Thoros and Beric being complicit in Melisandre taking Gendry. I think that's a real missed opportunity to show the two separate ways they worship R'hllor. They even set it up with Thoros saying they practiced their faith differently but then suddenly they're all buddy-buddy with one another. It's like D+D think all Red Priests are all on the same page. Do they just not get subtleties or do they not think we'll get them?Yes! Thoros attempted to talk how his love for a friend (Berric) might have played a part in his ressurections, but that drowned into selling their almost-brother away.Oh and i cant stand that Lord Bolton doesn't whisper. It bothers me that i can understand him.The worst scene of Roose so far. Even his supposed joke about Jaime "overplaying his... hand position" was with no subtlety.Yes, I am a horrible not-a-fan of this episode /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3309	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	you would think Theon could guess the bastard of Bolton as his identity while being FLAYED. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Nitpicks...This is the episode most heavily deviated from the books and is no surprise is really the worst so far. Given how crappy the episode was there's so many nitpicks, but this ones I found to be the worst:- Tyrion's whitewashing. Where is the morally ambiguous character from the books?- Cersei's whitewashing. When she starts screwing up later on, will they put the blame on Tommen as well?- Brotherhood selling Gendry. I don't mind so much Gendry taking Edric's place but I agree with others that this was a missed opportunity to showcase that not all R'hllor worshipers operate the same way.- Loras. Do they google up most common gay stereotypes and cliches to based the character on this? Loras' characterization is bordering in offensive.- Sansa's growing stupidity as opposed to her character growth in the books. Will my family come to my wedding? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />- Ygritte telling Jon I knew you were always a crow but now is us against the world. Also, we get a kiss instead of a mention of the Horn of Joranum?- Sam and Gilly and the nursery behind the wall scene. No sense of danger whatsoever,Not a fan of this episode by a longshot
3310	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	While I don't mind Gendry being 'the last Baratheon Bastard' and being used to replace Edric, the whole Mel suddenly appears at the secret lair was a bit WTF.
Did like the BwB being shown as not quite the 'Good Guy' Robin Hood type. No one is pure as driven snow in this world.
Got some issues with the Tywin/Olenna scene - like how was Tywin supposed to force the heir to Highgarden into the KG without Olenna putting up a fight? Sure they had a bit of cut-and-thrust going on, but as others have said, it seemed the cards were put on the table too quickly.
Didn't really feel that the Ygritte 'betrayal' speech really gelled - mainly because they just haven't developed Jon's story very well.
Ros - the shoddy demise of a shoddy character. Just as they were finally giving some justification for her existence, they give her the chop after doing one job.
3311	WhiteGuts	2013-05-06	Having Mel meet Arya now could have a repercussion on Mel's arc at the Wall. She wouldn't mistake Alys Karstark for Arya now, and she might not even have a reason to send Abel/Mance Rayder.
3312	teemo	2013-05-06	- Sansa's growing stupidity as opposed to her character growth in the books. Will my family come to my wedding? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />seriously, how did this even make it in the script...??? her FAMILY??? WHO??? Robb??  The people the Lannisters are at war with???? What in the hell is she even talking about??
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 10:41 AM.
3313	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Got some issues with the Tywin/Olenna scene - like how was Tywin supposed to force the heir to Highgarden into the KG without Olenna putting up a fight? Sure they had a bit of cut-and-thrust going on, but as others have said, it seemed the cards were put on the table too quickly.Aerys does the same thing when he names Jaime to the King's guard to spite Tywin.
3314	Versiroth	2013-05-06	seriously, how did this even make it in the script...??? her FAMILY??? WHO??? Robb??  The people the Lannisters are at war with???? What in the hell is she even talking about??She was talking to Loras.  A Tyrell.  About their eventual wedding at Highgarden.   And again, it was likely meant to relay the fact that she's comfortable speaking openly with the Tyrells.   Her auto-response has always been "My brother and mother are traitors".
3315	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	I don't disagree that this isn't the thread for me.   I'm a very upbeat, laid back person and I typically focus on the cool stuff that is there than the small stuff that needed to be changed for TVs sake.  I've read the books twice and I've also listened to Roy Dotrice on the audio books.  This is probably my favorite book series of all time.   I just get that no adaptation can be made without changes.   And IMO, they've done a great job not only keeping almost everything in tact, but they also added some much needed drama to certain plot threads that needed them and they also try to throw in easter eggs for the book readers were they can as well.  Also, to be honest,  most of the time, reading any thread in this forum is like reading the nitpick thread... lol.  It seems most of the posters here have unrealistic expectations.It's good that you only focus in the good. I wish I could be a better person, but alas, I'm not. I on the other hand focus on both, bad and good. I don't think complaints are that bad. I see complaints as things that can be improved.  Someone complained about something, so he decided to find a way to make things easier and better. Someone heard people complaining about something, so he decided to make an invention that would help. Our whole society has improved thanks to complaints. If people just focused in the good, were conformist, and told each other to just deal with it, then we would still live in caves.I think they've done a very good job with the adaptation. But we can't deny they've had mistakes, and that some changes weren't good. It's not possible to make a 100% true adaptation, but it is possible to make a closer adaptation that what they've done. Yes, many here have very high expectations, but what's wrong with that? My father always told me that if I was going to do something, I should aspire to do my best, otherwise, then why botter? What's wrong with expecting things to be great? Has our society sunk so low that we can only aspire to have something good, ok, or just not terribly bad? Well the thing is that in those other threads, you can tell people that they are complaining too much, tell them to stop whining about tiny things, and argue that the canges where very good, or even better than the book version. This is not the place for that.
3316	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	She was talking to Loras.  A Tyrell.  About their eventual wedding at Highgarden.   And again, it was likely meant to relay the fact that she's comfortable speaking openly with the Tyrells.   Her auto-response has always been "My brother and mother are traitors".She was talking to Shae. And the point is that she should realize that her family cannot atend the wedding since they are at war. She saying that was very dumb. Sansa is supposed to grow wiser, not dumber.
3317	Ran	2013-05-06	Note that Jaime wanted in to the Kingsguard, though. There's not much sense to the idea that you can force someone to say the vows. Hell... this very episode has Edmure say that no one can compell a man to wed. Which is, really, meaning that no one can compel you to swear holy vows, whether of matrimony or of the Kingsguard.
So it's all a bit nonsensical, on that level. So they want to say that in show canon, yes, someone can be forced into the Kingsguard and will have no choice... well, fine. But I would have liked Olenna to muse aloud about whatever became of the last man who took a lord's heir away from him by naming him to the Kingsguard... That argument really should have gone on longer, really.
3318	Zarkovich	2013-05-06	Oh, I do hope Jaime asks Lord Bolton to give Robb Stark his regards. As someone mentioned before, that line carries a lot of importance and I'd hate it if it's cut.
3319	Versiroth	2013-05-06	She was talking to Shae. And the point is that she should realize that her family cannot atend the wedding since they are at war. She saying that was very dumb. Sansa is supposed to grow wiser, not dumber.You realize that temporary war-time truces have actually happened in real life..right?
3320	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	Having Mel meet Arya now could have a repercussion on Mel's arc at the Wall. She wouldn't mistake Alys Karstark for Arya now, and she might not even have a reason to send Abel/Mance Rayder.Oh you're right! I hadn't tought about that!Re: Queen of Thorns- I'm sorry if this isn't the right place to post if there's another more relevant thread, please kindly direct me thanks.The Queen of Thorns screen time and role has been a bit overstated for me as I<U+0080><U+0099>ve read the books first and with them being canon I am always comparing the TV show with them, I know how the story pans out so am tracking the TV Show along the route. I enjoyed her repartee with Varys a couple of weeks ago and Tywin this week ("A sword swallower through and through") but I think she<U+0080><U+0099>s getting a bit too much sceen time ahead of other characters and the scene with her last week was just silly, as if she was more wittier than Tyrion! Just my opinion though.You've come to the right place my friend! Welcome to the forum! And I agree with you! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  Now Olenna is just annoying IMO.
3321	moey reed	2013-05-06	oh, i forgot the sam and gilly scene..it was a pretty cute scene i must admit, but the random mention of the dragonglass dagger was like "oh ya i forgot i found this super weird but pretty stuff, wonder what it does" i was sooo much looking forward to "sam the slayer" but oh well /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
3322	Versiroth	2013-05-06	oh, i forgot the sam and gilly scene..it was a pretty cute scene i must admit, but the random mention of the dragonglass dagger was like "oh ya i forgot i found this super weird but pretty stuff, wonder what it does" i was sooo much looking forward to "sam the slayer" but oh well /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I think that was the point of this scene.  It's to remind the audience of the dagger so that they know what's going on when he kills and other next week.
3323	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	You realize that temporary war-time truces have actually happened in real life..right?Ah of course in real life, you see? You think Joffrey is just going to accept that? Don't you think he is going to chop off their heads and put them in pikes as soon as they put a foot in KL? He is the King, and Robb is a traitor, who can say no? You think Robb is gonna leave all his war affairs just to go to Sansa's wedding and then just leave to continue the war, and just leave her in the paws of the Lions? Right.....ETA: Sansa know Joff, Sansa knows the situation. She should know it's not possible, and what would happen. She should be gettin wiser, smarter. But no. She is still the same stupid and naive girl that she was in the begining of the series.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 06 May 2013 - 11:15 AM.
3324	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Ah of course in real life, you see? You think Joffrey is just going to accept that? Don't you think he is going to chop off their heads and put them in pikes as soon as they put a foot in KL? He is the King, and Robb is a traitor, who can say no? You think Robb is gonna leave all his war affairs just to go to Sansa's wedding and then just leave to continue the war, and just leave her in the paws of the Lions? Right.....Who said anything about their wedding being at Kings Landing?  Do you honestly believe that the heir of Highgarden wouldn't want his wedding to be.. you know... AT Highgarden?  Also, it's not like the Tyrell's aren't plotting against the Lannisters or anything.  Them inviting Rob and Cat in secret to Sansa's wedding isn't completely out of character at all.I'm not saying that all of this would have happened, but Sansa having the thought isn't as dumb as you're trying to make it out to be.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 06 May 2013 - 11:20 AM.
3325	David Selig	2013-05-06	Who said anything about their wedding being at Kings Landing?  Do you honestly believe that the heir of Highgarden wouldn't want his wedding to be.. you know... AT Highgarden?  Also, it's not like the Tyrell's aren't plotting against the Lannisters or anything.  Them inviting Rob and Cat in secret to Sansa's wedding isn't completely out of character at all.I'm not saying that all of this would have happened, but Sansa having the thought isn't as dumb as you're trying to make it out to be. The Tyrells and the Starks are at war. Thus Robb and Cat accepting an invitation to Sansa - Loras wedding, no matter where it takes place, even if the Tyrells are silly enough to send one is absolutely preposterous.
3326	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-05-06	Ugh, LF gets worse and worse on the show. I was waiting for him to start rubbing his hands together diabolically and twirling the ends of his mustache /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. He's about as subtle as a pick axe.
3327	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	The Tyrells and the Starks are at war. Thus Robb and Cat accepting an invitation to Sansa - Loras wedding, no matter where it takes place, even if the Tyrells are silly enough to send one is absolutely preposterous.I guess Sansa is still an idiot at this point in the show, which seems odd. Hopefully she'll wisen up when she gets to the Eerie
3328	Young Nan	2013-05-06	One nitpick is my continuing dislike for the Blackfish. Yeah, we get it, Edmure's kind of an oaf, no need to act like the most humongous dick to him at every second. Sure, that's his nephew, but he's now also his lord.Me too, I hate show Blackfish.  I already gathered that Edmure is a dumbass, his uncle doesn't have to hammer the point home all the time.  And of all people to force someone to get married, the Blackfish?  Mister "I am going to not speak to my brother for years because I won't marry"Yeah, I wish Sansa and Tyrion's wedding had been kept a surprise. That was a real gut punch when it happened and I don't know why they took the surprise out of it.Yep, that would have been a much cooler reveal since they already have Sansa thinking she will marry Loras.  They could have had her show up to her wedding, so excited, to see Tyrion.  It would have been easy to execute on camera.. And why is Sansa pretty much the only person unaware of Loras' sexuality?That's actually true to the books.  Sansa was too busy fantasizing about him to notice that he was totally gay. Nitpick?On the Castle Black side of the Wall apparently lie green pastures. What the hell?Yeah, my husband asked me if the weather is different on the other side of the wall, and if that's part of the reason the wildlings are trying to get over there.  LOL.
3329	Young Nan	2013-05-06	Ugh, LF gets worse and worse on the show. I was waiting for him to start rubbing his hands together diabolically and twirling the ends of his mustache /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. He's about as subtle as a pick axe.Both him and Varys are ridiculous.   They have had what, three scenes now where they have verbal duels saying "oh, I am a very big schemer" "oh, well that may be, my lord, but I am a schemer too"  with lots of hand-wringing, mustache twirling, and "muahahaha"-ing.  We get it, these two guys are pulling all the strings.
3330	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	That's actually true to the books.  Sansa was too busy fantasizing about him to notice that he was totally gay.I also think Sansa is too naive to understand his sexuality even if someone had outright told her. She's been so sheltered her whole life. I feel like she'd be like "Um...what? Boys don't like other boys! Golly!"
3331	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	Who said anything about their wedding being at Kings Landing?  Do you honestly believe that the heir of Highgarden wouldn't want his wedding to be.. you know... AT Highgarden?  Also, it's not like the Tyrell's aren't plotting against the Lannisters or anything.  Them inviting Rob and Cat in secret to Sansa's wedding isn't completely out of character at all.I'm not saying that all of this would have happened, but Sansa having the thought isn't as dumb as you're trying to make it out to be.Again, Robb is fighting a war, he wouldn't leave it just for Sansa's wedding. The Tyrells are allied with the Lannisters now, therefore they are also at war with Robb. Robb and Catelyn accepting the invitation would be pretty stupid. And The Tyrells wouldn't betray their alliance by inviting Robb, a traitor. What Sansa said was pretty dumb. She hasn't have any development, or just very very little IMO. She's been dumbed down. She is one of my favourite characters in the books, that's why I think is a very big deal.
3332	a shadow	2013-05-06	It's not like the Tyrell's aren't plotting against the Lannisters or anything.  Them inviting Rob and Cat in secret to Sansa's wedding isn't completely out of character at all.Why they want Sansa at all? In hopes Robb will die. No one even asked his or Catelyn's permission.I also think Sansa is too naive to understandIt can be and I think is in the books. But in the scene of the last episode Loras was straightforward making faces at her and examining his nails, that should have been observed by her as a complete disinterest in her, no matter on what grounds.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 06 May 2013 - 12:10 PM.
3333	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-06	That's actually true to the books.  Sansa was too busy fantasizing about him to notice that he was totally gay.I also think Sansa is too naive to understand his sexuality even if someone had outright told her. She's been so sheltered her whole life. I feel like she'd be like "Um...what? Boys don't like other boys! Golly!"In defense of Sansa I have to say that it wasn't so onvious in the books, and not everybody knew about it (not like in the show where is amazingly obvious, and apparently everybody knows!)
3334	HouseHarrison	2013-05-06	Nitpick?On the Castle Black side of the Wall apparently lie green pastures. What the hell?The Wall defends the North from Winter.
3335	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-06	Again, Robb is fighting a war, he wouldn't leave it just for Sansa's wedding. The Tyrells are allied with the Lannisters now, therefore they are also at war with Robb. Robb and Catelyn accepting the invitation would be pretty stupid. And The Tyrells wouldn't betray their alliance by inviting Robb, a traitor. What Sansa said was pretty dumb. She hasn't have any development, or just very very little IMO. She's been dumbed down. She is one of my favourite characters in the books, that's why I think is a very big deal.My nitpick with this is if the Tyrells are allied with the Lannisters, why is the Loras/Willas match considered such a life line for Sansa? It could be just as bad if her brother does the wrong thing as it was with Joffrey? No doubt they wouldn't be as sadistic but why doesn't anyone, especially Sansa, worry about this proposal?As for Sansa being dumbed down, no one should really complain about her asking about her family attending. It's not the brightest thing she could have said but Sansa on a whole has been smartened and toughened quite a bit on the show. She doesn't go on and on about songs, knights and fairytales as she does in the books (a huge plus!), she doesn't blab to Cersei and she doesn't blab to either Margaery or Littlefinger when directly asked about her plans. Book Sansa never said "I just can't say anything about it." If we look at the deleted Sansa-Hound-Tyrion scene, she unequivocally says she doesn't sing songs anymore. Book Sansa was not thinking that at this stage of her story.What's more, while she shows a small gain of not being as fussed about Willas being crippled, she is still just as full of dreams when she mentions puppies and picnics and naming her children after her family. Asking about her family on the show gives a nod to this, reminds us that she is still very naive at this stage of the story and finally reminds us that she is unaware that most of her family are "dead". It's hardly a dumbing down of Sansa.
3336	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Why they want Sansa at all? In hopes Robb will die. No one even asked his or Catelyn's permission.It can be and I think is in the books. But in the scene of the last episode Loras was straightforward making faces at her and examining his nails, that should have been observed by her as a complete disinterest in her, no matter on what grounds.True, but she also has no experience with boys, other than Joffrey *shudder*. She has stars in her eyes, Loras is like a rockstar after all, so she prolly think he's acting normal/cool and she's the one being all nervous.In defense of Sansa I have to say that it wasn't so onvious in the books, and not everybody knew about it (not like in the show where is amazingly obvious, and apparently everybody knows!)Totally. It was barely mentioned in the books and in the show it's ZOMGHEIZSOGAY. I think the book version is much better because Loras & Renly had to be discreet which is in keeping with the Medieval attitudes whereas the characters on the show seem surprisingly accepting or tame in their reactions (well, except, Joffrey).
3337	David Selig	2013-05-06	Note that Jaime wanted in to the Kingsguard, though. There's not much sense to the idea that you can force someone to say the vows. Hell... this very episode has Edmure say that no one can compell a man to wed. Which is, really, meaning that no one can compel you to swear holy vows, whether of matrimony or of the Kingsguard.So it's all a bit nonsensical, on that level. So they want to say that in show canon, yes, someone can be forced into the Kingsguard and will have no choice... well, fine. But I would have liked Olenna to muse aloud about whatever became of the last man who took a lord's heir away from him by naming him to the Kingsguard... That argument really should have gone on longer, really. Besides, when Aerys made Jaime part of the KG, there wasn't a war goin on and there wasn't much Tywin could do. In Loras' case, the Tyrells can just imply they'd join the Starks if Tywin pushes them on this, and he can't do anything.
3338	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	OT but I lol'd at the combo of your name & pic. Lady Whiskers FTW!! haha /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
3339	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-06	OT but I lol'd at the combo of your name & pic. Lady Whiskers FTW!! haha /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Lady Whiskers    /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />
3340	TheDarkOne	2013-05-06	Ah of course in real life, you see? You think Joffrey is just going to accept that? Don't you think he is going to chop off their heads and put them in pikes as soon as they put a foot in KL? He is the King, and Robb is a traitor, who can say no? You think Robb is gonna leave all his war affairs just to go to Sansa's wedding and then just leave to continue the war, and just leave her in the paws of the Lions? Right.....If Robb were dumb enough to show up at the wedding, and I wouldn't put it past him, Joff would give him a big red smile courtesy of Heart Eater, or maybe give him a real close look at the new crossbow.One nice thing about last night's episode, it showed Joff as much more of a bad ass. I hope we get to see more of that.
3341	mafalda	2013-05-06	Ok just watched the episode...... you people don't know how to complain, only five pages? what a shame.... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />The show is making it too hard for me to nitpick since there are just many changes at this point, but I'll try my best!- The whole Meera/Osha cat fight. Really? I don't even find it interesting. Is this to explain why Osha and Rickon separate? So Bran is just gonna let Rickon go alone with Osha just because Meera and her fight all the time? Right.....- Jojen has seizures.- Jon is more afraid than Ygritte about climbing the Wall. Ygritte doesn't cry, and no mention of the Horn of Joramund.- The BWB not objecting to Mel. Now I like them way less than in the books.- Ramsay's voice. Really I just cannot take him seriously with that voice.- Theon not guessing he is in the Dreadfort, come on you're being flayed! is not that hard!- Blackfish forcing Edmure and acting like an asshole. How can he force Edmure to marry when he never did it himself?- What did they do to my Tywin and my Joff? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  Tywin shouldn't be so open, and Joff is not that sick.- Tyrion telling Sansa about her wedding with him, and then not even showing him saying it.- Sansa and her "would they let me invite my family?". Poor Sansa, this is why everybody hates her.On the bright side did I hear a little Har! from Tormund?? Please tell me I did.I agree with everything you said, esp about Ramsay! I nitpicked about this over on the Roose Bolton board. Everyone loves Ramsay on the show so I'm totally in the minority when I say I don't. It's like a weird little school boy vice or something. His demeanor, everything about him I cannot take seriously.The seizing Jojen thing was a major wtf moment.I totally tilted my head at the screen when Sansa asked that question.I think you're the first person ever to say "my Joff" lol. But this is the point I was trying to make in my previous posts... he's totally sick and sadistic and evil but I don't think he would have the guts to kill someone HIMSELF.Thank you for reminding me of the Horn. Totally forgot about that!The Blackfish is cool and all but it irritates me how mean he is to Edmure.Theon is basically the emblem for House Bolton, by now I hope the unsullied watchers have guessed where he is by now. Either way, this whole Where is Theon/Who is that guy thing is dragging on way too long.
3342	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	If Robb were dumb enough to show up at the wedding, and I wouldn't put it past him, Joff would give him a big red smile courtesy of Heart Eater, or maybe give him a real close look at the new crossbow.One nice thing about last night's episode, it showed Joff as much more of a bad ass. I hope we get to see more of that.http://static.giantb...696682-fry1.jpg
3343	DorneToTheWall	2013-05-06	In clash of kings, doesn't Joff kill a peasant at the gate begging for food?
3344	a shadow	2013-05-06	I think you're the first person ever to say "my Joff" lol. But this is the point I was trying to make in my previous posts... he's totally sick and sadistic and evil but I don't think he would have the guts to kill someone HIMSELF.If people would give another thought to TV Joffrey (other than that they just hate him), I think they should wonder as to just how he became who he is? In the books we have Cersei being active with him and doing some of the worst things TV Joffrey is doing now. He looks a little bit like a prop on screen. Just the villain. Not so in the books as far as I saw it.
3345	DorneToTheWall	2013-05-06	Something i don't understand about the Tywin / Queen of thorns convo was: Loras was on Renly's Rainbow Guard.  Maybe i just assumed it was exactly like the kingsguard... So it's like, they were already okay with Loras losing his entitlement to Highgarden and all that previously by their own actions.
3346	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	If people would give another thought to TV Joffrey (other than that they just hate him), I think they should wonder as to just how he became who he is? In the books we have Cersei being active with him and doing some of the worst things TV Joffrey is doing now. He looks a little bit like a prop on screen. Just the villain. Not so in the books as far as I saw it.Who cares? He is who is and that's all that matters. Some people are just born evil.And it's not like Joffrey had it that rough growing up. He was born into royalty FFS. There are people that go through waaay worse and don't turn into sadistic monsters.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 06 May 2013 - 12:57 PM.
3347	mafalda	2013-05-06	If people would give another thought to TV Joffrey (other than that they just hate him), I think they should wonder as to just how he became who he is? In the books we have Cersei being active with him and doing some of the worst things TV Joffrey is doing now. He looks a little bit like a prop on screen. Just the villain. Not so in the books as far as I saw it.True.. I always wonder about how the villains became who they are. No doubt it my mind that TV Joff is way more evil than book Joff... just like that scene they added in s2 with him forcing the prostitutes to beat each other (well damn, if i was Ros, I would have left kings landing then!). I remember in one of the books they talk about a time where he cuts open a live, pregnant cat and brought it to his father (Robert, lol, not the real one!) looking to seek approval.. I don't know why he thought this would seek Robert's approval, but Robert pretty much punches him in the face or something. I'm always fascinated by the villains and want to know their backstory.But the "my Joff" comment was just funny to me, because I'd never heard it before. We all have our favorite villain or whatever but I have never heard anyone say that they like Joff! I'm not saying anything negative about liking Joff, I'm simply just acknowledging that I'd never heard it before! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3348	a shadow	2013-05-06	Who cares? He is who is and that's all that matters. Some people are just born evil.And it's not like Joffrey had it that rough growing up. He was born into royalty FFS. There are people that go through waaay worse and don't turn into sadistic monsters.I care /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  It takes it's own little thing away from the show for me. Characters are not supposed to be props. But good for you, if you don't mind /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
3349	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	If people would give another thought to TV Joffrey (other than that they just hate him), I think they should wonder as to just how he became who he is? In the books we have Cersei being active with him and doing some of the worst things TV Joffrey is doing now. He looks a little bit like a prop on screen. Just the villain. Not so in the books as far as I saw it.Well, I dont think it was Cersei's influence that made him cut those kittens out of that cat. He's pretty much evil by nature, as well as by nurture.
3350	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	If Robb were dumb enough to show up at the wedding, and I wouldn't put it past him, Joff would give him a big red smile courtesy of Heart Eater, or maybe give him a real close look at the new crossbow.One nice thing about last night's episode, it showed Joff as much more of a bad ass. I hope we get to see more of that.On the contrary, I got the opposite impression from Jofferey.He made such a big scene about fighting in Blackwater and then retreats like a little girl.The only kill he has performed has been on an unarmed female prostitute who was tied up no less.Quite the opposite of being a bad ass.
3351	Maria Underfoot	2013-05-06	Many annoying changes, but,overall, I think this episode sets everything up nicely for what's about to follow. (I for one don't hate the whole Melissandre-Gendry storyline.)
Things that annoyed me the most:
-Cersei and Tyrion, being buddies, who are both good at heart and have been mistreated by daddy.
-Tywin's ultimatum, I don't think it's something he'd do, especially to someone like the QoT
-Maybe I'm being spoiled, but something nagged me about the Robb-Freys thing. The Freys came to Robb with their terms ready and all, whereas we should have seen Robb basically begging them.
-Bran.... I hated his storyline throughout the books, but the show has basically ruined it. There is no essence in there, people haven't really understood who the Reeds are, what they are, where they are going, and yet rather than getting some insight in them, all we get is some petty fighting over rabbits
........this is a general complaint, but why the heck is Sibel Kakili (Shae) credited in the beginning, and Gwendoline Christie isn't?
3352	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	Things that annoyed me the most:-Cersei and Tyrion, being buddies, who are both good at heart and have been mistreated by daddy.I was not around these boards last season to see the reaction to the Tyrion comforting Cersei scene (when she speaks of her and Jaime's "sins").  I'm guessing the reaction was pretty similar to your reaction?I find these awkward scenes to be a nice contrast to the scenes where Cersei and Tyrion have their verbal throwdowns "a day will come when your joy will turn to ash in your mouth, and you will know the dept is paid." I honestly just read it as the calm before the storm.
3353	Young Nan	2013-05-06	Totally. It was barely mentioned in the books and in the show it's ZOMGHEIZSOGAY. I think the book version is much better because Loras & Renly had to be discreet which is in keeping with the Medieval attitudes whereas the characters on the show seem surprisingly accepting or tame in their reactions (well, except, Joffrey).It was subtle in the book, but not that subtle, everyone still knew.  In the book someone referred to Loras as "Renly's little rose".  Jamie Lannister threatened to shove Loras' sword somewhere even Renly never found. Stannis made that comment about how Margaery was likely to stay a virgin in Renly's bed, and Cersei made a comment about how even if a man prefers ale, he would drink wine if the situation called for it  (paraphrasing) when wondering about whether Renly had bedded Margaery or not.  Someone also made a comment about marrying a third son off was difficult, and commented that it would be "thrice as difficult" with Loras.  I think it was pretty clear in the books, reading between the lines, that Renly and Loras' relationship was common knowledge, despite the discretion that Renly and Loras thought that they were exercising.
3354	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	Anyway, knee-jerk reactions:
1. I did not initially like the blase manner in which the BwB gave up Gendry. Upon reading discussion here on these boards I have changed my mind on this one now that I've had time to think it through and have decided it's really not all that OOC for the Brotherhood after all.
2. I continue to remain confused as to the outcome of the QoT scene with Tywin. Did she agree to marrying Loras to Cersei, or to making him a member of the KG? The general consensus is that she agreed to the marriage but for whatever reason I remain skeptical on that (another rewatch may be necessary.)
3. My biggest issue with this season is quickly becoming the fact that the Bran scenes just feel like fodder. They know he's important and don't know what to do with him and are largely inventing scenes. I know there is not much material to work from in the books but the material that is there is gold (Knight of the Laughing Tree anyone?) I feel like Bran is being wasted at this point, which is disappointing because the initial introduction to Jojen came across as being very powerful to me.
Other than that, I don't have much nitpicking and liked this episode though it has taken some time for me to come to that conclusion.
3355	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Bran's aSoS chapters are pretty weak and boring besides the KotLT story. That's gold to a book reader. Pretty hard to pull off on TV but they still have plenty of time to do it. Remember that they have to somehow get 2 seasons worth of Bran stuff from this book. They need to invent some scenes that are actually interesting though. Being chased by Ramsay/Theon could provide that, considering they both have nothing really to do for now, but I doubt they'll do it.
How about just infodumping Westerosi history through him. It can't be any more boring than it is now and at least book readers would appreciate it.
3356	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	1. Hated pretty much everything about Mel, Gendry and BwB. Valar Morghulis? WTF? Red priests do not say that. Are they making the FM a part of the red religion? I might just quit the show if they do that. BwB does not sell people. They RANSOM. Ransoming does not equal selling. They sold their member like he was cattle, I HATED it.
2. Bran scenes were pointless as always, it feels like they are just trying to fill the time with them.
3. Gay jokes got old in season 1, now they are just pathetic
The rest was good I guess.
3357	Khal Pono	2013-05-06	I don't like how Renly and Loras are being depicted as EXTREMELY gay, to the point that the thought of being with a woman makes them nervous/queasy. 
The gay men I know think women are beautiful--even sexy--and most of them have even had sex with a woman at least once and enjoyed it, though it's not what they would prefer.  I've never met a gay man who cringes at the idea of touching a woman.
I thought the Renly/Margaery scene was somewhat unrealistic--especially if he was drunk.  A real man--gay or straight--would totally go for it.
Likewise, someone as smooth and socially competent as Loras should at least be able to *pretened* he finds Sansa desirable.
3358	Minsc	2013-05-06	Besides, when Aerys made Jaime part of the KG, there wasn't a war goin on and there wasn't much Tywin could do. In Loras' case, the Tyrells can just imply they'd join the Starks if Tywin pushes them on this, and he can't do anything.This ^Really, by this time it is the Tyrells who are on the rise so I doubt Tywin would be idiotic enough to threaten to harm his only major alliance.  Especially, when he and King's Landing is surrounded by Tyrell soldiers and the Lannisters are depleted.
3359	AliKat	2013-05-06	This should have been robb n cats season, and now it's too late. We should have had the she bears n more greatjon and all the ppl that loved robb. They look completely alone n issolated n the the only times theyre shown is when robb fucked up n gets critised for it by his own banner men. What will they have robb, cat n edmure walking in alone into the twins just seems really dump. I wanted dacey Lil crush on robb n her mother n better casting for the greatjon n more sceen time especially this season. imagine if they took all those ros, pod, bronn n brothel scenes out n put something that actually has something to do with the story. The show gives better coverage of what's happening in KL, lannisters especially Tyrion. They fucked over Dany in season 2 and now robb n cat. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> YES! They have taken so much time from Cat/Robb and its too late to salvage. At this point a lot of the people who never read the books hate Robb (the same ones who loved him last season) and book readers are fed up and read for the RW now. The reason why Robb is coming off so bad is because he's getting short scenes where Talisa is getting more screen time than Cat. I didn't hate Talisa last season because they had chemistry. They don't now. She was looking at him lustily 2-3 times so far this season and each time he's blown her off. (so its hard to understand him blowing the Frey alliance for 'love' when  you don't see them being in love anymore) The honeymoon is over. She interferes with things to do with the war yet admits she doesn't know where Winterfell is. Let Cat have her scenes/lines back. Let Robb show some humanity again rather than just fed up, burnt out, 'I'm losing everything and I can't fix it' temper flareups with no real reflection.The Edmure scene was pretty true to the book except the Blackfish says in the book that he's the last person to insist on a marriage but he did mention that he'd (Edmure) would make it up to Robb. At least on the show Robb admitted Edmure was saving his ass because he messed up and he appreciated it.I wish they had included more Northern bannermen and less Tyrell adds on (nieces, cheeseboy, etc) or KL's whores. Less time spent on Theon's torture because a lot of it is getting too graphic too watch and it was good enough to be implied in the book. And 80% of it could have been done in Season 4. Ramsey has shown he's a sick ticket - let's focus on things that have to happen before the RW. Jon's whole story beyond the wall was so compressed its no wonder Ygritte doubts him. He's barely shown any integration!I was upset by the handling of the whole marriage to Cersei/Loras - not believable. And it took away the fact that Loras became a Kingsguard to protect Margarery. The attempt on Tyrion's life blamed on Joffrey when we all know that doesn't make sense. They also blamed Joff for the murder of Robert's bastards instead of Cersei I believe. Its like they are completely de-villianzing her and making her look like a battered woman when she did a lot of evil things on her own that had nothing to do with her daddy being mean or her husband being a drunk.I love the show but its like its trying to cram too many characters and too much violence in and its suffering on the actual story. I have to explain things to my non-book reading friends each week because its not making sense without a lot of the storylines they're leaving out.
3360	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	Something i don't understand about the Tywin / Queen of thorns convo was: Loras was on Renly's Rainbow Guard.  Maybe i just assumed it was exactly like the kingsguard... So it's like, they were already okay with Loras losing his entitlement to Highgarden and all that previously by their own actions. Was it ever confirmed that Loras was in Renly's Kingsguard in the show?Who cares? He is who is and that's all that matters. Some people are just born evil. It's implied very heavily in the books that Joffrey's behaviour is a response to Robert's neglectful parenting.
3361	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	/bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> YES! They have taken so much time from Cat/Robb and its too late to salvage. At this point a lot of the people who never read the books hate Robb (the same ones who loved him last season) and book readers are fed up and read for the RW now. The reason why Robb is coming off so bad is because he's getting short scenes where Talisa is getting more screen time than Cat. I didn't hate Talisa last season because they had chemistry. They don't now. She was looking at him lustily 2-3 times so far this season and each time he's blown her off. (so its hard to understand him blowing the Frey alliance for 'love' when  you don't see them being in love anymore) The honeymoon is over. She interferes with things to do with the war yet admits she doesn't know where Winterfell is. Let Cat have her scenes/lines back. Let Robb show some humanity again rather than just fed up, burnt out, 'I'm losing everything and I can't fix it' temper flareups with no real reflection.The Edmure scene was pretty true to the book except the Blackfish says in the book that he's the last person to insist on a marriage but he did mention that he'd (Edmure) would make it up to Robb. At least on the show Robb admitted Edmure was saving his ass because he messed up and he appreciated it.I wish they had included more Northern bannermen and less Tyrell adds on (nieces, cheeseboy, etc) or KL's whores. Less time spent on Theon's torture because a lot of it is getting too graphic too watch and it was good enough to be implied in the book. And 80% of it could have been done in Season 4. Ramsey has shown he's a sick ticket - let's focus on things that have to happen before the RW. Jon's whole story beyond the wall was so compressed its no wonder Ygritte doubts him. He's barely shown any integration!I was upset by the handling of the whole marriage to Cersei/Loras - not believable. And it took away the fact that Loras became a Kingsguard to protect Margarery. The attempt on Tyrion's life blamed on Joffrey when we all know that doesn't make sense. They also blamed Joff for the murder of Robert's bastards instead of Cersei I believe. Its like they are completely de-villianzing her and making her look like a battered woman when she did a lot of evil things on her own that had nothing to do with her daddy being mean or her husband being a drunk.I love the show but its like its trying to cram too many characters and too much violence in and its suffering on the actual story. I have to explain things to my non-book reading friends each week because its not making sense without a lot of the storylines they're leaving out.I couldn't agree more. I can't wait for RW so that we can finally get rid of the depressed halfwit known as The King in the North. And the worst part is that many people I know feel the same way. I was rooting for him in the books but on the show he is, together with Mance, probably the worst character this season.
3362	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	It's implied very heavily in the books that Joffrey's behaviour is a response to Robert's neglectful parenting.A lot of people had neglectful fathers. That alone won't turn you into the evil that Joffrey has become.No, Joffrey is a born monster.
3363	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	Tommen had the same father...
3364	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	A lot of people had neglectful fathers. That alone won't turn you into the evil that Joffrey has become.No, Joffrey is a born monster.But Joffrey's actions were done to IMPRESS Robert. For example, when he cut the cat open, it was to imitate Robert's hunting. Joffrey clearly had a fairly bad natural disposition. But Robert's poor parenting played a huge role in Joffrey's later actions.
3365	Minsc	2013-05-06	A lot of people had neglectful fathers. That alone won't turn you into the evil that Joffrey has become.No, Joffrey is a born monster.I somewhat agree seeing how Myrcella and Tommen had the same terrible "father" and mother but they are both sweat and innocent children.
3366	ambi76	2013-05-06	Was it ever confirmed that Loras was in Renly's Kingsguard in the show?Only in Marg's and Littlefinger's season 2 scene where he grills her about Renly/Loras ("A kingsguard's place is at his king's side") which I guess is now conveniently forgotten or Renly's guard had totally different rules or something. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />ETA: Loras the heir is definitely a season 3 retcon though as in some introductionary family features of HBO GRRM explicitly refers to season 1 Loras as third son of Mace Tyrell.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 06 May 2013 - 02:10 PM.
3367	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	Only in Marg's and Littlefinger's season 2 scene where he grills her about Renly/Loras ("A kingsguard's place is at his king's side") which I guess is now conveniently forgotten or Renly's guard had totally different rules or something. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Thank you for clarifying this. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's just another example of an unnecessary plot-hole. Keeping Willas in the show wouldn't have changed anything; Sansa could still have been betrothed to Loras.
3368	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	But Joffrey's actions were done to IMPRESS Robert. For example, when he cut the cat open, it was to imitate Robert's hunting.Joffrey clearly had a fairly bad natural disposition. But Robert's poor parenting played a huge role in Joffrey's later actions.Dude the cat gutting is a perfect example of pure psycho behavior. Nothing could have been done to save Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 06 May 2013 - 02:07 PM.
3369	Sniraga	2013-05-06	3. My biggest issue with this season is quickly becoming the fact that the Bran scenes just feel like fodder. They know he's important and don't know what to do with him and are largely inventing scenes. I know there is not much material to work from in the books but the material that is there is gold (Knight of the Laughing Tree anyone?) I feel like Bran is being wasted at this point, which is disappointing because the initial introduction to Jojen came across as being very powerful to me.I agree that D&D haven't developed Bran's storyline as well as the introduction to the Reeds led to expect, but I'm still mostly liking the Bran scenes. They are filler perhaps, but at least they're not porn or torture porn. And it's sort of nice to see something kinda quiet and tranquil, as compared to the chaos and suffering elsewhere. And both Jojen and Meera are still sympathetic and intriguing (more than their book counterparts, IMO), although I wish D&D would have dropped the idea of Meera/Osha clash. It feels just as silly and boring than Jaime/Ned macho crap in S1.I'm still hoping for the tale of KotLT. It would be so cool if they made it something weird and artistic like the Deathly Hallows story in Harry Potter 7.
3370	Ran	2013-05-06	It's been since season 2 that I fear I have been waiting for the RW to put Catelyn out of my misery. She could have, should have, been so much more.
3371	Angmar	2013-05-06	I still enjoyed the episode though, but it does have many flaws. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />-Brienne's dress. Isn't it supposed to be ugly?-I actually liked the scenes with BWB and Mel. Her confrontation with Arya was also okay. Though I wonder how'll that affect the Alys Karstark story in season 5/6. If she mistakes Arya with Alys, already knowing how Arya looks, she'll come out as a fool.-Osha and Meera and rabbits. Pointless filler. There's not much to work with Bran in the book either though.-Too much Theon torture. It's the same thing every episode and it's so distressing. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />-Tywin and the Queen of Thorns. She's getting WAAY too much screentime. Also I didn't like her breaking his quill in his face. Seemed too forced and cheesy and the writers trying to prove that "yeah, she's a badass".  In the books Olenna is more subtle, and Tywin is never made such a fool.-Ros' death. Everything from this character has been a shoddy storyline. It's too much of a coincidence; she lives near the Starks, she beds Tyrion and Theon and other main characters, she goes to KL, she witnesses Joffrey's cruelty, LF and Varys seek her out, Cersei takes her for Tyrion's lover...Too much! What, she's the only whore in Westeros or something?-Sansa being very naive. I thought those times were gone. In season 2 she shown to have grown up. Suddenly Tyrells come and she's acting like a little girl again.-Waay too much stereotype for Loras and Renly.  It gets worse when people comment Sansa and Loras should be bff and he'd be her gay best friend or something. Way to fetishize someone. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />-I like Jon and Ygritte's story. They're trying to make them be the main couple of this season, so her death crushes the audience.-Cat, being reduced from a POV character in the book to an extra. And yeah, I would have loved to have a Robb POV in the books too, and I loved initially how the show tried to show his story too, but they're turning him very unlikeable.-LF isn't subtle enough. And I just get bored with all those scenes him and Varys have in the throne room. It's the same thing all over, doesn't advance the plot nor the characters, and it's super boring.But yeah, I still liked the episode. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> no Dany, yeah. I don't get to see Emilia's angry!Dany for one episode.
3372	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	I'm with Patrick on this one, Joffrey has bad genes (maybe from incest?) but it's mostly down to the even worse father figures in his life, Robert and Sandor, and a crap mother in Cersei.
The reason Myrcella and Tommen are different is because of the different relationship they have with their parents, being later-born children and also not growing up with the power and privilege being heir to the throne gives you.
3373	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	But you see, Loras cares about gowns because he's gay! Get it? 
When D&D write an episode, it's like they make a conscious effort to be as ham-fisted as possible. 
Littlefinger is EVIL and has an EVIL VOICE. (god I hate aiden gillen for destroying such a great character)
Jon and Ygritte are IN LOVE
Sam has a DRAGONGLASS DAGGER
Olenna is CLEVER
Joffrey is A MONSTER
It's like they reduce every character to one single characteristic. It's especially jarring after a Bryan Cogman episode.
3374	Rapsie	2013-05-06	It's been since season 2 that I fear I have been waiting for the RW to put Catelyn out of my misery. She could have, should have, been so much more.Very, very true. Sadly the RW can't come around fast enough IMHO.
3375	Young Nan	2013-05-06	But you see, Loras cares about gowns because he's gay! Get it? When D&D write an episode, it's like they make a conscious effort to be as ham-fisted as possible. Littlefinger is EVIL and has an EVIL VOICE. (god I hate aiden gillen for destroying such a great character)Jon and Ygritte are IN LOVESam has a DRAGONGLASS DAGGEROlenna is CLEVERJoffrey is A MONSTERIt's like they reduce every character to one single characteristic. It's especially jarring after a Bryan Cogman episode.I was just saying that a few minutes ago.  It's like they are patronizing their viewers.  I know many viewers haven't read the books, but they don't need to insult their intelligence either by making all of the characters into caricatures and making every plot point hamfisted and blatantly obvious.
3376	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-06	But Joffrey's actions were done to IMPRESS Robert. For example, when he cut the cat open, it was to imitate Robert's hunting.Joffrey clearly had a fairly bad natural disposition. But Robert's poor parenting played a huge role in Joffrey's later actions.Actually no, he cut the cat open when someone told him there were kittens inside and he wanted to see them. When he found them, he showed them to his father. The emphasis in the story was not on his doing it "for" his father but because his mind thought it would be interesting.The Bran incident is not too different. He overhears his father say it would be a  mercy for Bran to die, and again, Joffrey's brain says, "Yeah, that's a good idea." The implication is that Joffrey is psychotic and doesn't need much to undertake gruesome actions. Spending more time with his father could only lead to trouble, since Robert is no angel to begin with.
3377	Minsc	2013-05-06	It's been since season 2 that I fear I have been waiting for the RW to put Catelyn out of my misery. She could have, should have, been so much more.Besides maybe the Tyrells (also maybe Dany, but I have forgotten most of her story), I don't think they have done justice to any of the female characters in the series.
3378	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Aerys does the same thing when he names Jaime to the King's guard to spite Tywin.Jaime accepted it. He may have been bullied, but it wasn't some kind of royal order - he still had to say the words.
3379	Serial Killer Arya	2013-05-06	I've said before on another thread, worst of the season.  A weak 7 only because I'm a huge fan.   Sam is Sam the Dummy.  Cat I feel none of her agonizing over her children.   Rob. I could care less if he dies now.   Where is the constantly drinking Ceresi?  Varys seems like he's missing a blonde wig.  dumbed down.   BRAN one of my favorite story arc......NOW I DON'T CARE.  BORING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Jon?  Where is Jon Snow?  Who is this guy?   
Have Brian Cogman do all the episodes and GM with his one.
3380	teemo	2013-05-06	But you see, Loras cares about gowns because he's gay! Get it?When D&D write an episode, it's like they make a conscious effort to be as ham-fisted as possible.Littlefinger is EVIL and has an EVIL VOICE. (god I hate aiden gillen for destroying such a great character)Jon and Ygritte are IN LOVESam has a DRAGONGLASS DAGGEROlenna is CLEVERJoffrey is A MONSTERIt's like they reduce every character to one single characteristic. It's especially jarring after a Bryan Cogman episode.yep.  I totally agree.  I really, really like Aidan Gillen and was excited when he was cast, but...it's just been such a huge disappointment.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 03:37 PM.
3381	Er Rn	2013-05-06	The more I think about the scene between Tywin and Olenna the more it bugs me.
The Lannisters aren't exactly in the position to be making demands of the Tyrells, who could take their army, their food, and their money and head back to Highgarden. Throw in with Stannis, Robb, or just wait it out in the Reach.
I don't understand why Tywin would just put it out there that he would appoint Loras to the KG. He should've just accepted their refusal of the Cersei engagement, and then in court have Joff name Loras to the KG, making it significantly harder to say no.
ETA: I know several others have said this same thing, I just wanted to add my .02.
					
					
							Edited by Er Rn, 06 May 2013 - 03:38 PM.
3382	Masamune	2013-05-06	The show is all kinds of stupid now and has been heading towards this iceberg since S2. I know a lot of book fans enjoy it for sheer popcorn value, and the non-readers don't know any better, but I don't even recognize anything from the source material anymore and will probably be tuning out henceforth. At this stage, any resemblance to ASOIAF is pretty much nominal.
3383	gash	2013-05-06	littlefinger's batman voice is really starting to annoy me. no need for it. we get he's devious and scheming, we don't need a comical super-villian's voice to drive the fact home.
3384	Masamune	2013-05-06	littlefinger's batman voice is really starting to annoy me. no need for it. we get he's devious and scheming, we don't need a comical super-villian's voice to drive the fact home.Whenever I hear him speak, I only want to know one thing:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qjz1_FpxrE0
3385	David Selig	2013-05-06	Speaking of Cat, what happened to her being arrested and manacled early in the season? That was completely dropped with no explanation, she is present at Robb's major meetings so what was the point?
3386	Frey Pie	2013-05-06	So Karstarks are stronger then the Starks, Manderlys, Umbers, Boltons etc......i mean half Robbs men are Karstarks? What? I get they make some changes but this makes absolutely no sense. Whats the point? To show Robbs a goner? Hes going to the RW anyway. Why bother putting in such a stupid non-fact?
3387	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	littlefinger's batman voice is really starting to annoy me. no need for it. we get he's devious and scheming, we don't need a comical super-villian's voice to drive the fact home.I don't have s1 or 2 available right now, but did he have that voice in S1/2?
3388	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I don't have s1 or 2 available right now, but did he have that voice in S1/2?I rewatched some S1 and S2 recently. He doesn't have the rasp at all in S1, and he starts getting it a little in S2. By Season 3 he's now Christian Bale although last night he was a little better in that monologue.
3389	Masamune	2013-05-06	I don't have s1 or 2 available right now, but did he have that voice in S1/2?Juxtaposition:S1:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=2PEsR1fdGTAS3: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PxlIraEV8n4
3390	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	Yeah, I noticed that last season when he bordered on a parody of Sean Connery at times.
It's gone past a distraction for me now. I've decided show LF uses different voices as to try and mask his voice from eavesdroppers or some shit /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3391	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	Juxtaposition:S1:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=2PEsR1fdGTAS3: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PxlIraEV8n4That is quite jarring. Man he was much better in S1. I actually liked the character in S1 and though Gillen did a great job, I don't know what happened there.And geez can't they send a memo around to make sure everyone pronounces Tyrell the same way?
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 06 May 2013 - 04:48 PM.
3392	Milcov	2013-05-06	So Karstarks are stronger then the Starks, Manderlys, Umbers, Boltons etc......i mean half Robbs men are Karstarks? What? I get they make some changes but this makes absolutely no sense. Whats the point? To show Robbs a goner? Hes going to the RW anyway. Why bother putting in such a stupid non-fact?This annoys me so much, not even counting the nonsense about the Freys being the only remaining house with any semblance of an army matching Karhold. What the hell, the Dreadfort probably has more than Karhold. Not to mention the freaking Vale and Dorne could likely still be won over from the Lannister's seeing as they hate them so much.Edit: According to the show.Karstark = Frey = Stark, Bolton, Umber, Tully, Mallister, Bracken, Reed etc.
					
					
							Edited by Awesome Oberyn Martell, 06 May 2013 - 04:52 PM.
3393	Frey Pie	2013-05-06	This annoys me so much, not even counting the nonsense about the Freys being the only remaining house with any semblance of an army matching Karhold. What the hell, the Dreadfort probably has more than Karhold. Not to mention the freaking Vale and Dorne could likely still be won over from the Lannister's seeing as they hate them so much.Edit: According to the show.Karstark = Frey = Stark, Bolton, Umber, Tully, Mallister, Bracken, Reed etc.The only reason i can imagine is that its to make Roose more powerful i.e. the Karstark men will go to him en masse. I like the show but why are they butchering Robb and changing numbers?
3394	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	And geez can't they send a memo around to make sure everyone pronounces Tyrell the same way?I didn't have a problem with different actors pronouncing it differently... but when the same actor says it differently from week to week I can't stand it.
3395	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-06	Blackfish is coming across as kind of an overt thug. All he does is threaten and abuse his nephew every time the two are on screen together.Yes, his nephew who also happens to be his liege lord.  Brynden's acting as if Edmure is as awful as Joffrey; and Edmure hasn't a mean bone in his body.  Why doesn't Catelyn speak up in defense of her baby brother (who is now the official head of House Tully)?Robb has a heckuva nerve forcing Edmure to wed a Frey girl to cover Robb's screwup; at least Robb admitted it.  They should have at least one Catelyn/Edmure scene before the Red Wedding, to show why he's going to be upset by her murder; so far they're acting as if they barely know each other.
3396	Young Nan	2013-05-06	honestly, a lot of the scenes in this season that I've been highly anticipating fell flat due to the lack of emotion/chemistry in a lot of the scenes.   I'm worried that the RW isn't going to have the same gravity as it should because of the way the writing is going downhill.   My husband (unsullied) called last night's episode "uneventful", even though Ros died, Jon climbed the wall, etc.   All of the Tully scenes feel devoid of any emotion, I dont think people will be connected enough to them to really feel the impact of the RW.  
its a pity, they did such an amazing job with season 1.  Incredible what you can do with an adaptation when you stick mostly to the source material.
3397	a shadow	2013-05-06	I was listing the things I liked in the episode. For this thread, because I do not want to create a new one, where The Others will like everything /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It is more interesting what people, who disliked the episode in general, liked at least a little. You can tell me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I did like:- Everyone in the BwB being smitten with Melisandre- Catelyn almost turning to stone already- Rickon had a line- The misunderstanding of *French* sleeves afterwards- Brienne (and somewhat Jaime)/ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
3398	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	They should have at least one Catelyn/Edmure scene before the Red Wedding, to show why he's going to be upset by her murder; so far they're acting as if they barely know each other.Agreed. Edmure really has had a rough old time of it this season, would be nice if they explored a different aspect of his character instead of perpetually painting him as a disappointment to his family and Robb. Tobias Menzies has been greatly underused; a scene between Edmure and Catelyn would be much appreciated at this point.
3399	Er Rn	2013-05-06	I DID like:
-Ramsay the trumpet player
-Jaime and Brienne and Roose
-View from the top of the Wall
-Varys calling the Iron Throne the Lysa Arryn of chairs /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
-NO TALISA
3400	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	The flayed skin that Roose produces in the letter from his son while at the Twins, is from Theon's left pinky. It is stated explicitly, and in the show it was taken from his right pinkie. Lol. Not really bothered by it but I noticed it as a continuity error.
3401	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	The fact that Cat only got one line this episode makes me want to set fire to something. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my hope for HBO's portrayal of Catelyn Stark was once.
3402	congokong	2013-05-06	The show is all kinds of stupid now and has been heading towards this iceberg since S2. I know a lot of book fans enjoy it for sheer popcorn value, and the non-readers don't know any better, but I don't even recognize anything from the source material anymore and will probably be tuning out henceforth. At this stage, any resemblance to ASOIAF is pretty much nominal.This.honestly, a lot of the scenes in this season that I've been highly anticipating fell flat due to the lack of emotion/chemistry in a lot of the scenes.   I'm worried that the RW isn't going to have the same gravity as it should because of the way the writing is going downhill.   My husband (unsullied) called last night's episode "uneventful", even though Ros died, Jon climbed the wall, etc.   All of the Tully scenes feel devoid of any emotion, I dont think people will be connected enough to them to really feel the impact of the RW.  its a pity, they did such an amazing job with season 1.  Incredible what you can do with an adaptation when you stick mostly to the source material.Yeah. One of the biggest instances of this I felt was the parley between Stannis and Renly last season. Neither acted anything like how they are in the books. They even took out Renly's peach.I wouldn't get too excited about the Red Wedding either. One of the reasons it was such a hard read was because people like book Robb/Catelyn more. I think many fans at this point just want their TV equivalents gone.
3403	congokong	2013-05-06	The flayed skin that Roose produces in the letter from his son while at the Twins, is from Theon's left pinky. It is stated explicitly, and in the show it was taken from his right pinkie. Lol. Not really bothered by it but I noticed it as a continuity error.That's actually a continuity error in the books. It's said to be from Theon's left pinky, but in ADWD Theon has lost his right pinky (the one he has lost so far in the show) as well as his left index and ring finger; and that other thing.
3404	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	The fact that Cat only got one line this episode makes me want to set fire to something. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my hope for HBO's portrayal of Catelyn Stark was once. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3405	Groney	2013-05-06	oh geez I'm saying he wouldn't do it himself. Did he try to kill Bran himself? No he hired an assassin. Did he kill Ned? No he had Ser Ilyn do it. As a little boy he cut open a pregnant cat like it was nothing.Oh and did you forget, he did shoot crosbows at a bunch of peasants who were begging for bread.
3406	Birdsong65	2013-05-06	It's been since season 2 that I fear I have been waiting for the RW to put Catelyn out of my misery. She could have, should have, been so much more.That horse is done good and dead, despite the fact that I agree 100%.They should have at least one Catelyn/Edmure scene before the Red Wedding, to show why he's going to be upset by her murder; so far they're acting as if they barely know each other.Agreed. Edmure really has had a rough old time of it this season, would be nice if they explored a different aspect of his character instead of perpetually painting him as a disappointment to his family and Robb. Tobias Menzies has been greatly underused; a scene between Edmure and Catelyn would be much appreciated at this point.It would seem that the interpretation of TVEdmure is that of a glory seeking doofus given the treatment displayed on screen.  What makes it egregious is that the cannon relationship, IIRC, between Edmure and Catelyn is that he views her as a surrogate mother.  Last night we see Cat's single line (! fuck you very much), "You would have us all lose our freedom because you want to hand pick your pretty wife" which would have been rather awesome if anyone had bothered to play up the matriarchal position Cat holds with Edmure, not the least because this is now her second "son" who wants to choose based on love, that love predicated on sexual attraction and beauty.  Perhaps her level of anger was meant to suggest this, but as all Cat scenes governed by D&D, it was another epic fail.  Seems a shame because, with the benefit of reading, I understand that Cat truly loves Edmure, very much like a son, and treats him much better all around than has been depicted.  As has Bryden and Robb.At this point, Catelyn is so far beyond the reservation in depiction, I'm pissed off that they wouldn't just give her the Westerosi equivalent of, "What the fuck is wrong with all of you fucking limp dicks?  You can't figure out why we're losing?  Just, everyone fuck off, and leave me to my god damned grief, assholes.  Jesus, my kingdom for a penis so I can win this god damned thing already.You know, I didn't read the books until after season one.  Epic fail on my part, and I'll tell you why:  After I read them, I was so excited to see what was written on the screen.  And then TPTB adapted the books for television, and all the nuances I wanted to see are no longer adaptable to time constraints.  So, really, they are entirely two different animals, which ultimately leaves me with the feeling that had I not read the books, HBOGoT really wouldn't be something I would watch as it is presented in adaptational form.  It's rather geared towards a simpleton's mentality.  I don't mean to offend, but there is simply no other way to put it.  It could have been great, but instead, it's flavor of the month television.
3407	Minsc	2013-05-06	The fact that Cat only got one line this episode makes me want to set fire to something. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my hope for HBO's portrayal of Catelyn Stark was once.Is it wrong that I am now image the show writers visibly agreeing with Joffrey's statement of how intelligent women only do what they are told?
3408	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	You know, I didn't read the books until after season one.  Epic fail on my part, and I'll tell you why:  After I read them, I was so excited to see what was written on the screen.  And then TPTB adapted the books for television, and all the nuances I wanted to see are no longer adaptable to time constraints.  So, really, they are entirely two different animals, which ultimately leaves me with the feeling that had I not read the books, HBOGoT really wouldn't be something I would watch as it is presented in adaptational form.  It's rather geared towards a simpleton's mentality.  I don't mean to offend, but there is simply no other way to put it.  It could have been great, but instead, it's flavor of the month television.Yes, this is exactly my problem with the show post-season one. It could have been up there with the likes of Breaking Bad et al., but instead the show is starting to feel more like True Blood and The Tudors...
3409	mafalda	2013-05-06	As a little boy he cut open a pregnant cat like it was nothing.Oh and did you forget, he did shoot crosbows at a bunch of peasants who were begging for bread.I did not forget about the cat thing but I surely did forget about the peasants thing. All I think about is him screaming like a little bitch whenever Tyrion slaps him, and that huge bratty temper tantrum he threw at the river in S1 (the situation with Micah and Arya).
3410	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	That's actually a continuity error in the books. It's said to be from Theon's left pinky, but in ADWD Theon has lost his right pinky (the one he has lost so far in the show) as well as his left index and ring finger; and that other thing.Ah. Thanks.
3411	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	I thought that was the Gift...I thought it was too. A missed opportunity with Sam and Puddles the Other. That makes me a sad panda. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I thought he was lurking in the shadows of the trees ready to spring out! Alas...earwax.
3412	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	I thought it was too.A missed opportunity with Sam and Puddles the Other. That makes me a sad panda. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I thought he was lurking in the shadows of the trees ready to spring out! Alas...earwax. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> This expression...I must integrate it into my lexicon.
3413	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	"We are fighting for the North - Harrenhall isn't in the North."
Uh, what?? Is Robb no longer King of the Riverlands, or is he just being a stupid fuck? And why would Edmure and Brynden, who aren't Northmen, go along with that?
3414	Minsc	2013-05-06	"We are fighting for the North - Harrenhall isn't in the North."Uh, what?? Is Robb no longer King of the Riverlands, or is he just being a stupid fuck? And why would Edmure and Brynden, who aren't Northmen, go along with that?Because TV Robb is a total dick, who quite frankly deserves to be put over Catelyn's knee.
3415	Ran	2013-05-06	Huh. That's a good point. The whole reason Robb refuses to go North is that once he settles that, his men may not want to continue fighting in the south. But now Robb is defining the whole Casterly Rock exercise as a means of... fighting for the North, riverlands be damned?
Sloppy.
3416	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	Huh. That's a good point. The whole reason Robb refuses to go North is that once he settles that, his men may not want to continue fighting in the south. But now Robb is defining the whole Casterly Rock exercise as a means of... fighting for the North, riverlands be damned?Sloppy.I wonder if the actors ever notice these inconsistencies when they read the lines. If I was playing Robb I don't think I could hold my tongue - I would say something to the director about how it makes no sense. Not the actor's job, I know, but still
3417	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Huh. That's a good point. The whole reason Robb refuses to go North is that once he settles that, his men may not want to continue fighting in the south. But now Robb is defining the whole Casterly Rock exercise as a means of... fighting for the North, riverlands be damned?Sloppy.Well I guess his strategy is to take Casterly Rock to regain momentum in hopes that the Lannisters will meet his terms? I don't know. I didn't get that exchange at all. Does Robb mean they're not fighting for Harrenhall so sure, no problem, take it Walder Frey?
3418	Stormkith	2013-05-06	I'm personally getting tired already of the major and unnecessary changes from the book. Most of the changes don't add anything interesting to the story. This episode in particular seemed to wander so far from the original story that I was getting irritated by it. The writers' rampant need to remove characters from the story because they don't trust their viewers to be able to keep up is ridiculous as well. Unless there's a major shift back to the source material, I may stop watching. I give this particular episode a 4/10. In large part because it wasn't true to the original story, but also because it was boring as hell.
3419	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-06	Awful episode. First time I've ever found an episode disappointing. I don't understand why they keep going out of their way to change the canon and over simplify plots yet needlessly drag them out. Nearly everything in the episode was made up and very out of context. I've loved this season so far and I'm very easy to please but this episode was just painful to watch.
The RW is what this season is ultimately building up to but unless we get more emotionally involved with these characters it will lack the impact that Ned's death in season 1 had. The same is going to happen next season when the wildlings forces are smashed at the wall. In ASOS Jon had a huge struggle with his emotions betraying the wildlings when he got to know them and see how just their cause was. So far they are just an invading army that we have no reason to care for.
					
					
							Edited by aFeastForDragons, 06 May 2013 - 07:27 PM.
3420	Newstar	2013-05-06	Maybe just a little thing, but Tyrion's "I need to speak with you, Lady Sansa" sounded weird to me. Shouldn't he have said "my lady"?
3421	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-06	Okay, I hate nitpicking threads. Hate them. I always think, why cant people just be freaking happy?
This episode has turned me to the darkside.
This episode, all I could think of, was why why why why the fuck is this show making me dislike the Blackfish?
I love him in the books, but in the show, he's just a prick.
He belittles Edmure in their first scene in the show, I realise he's emotional because Hoster is his brother, but he was Edmure's father, and Edmure is, you know, his nephew and all.
And now we have this weeks scene, where for some reason, Brynden Tully is acting like its Edmure's fault Robb broke his vows, like its perfectly reasonable that because Edmure screwed up a chance of killing Gregor Clegane, a landed fucking Knight, not even a Lord, its acceptable to cajole him into being stuck with one of Walder Frey's daughters.
People keep saying the Blackfish is badass, usually citing his punching of Karstark as an example. Karstark was chained. Samwell Tarly could have punched him and had no repercussions.
The show has made the Blackfish a douche.
End Rant.
					
					
							Edited by Young Fish, 06 May 2013 - 07:33 PM.
3422	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	This episode, all I could think of, was why why why why the fuck is this show making me dislike the Blackfish?I love him in the books, but in the show, he's just a prick.He belittles Edmure in their first scene in the show, I realise he's emotional because Hoster is his brother, but he was Edmure's father, and Edmure is, you know, his nephew and all.And now we have this weeks scene, where for some reason, Brynden Tully is acting like its Edmure's fault Robb broke his vows, like its perfectly reasonable that because Edmure screwed up a chance of killing Gregor Clegane, a landed fucking Knight, not even a Lord, its acceptable to cajole him into being stuck with one of Walder Frey's daughters.People keep saying the Blackfish is badass, usually citing his punching of Karstark as an example. Karstark was chained. Samwell Tarly could have punched him and had no repercussions.The show has made the Blackfish a douche.End Rant.You know, I came immensely close to typing out the same thing in this thread but I'm still holding out hope on Edmure and Brynden being painted in a better light.But seriously, telling Edmure -- the Lord of Riverrun now, lest we forget -- that he will strike him for not going along with Robb's desperate cleanup plans? Pfft.
3423	Reposado	2013-05-06	usually i nit pick with the best of them. usually there is much to pick at besides book deviations.
seems this week all the complaints are that things, big and small, are different.
guess as an episode of television, we finally had an episode that was too good to find genuine complaint with
3424	Minsc	2013-05-06	Okay, I hate nitpicking threads. Hate them. I always think, why cant people just be freaking happy?This episode has turned me to the darkside.This episode, all I could think of, was why why why why the fuck is this show making me dislike the Blackfish?I love him in the books, but in the show, he's just a prick.He belittles Edmure in their first scene in the show, I realise he's emotional because Hoster is his brother, but he was Edmure's father, and Edmure is, you know, his nephew and all.And now we have this weeks scene, where for some reason, Brynden Tully is acting like its Edmure's fault Robb broke his vows, like its perfectly reasonable that because Edmure screwed up a chance of killing Gregor Clegane, a landed fucking Knight, not even a Lord, its acceptable to cajole him into being stuck with one of Walder Frey's daughters.People keep saying the Blackfish is badass, usually citing his punching of Karstark as an example. Karstark was chained. Samwell Tarly could have punched him and had no repercussions.The show has made the Blackfish a douche.End Rant.^ThisBasically, what I have grown to dislike about the series as they have unnecessarily made good characters into asses, while whitewashing some of the darker and greyer characters.
3425	wolverine	2013-05-06	I kind of also think the Blackfish has seemed like a prick on the show, but was he really not a prick in the book?
3426	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-06	You know, I came immensely close to typing out the same thing in this thread but I'm still holding out hope on Edmure and Brynden being painted in a better light.But seriously, telling Edmure -- the Lord of Riverrun now, lest we forget -- that he will strike him for not going along with Robb's desperate cleanup plans? Pfft.Exactly, they need to repair the relationship between the two quickly, because what will happen when Jaime comes to finish the Siege of Riverrun?In the books he sends Edmure in who commands the Blackfish to lift the siege.The show Blackfish would probably tell Edmure to get fucked, and go stick his head back in Ryman Frey's noose.And what I dont get is, the Blackfish was in Riverrun during the Battle of the Stone Mill in the show. If he's such a fucking badass genius, why didnt he stop Edmure from screwing up? Why didnt his fist compel Edmure's teeth to not go to the damn mill if it was obviously such a bad idea?
3427	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-06	I kind of also think the Blackfish has seemed like a prick on the show, but was he really not a prick in the book?He was a bit of a prick in the one chapter in the books, but you could tell he loved his family I thought. And he didnt threaten Edmure with violence in the books to compel him to marry. He said something like "far be it from me to tell any man when he should wed".A big difference to "my fist is about to compel your teeth/face/whatever"
3428	wolverine	2013-05-06	He was a bit of a prick in the one chapter in the books, but you could tell he loved his family I thought. And he didnt threaten Edmure with violence in the books to compel him to marry. He said something like "far be it from me to tell any man when he should wed".A big difference to "my fist is about to compel your teeth/face/whatever"That is true.  But he was still fairly arrogant IMO and what were the irreconcilable differences between him and Hoster?
3429	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-06	That is true.  But he was still fairly arrogant IMO and what were the irreconcilable differences between him and Hoster?Hoster organised a marriage for him, I think maybe a redwyne, and brynden bailed on it. Went to be knight of the gate in the vale instead.
3430	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-06	That is true.  But he was still fairly arrogant IMO and what were the irreconcilable differences between him and Hoster?Hoster organised a marriage for him, I think maybe a redwyne, and brynden bailed on it. Went to be knight of the gate in the vale instead.Edit: double post, kooked it
					
					
							Edited by Young Fish, 06 May 2013 - 08:05 PM.
3431	Hound's She-wolf	2013-05-06	Why wasn't Sansa or Shae upset that Tyrion just barges into Sansa's room when she's half dressed? And then Sansa apologizes for Shae, maybe Tyrion should've apologized for not waiting until he was invited in.
3432	Leto Atreides	2013-05-06	- We don't even know what George R.R. Martin has in mind for Gendry. Now the shows has taken a major departure from the source material. Will Martin change Gendry's story in his future books to fit what happens on the show?-
3433	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Has it explicitly been stated that TV Robb is King of the Riverlands as well?
3434	Hound's She-wolf	2013-05-06	- We don't even know what George R.R. Martin has in mind for Gendry. Now the shows has taken a major departure from the source material. Will Martin change Gendry's story in his future books to fit what happens on the show?-Supposedly he already has everything all planned out, and I really doubt he would do or change anything to fit the show.
3435	Young Nan	2013-05-06	Yes, this is exactly my problem with the show post-season one. It could have been up there with the likes of Breaking Bad et al., but instead the show is starting to feel more like True Blood and The Tudors...true blood- perfect example of a show where the director took way too many liberties with the source material, and turned it into not just a different animal, but a crappy, different animal.  not that charlaine harris is a phenomenal writer or anything, but the books were entertaining enough,  the show just got absurd after the first two seasons.   I feel, sadly, like thats the direction GoT is heading.   next episode = stannis visits the faery night club.    I feel like right now the show is unrecognizable from the brilliant masterpiece that was season one.     Not to be a purist, but when you have awesome source material....use it!
					
					
							Edited by Young Nan, 06 May 2013 - 08:52 PM.
3436	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Saying it's unrecognizable from the books is horribly dramatic hyperbole that shows you have a difficult time controlling your emotions.
In reality some characters are worse than they are in the books, some characters are better, several minor events have changed, but the major storyline is basically the same.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 08:56 PM.
3437	Hound's She-wolf	2013-05-06	true blood- perfect example of a show where the director took way too many liberties with the source material, and turned it into not just a different animal, but a crappy, different animal.  not that charlaine harris is a phenomenal writer or anything, but the books were entertaining enough, but the show got absurd after the first two seasons.   I feel, sadly, like thats the direction GoT is heading.   next episode = stannis visits the faery night club.But no matter how crappy the recent True Blood shows have been- they still have Alcide, Eric *sigh* and Russell. And I would love to see Stannis and Pam square off. In a faery night club. Or Mel vs Pam.TBH, if D&D are going to go the way of True Blood, I would rather they just go big and make some major changes soon instead of just doing these little, annoying changes that drive me nuts and make no sense, that way i could convince myself that the show doesn't represent what may go on in the books in the future.
3438	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-06	The Blackfish always seemed arrogant and badass to me but never a jerk and certainly never to his own faimly.....
They've ruined the character in the tv series. His attitude toward Edmure was an absolute joke this last episode. He never once acted that way in the book towards a family member.  The most he could do was express disappointment like he did with Lysa and Edmure.
What did you guys think of the Kingsguardr "threat" from Tywin to the Queen of Thorns? That whole scene was just so stupid IMO. Even though I love both actors the whole premise was just dumb. In the books the Kingsguard is the best appointment a knight can earn and lots of people want to there....yet for some reason we're supposed to believe that Loras would rather wed Cersei? Or that the Queen of Thorns would rather Loras marry Cersei rather than stay in Kings Landing and protect Margaery?
3439	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	The Blackfish always seemed arrogant and badass to me but never a jerk and certainly never to his own faimly.....They've ruined the character in the tv series. His attitude toward Edmure was an absolute joke this last episode. He never once acted that way in the book towards a family member.  The most he could do was express disappointment like he did with Lysa and Edmure.What did you guys think of the Kingsguardr "threat" from Tywin to the Queen of Thorns? That whole scene was just so stupid IMO. Even though I love both actors the whole premise was just dumb. In the books the Kingsguard is the best appointment a knight can earn and lots of people want to there....yet for some reason we're supposed to believe that Loras would rather wed Cersei? Or that the Queen of Thorns would rather Loras marry Cersei rather than stay in Kings Landing and protect Margaery?Loras the heir to Highgarden and the only Tyrell on the show. So joining the KG would be terrible. In the books Garlan is heir and so the Tyrell like isn't dependent entirely on Loras. Which admittedly was a bad change.
3440	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-06	Loras the heir to Highgarden and the only Tyrell on the show. So joining the KG would be terrible. In the books Garlan is heir and so the Tyrell like isn't dependent entirely on Loras. Which admittedly was a bad change.The show was implying with that scene that Loras would have no choice....that the Tyrells would have no choice if Tywin/Joffrey named him to the Kingsguard. IIRC in the novels, a person can refuse to be a member of the Kingsguard.Either way I just found it pretty stupid as far as logic and threats go.
3441	ambi76	2013-05-06	The more I think about it the more puzzled I get because I can barely think of a way that house Tyrell (at least the name) is not definitely going extinct now as of show canon (could happen in the books too sure, but a bit early to spoil that in season 3/4 and it's pretty much the exact opposite of Growing Strong).Only solutions I see:Loras never joins the kingsguard. (?)They invent a younger brother for Mace later, except then Marg needs to stay childless forever which is totally incompatible with wanting to be "the queen". (???)
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 06 May 2013 - 09:52 PM.
3442	SerMixalot	2013-05-06	I somewhat agree seeing how Myrcella and Tommen had the same terrible "father" and mother but they are both sweat and innocent children.I always thought the implication is that Cersei took a far more proactive approach with Joffrey (as the crowned prince) turning him into the monster he became.
3443	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	So a nitpick /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thoros: "I drank too much rum"  There is no such thing in the books, and there wasn't in Europe in the Middle Ages.What's that got to do with anything?Sorry not supposed to criticise nitpicks in this thread, but you really can't nitpick about what was and wasn't a thing in Medieval Europe; there wasn't a giant magic manmade wall of ice in Medieval Europe either.My only head shaking moment was Ygritte outing Jon as still being a Crow. The rest was, meh OK just make it work for the show.Theon torture is being overplayed and is a time waster. But that's not really a "it wasn't in the book" nitpick. I was happy to see a bit of Theon torture because in TV land Theon needs a bit of screen time. But he's got way more than he needs already, and he's getting more next week.
3444	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	It's not like the Tyrells are expecting any progeny out of Loras any way. Which of course makes the KG threat pretty empty. Unless Olenna, despite her apparently enlightened views, still thinks Loras is merely going through a "phase". Or she thinks that while Loras is gay he'd nevertheless do what's right and marry and have children. Actually being gay has distinct advantages for marriages of convenience, and there's no chance of Loras doing something stupid like marrying a no-name field nurse from Volantis because of lurv.
3445	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	The more I think about it the more puzzled I get because I can barely think of a way that house Tyrell (at least the name) is not definitely going extinct now as of show canon (could happen in the books too sure, but a bit early to spoil that in season 3/4 and it's pretty much the exact opposite of Growing Strong).Only solutions I see:Loras never joins the kingsguard. (?)They invent a younger brother for Mace later, except then Marg needs to stay childless forever which is totally incompatible with wanting to be "the queen". (???)Agreed. They seem to have painted themselves into a corner with Loras being the only son and heir of House Tyrell
3446	The Bear	2013-05-06	I'm getting a bit tired of the constant flanderisation of characters.
In the novels, Blackfish is a stern badass, therefore in the series he's a grumpy bastard who threatens his own kids
In the novels, Edmure isn't as competent as those around him, therefore in the series he's a bumbling moron
In the novels, Loras happens to be a gay man, therefore in the series he is a gay stereotype.
I was slightly annoyed by the 'gay men jump into bed right away' trope with Loras and Oliver last week, but this week was full of further gay stereotypes that made me realise that yes, they're going to go there. The wedding, knowing about dresses and fabric, all that sort of thing.
GRRM might bury his gays (much like he buries his heteros) but at least his gay characters are subtle and not stereotypical.
3447	teemo	2013-05-06	The conversation between Tywin and Olenna was awful.  Olenna snapping the quill was too much, her talking of "sword swallowing" and hinting that Tywin may have done so in the past felt like a really modern conversation and totally inappropriate.  Not a good scene at all.
3448	The Bear	2013-05-06	The conversation between Tywin and Olenna was awful.  Olenna snapping the quill was too much, her talking of "sword swallowing" and hinting that Tywin may have done so in the past felt like a really modern conversation and totally inappropriate.  Not a good scene at all.I totally agree with you. The quill snapping seemed to exist to give them trailer footage, and her open admission of Loras's homosexuality seemed out of character. I could see her defending him to Tywin (because she seems protective of her family and of course isn't afraid to speak up) by saying what she did about fooling around as a young man surrounded by boys, but not the sword swallowing and buggery. Then again, they reduced Loras to a walking Will & Grace stereotype so why shouldn't they give her the same treatment? Ugh.
3449	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	If the show resorts to Loras being Joffrey and Margaery's wedding planner, I'm out.
3450	congokong	2013-05-07	Saying it's unrecognizable from the books is horribly dramatic hyperbole that shows you have a difficult time controlling your emotions.In reality some characters are worse than they are in the books, some characters are better, several minor events have changed, but the major storyline is basically the same.It's recognizable, but not very similar. Season 1 felt like the books on TV, season 2 felt only loosely based, and season 3 is almost fanfiction. I guess GRRM is ok with it as long as he's paid.They may be leading to the same conclusions on the show as the books, but D+D have taken the liberty of making up completely different reasons to get there. I wonder if the anti-purists are still using the budget excuse anymore?
3451	congokong	2013-05-07	The Blackfish always seemed arrogant and badass to me but never a jerk and certainly never to his own faimly.....They've ruined the character in the tv series. His attitude toward Edmure was an absolute joke this last episode. He never once acted that way in the book towards a family member.  The most he could do was express disappointment like he did with Lysa and Edmure.What did you guys think of the Kingsguardr "threat" from Tywin to the Queen of Thorns? That whole scene was just so stupid IMO. Even though I love both actors the whole premise was just dumb. In the books the Kingsguard is the best appointment a knight can earn and lots of people want to there....yet for some reason we're supposed to believe that Loras would rather wed Cersei? Or that the Queen of Thorns would rather Loras marry Cersei rather than stay in Kings Landing and protect Margaery?Agreed. To me the political maneuverings GRRM makes in these books are very delicate, and quite frankly I don't think D+D are capable of truly understanding Westeros' politics the way the creator does. Therefore, they should not be playing at "God of Westeros" the way they are (such as the scene you mentioned). Just put the damn books onto the screen and stop tinkering with them because you two are on an ego-trip!
3452	teemo	2013-05-07	It's recognizable, but not very similar. Season 1 felt like the books on TV, season 2 felt only loosely based, and season 3 is almost fanfiction. I guess GRRM is ok with it as long as he's paid.They may be leading to the same conclusions on the show as the books, but D+D have taken the liberty of making up completely different reasons to get there. I wonder if the anti-purists are still using the budget excuse anymore?I don't think its hyperbole to say it's almost unrecognizable, or at least heading in that direction.  If you just take a look at Ran's book-to-screen analysis for episodes, each episode has more and more made-up scenes as time goes by.  It's at the point where the vast majority of scenes are invented or heavily modified/"based loosely on."  In this episode there are four scenes based on the books (Sam, Jon, Cat, and Brienne), and even most of those are big deviations, such as the cliche romance scene on top of the Wall instead of talking about the Horn and the Blackfish being a thug.   Then there are nine totally invented scenes - Ygritte being cool with Jon being a crow still, the whitewashing of Tyrion as he breaks the news to Sansa (which we cheaply don't even get to see), Meera and Osha fighting, Theon being flayed and not being able to guess his captor's identity, Olenna talking about swallowing swords and snapping quills in front of Tywin, the cliche Loras scene with Sansa, Cersei and Tyrion acting like BFF and more Cersei whitewashing, and shocker - Varys and Littlefinger talking a lot about their plans and a dead Ros.  I wouldn't say it's totally unrecognizable, obviously, but it's on its way.
3453	congokong	2013-05-07	I don't think its hyperbole to say it's almost unrecognizable, or at least heading in that direction.  If you just take a look at Ran's book-to-screen analysis for episodes, each episode has more and more made-up scenes as time goes by.  It's at the point where the vast majority of scenes are invented or heavily modified/"based loosely on."  In this episode there are four scenes based on the books (Sam, Jon, Cat, and Brienne), and even most of those are big deviations, such as the cliche romance scene on top of the Wall instead of talking about the Horn and the Blackfish being a thug.  Then there are nine totally invented scenes - Ygritte being cool with Jon being a crow still, the whitewashing of Tyrion as he breaks the news to Sansa (which we cheaply don't even get to see), Meera and Osha fighting, Theon being flayed and not being able to guess his captor's identity, Olenna talking about swallowing swords and snapping quills in front of Tywin, the cliche Loras scene with Sansa, Cersei and Tyrion acting like BFF and more Cersei whitewashing, and shocker - Varys and Littlefinger talking a lot about their plans and a dead Ros.  I wouldn't say it's totally unrecognizable, obviously, but it's on its way.You are so right about how few scenes were in the books. I was keeping count as well, and there weren't many. You got the full count which really puts it into perspective. Even though there were four scenes that exist in the books in some form, they are almost not fair to count at this point. So yeah, I agree with you.
3454	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	Nitpick!: When Jaime is cutting the meat in the close-up camera, he is using the fork. When the camera changes he is using a knife!
3455	The Bear	2013-05-07	Nitpick!: When Jaime is cutting the meat in the close-up camera, he is using the fork. When the camera changes he is using a knife!I noticed that too but assumed he'd just changed the untensil since the fork wasn't working out. I think it was more likely a continuity error now that you mention it.
3456	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-07	The best thing about this episode was, considering it's GRRM's episode next week, next week is going to be all the more epic relative to this week's let down.
					
					
							Edited by Young Fish, 07 May 2013 - 01:36 AM.
3457	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-07	But....but....Theon WAS flayed in the books. It's just a re-imagination of an off-screen event that actually took place in the books.
3458	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	I did not like the kiss scene in the end. The kiss itself did not bother me, I understand that they try to add a little romance to the story. But the way it was done was too cheesy and screamed Hollywood movie to me.
3459	hollowcrown	2013-05-07	I don't like the setup for the Red Wedding.
So Cat, Robb, Edmure and Roose go to the Twins?
Where is the Greatjon? Where is Raynald Westerling? Where is Greywind? Where are all of Robb's interesting bannermen that died and made the wedding so much more tragic than simply Cat and Robb dying?
3460	hollowcrown	2013-05-07	Also the kiss scene. In the book there was a much more ominious tone when they climbed the wall, Ygritte was crying and revealed to Jon that the Wildlings had awakened the White Walkers from their slumber.
Since loads of people want to find out more about the White Walkers I can't believe they took this out for a crappy hollywood kiss scene.
3461	The Bear	2013-05-07	I don't like the setup for the Red Wedding.So Cat, Robb, Edmure and Roose go to the Twins?Where is the Greatjon? Where is Raynald Westerling? Where is Greywind? Where are all of Robb's interesting bannermen that died and made the wedding so much more tragic than simply Cat and Robb dying?I'll add: Where is Dacey Mormont? She was my favourite of the characters slain at the RW.. I think they pretty much merged Greatjon with Blackfish, which sucks because he was definitely one of the more interesting characters in that party.
3462	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-07	Awful episode. First time I've ever found an episode disappointing. I don't understand why they keep going out of their way to change the canon and over simplify plots yet needlessly drag them out. Nearly everything in the episode was made up and very out of context. I've loved this season so far and I'm very easy to please but this episode was just painful to watch.The RW is what this season is ultimately building up to but unless we get more emotionally involved with these characters it will lack the impact that Ned's death in season 1 had. The same is going to happen next season when the wildlings forces are smashed at the wall. In ASOS Jon had a huge struggle with his emotions betraying the wildlings when he got to know them and see how just their cause was. So far they are just an invading army that we have no reason to care for.Mance Rayder was a fairly interesting character in the books; we saw him as a leader, a bard, a husband and father-to-be.  In the TV series, he was just another older guy in furs who tells Jon Snow that he's a stupid rookie kid...Waste of Ciaran Hinds.  And other than Ygritte, is there anyone we, or Jon, should care about among the Wildlings?  Right now, I'm more interested in Sam and Gilly and Baby in the woods.Why should the TV watchers care about the RW?  In this season, Robb is apparently just sitting around moaning about defecting Karstarks.  Cat is reduced to being part of the furniture.  The Blackfish is proving his badassery by constantly threatening to slap his liege-lord and nephew upside the head (sheesh, it's not as if Edmure is Joffrey).  Sigh.  I know that Edmure is not the greatest tactician, but I feel sorry for him and kinda want to see him give Uncle Brynden a time out in the dungeons of Riverrun...And then there's poor Sansa, one of my favorite characters in the book, who has suddenly forgotten her constant chirping about her "traitor" family last season and thinks maybe it would be kewl to invite them to her wedding in King's Landing.  (which would have worked, if the writers had written the line so that Sansa had whined about wishing she could invite them to her wedding, how she'd always hoped that her parents would be at her wedding and now she can't even have her big brother to give her away)  And Tyrion is suddenly kind enough to tell Sansa about who she's really going to marry a few days or weeks before the ceremony rather than Cersei happily breaking Sansa's heart five minutes before the young bride is supposed to get ready.I'm still wrapping my head around Gendry being dragged off as Melisandre's chosen king's blood sacrifice rather than Edric Storm.   The situation is far more dramatic with Stannis actually considering the option of burning alive a young boy who is his brother's acknowledged son by a noblewoman, a boy who Stannis knows and wards, a boy who is the friend of Stannis' daughter and takes lessons with her; than it will be with Stannis being offered some surly blacksmith he's never seen before in his life.  The show is going farther and farther from the books.  I'm wondering how much farther the tapestry threads will unspool before it becomes unrecognizable.And what's happened to Ghost and Greywind?  Are they even alive?   Robb and Jon don't seem to notice, or care; about these animals that were a part of them in the books.
3463	Cadiva	2013-05-07	I also heard "French sleeves" but knew it couldn't be that.  Just curious if it's a North American thing?  Did watchers from the U.K. hear it correctly right away?Yes, I'm from the UK and I heard him say Fringed Sleeves not French sleeves. The first time someone mentioned French sleeves in the EP discussion thread I wondered what the hell they were talking about.I'm starting to seriously dislike the Blackfish. He seems like a bully. Yes, we get that Edmure is not the sharpest knife in the box, but there's no need belittle and pick on him all the time. Honestly, the Blackfish is almost worse than Tywin.This is my nitpick as well. Book Blackfish is an awesome character, strong, loyal to his family but not willing to compromise his own honour and TV Blackfish is just a nasty thuggish bully (so far) when dealing with Edmure. I liked his scenes with Cat when they introduced him but from the moment he pushed Edmure out of the way and fired the arrow himself at Hoster's funeral I've thought the show has his character totally wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 07 May 2013 - 05:27 AM.
3464	Arkash	2013-05-07	Wow to people saying "this isnt the story we know, too much changes !"
Actually, the fidelity of the show is stunning ! And in the end everythings fits in the story...
Edmure will marry a Frey. Tyrion will marry Sansa. Loras might be apointed Kingsguard. The Wall is climbed. Littlefinger will draw bridges with Lysa Arryn. Theon is getting tortured. Roose plays the long game. Arya will leave the Brotherhood soon. Melissandre has a hold on one of Robert's bastards.... so no nitpick for me.
Except : the Blackfish... I really like Edmure and wow, the Blackfish really seems to hate him while even if he teases him in the book, well, Tully are still "FAMILY, duty, honor."
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 07 May 2013 - 05:55 AM.
3465	RedBean	2013-05-07	Mance Rayder was a fairly interesting character in the books; we saw him as a leader, a bard, a husband and father-to-be.  In the TV series, he was just another older guy in furs who tells Jon Snow that he's a stupid rookie kid...Waste of Ciaran Hinds.  And other than Ygritte, is there anyone we, or Jon, should care about among the Wildlings?  Right now, I'm more interested in Sam and Gilly and Baby in the woods.Why should the TV watchers care about the RW?  In this season, Robb is apparently just sitting around moaning about defecting Karstarks.  Cat is reduced to being part of the furniture.  The Blackfish is proving his badassery by constantly threatening to slap his liege-lord and nephew upside the head (sheesh, it's not as if Edmure is Joffrey).  Sigh.  I know that Edmure is not the greatest tactician, but I feel sorry for him and kinda want to see him give Uncle Brynden a time out in the dungeons of Riverrun...And then there's poor Sansa, one of my favorite characters in the book, who has suddenly forgotten her constant chirping about her "traitor" family last season and thinks maybe it would be kewl to invite them to her wedding in King's Landing.  (which would have worked, if the writers had written the line so that Sansa had whined about wishing she could invite them to her wedding, how she'd always hoped that her parents would be at her wedding and now she can't even have her big brother to give her away)  And Tyrion is suddenly kind enough to tell Sansa about who she's really going to marry a few days or weeks before the ceremony rather than Cersei happily breaking Sansa's heart five minutes before the young bride is supposed to get ready.I'm still wrapping my head around Gendry being dragged off as Melisandre's chosen king's blood sacrifice rather than Edric Storm.   The situation is far more dramatic with Stannis actually considering the option of burning alive a young boy who is his brother's acknowledged son by a noblewoman, a boy who Stannis knows and wards, a boy who is the friend of Stannis' daughter and takes lessons with her; than it will be with Stannis being offered some surly blacksmith he's never seen before in his life.  The show is going farther and farther from the books.  I'm wondering how much farther the tapestry threads will unspool before it becomes unrecognizable.And what's happened to Ghost and Greywind?  Are they even alive?   Robb and Jon don't seem to notice, or care; about these animals that were a part of them in the books.This sums up most of my concerns. The scene with Mel and Gendry was especially annoying, because the only reason they did that was for shock effect, really. Even the scene later on with Mel and Arya seemed less like foreshadowing and more like over the top anvil-thrown-on-the-head type 'hints'.Osha and Meera fighting also got on my nerves. What was the point of it? To make Bran's storyline more interesting? (It didn't work.) Or was it just to show that anytime two strong females need to work together, they immediately start fighting? They could have just shown a friendly-banter-with-a-few-sharp-jabs type of conversation between the two. No need to blow it up into an unnecessary fight.The last two episodes both had their moments. This one was one of the worst of the series. The only parts I really liked were the scenes with Tywin/Olenna, Loras/Sansa, and Jon/Ygritte scenes, but the first one I only liked for the banter, and the last two were mostly just fluffy entertainment.
3466	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	I have a question. How the hell does Jojen know who Jon Snow is and what he looks like?
3467	David Selig	2013-05-07	I have a question. How the hell does Jojen know who Jon Snow is and what he looks like? Magic, duh...
3468	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	Magic, duh...Oh duh! of course! *facepalm* thanks, I feel so stupid now...
3469	'96Buck	2013-05-07	So a nitpick /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thoros: "I drank too much rum"  There is no such thing in the books, and there wasn't in Europe in the Middle Ages.There is rum on Sam's Summer Islander ship to the Citadel, no?  And so it could easily be traded into King's Landing.  Also, I don't believe middle ages Europe had direwolves or mammoths or Dornish peppers, so IDK what that does for you. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3470	gash	2013-05-07	so are people's only complaints that the show is diverging from the books?
we always knew this would be the case. and there's been no massive changes either imo.
3471	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	so are people's only complaints that the show is diverging from the books?we always knew this would be the case. and there's been no massive changes either imo.Most people's complaints are when the divergences from the books are stupid and introduce illogical plot holes...like having Loras be the only Tyrell son.  Since the marriage never takes place it would have introduced less plot holes to just have the heir to Highgarden be a non character...that they plan to have Sansa marry...Now, when Loras joins the Kingsguard, it will be as Tywin said, House Highgarden will go extinct, and that is stupid and nothing the Queen of Thorns would ever allow to happen, so stupid plot hole and illogical and not in keeping with the characters.  I guess they can have Loras not join the KG, but then that would make Tywin's threat empty, again, plot hole not in keeping with characters.  Even having him be in Renly's KG is now a huge plot hole in hindsight.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 07 May 2013 - 09:02 AM.
3472	paddington	2013-05-07	It's more that some of what is left out from the books is great.  Tower of Joy I thought was a really great scene in the book. Which hasn't appeared in the show as of yet irrc.  An some of what is included is ethier not so great, or a maybe a big spoiler for the rest of the books.
3473	gash	2013-05-07	Most people's complaints are when the divergences from the books are stupid and introduce illogical plot holes...like having Loras be the only Tyrell son.  Since the marriage never takes place it would have introduced less plot holes to just have the heir to Highgarden be a non character...that they plan to have Sansa marry...Now, when Loras joins the Kingsguard, it will be as Tywin said, House Highgarden will go extinct, and that is stupid and nothing the Queen of Thorns would ever allow to happen, so stupid plot hole and illogical and not in keeping with the characters.  I guess they can have Loras not join the KG, but then that would make Tywin's threat empty, again, plot hole not in keeping with characters.  Even having him be in Renly's KG is now a huge plot hole in hindsight.its not a plot hole at all. and again, you're complaint is only in relation to the books. this is my point.
3474	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	its not a plot hole at all. and again, you're complaint is only in relation to the books. this is my point.Yes it is, because what is the point of all the Tyrell plotting if their name is going extinct after the present generation?  It's a huge plot hole because it shows an absolute lack of any logic behind the Tyrells various machinations.
3475	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-07	The fact that Cat only got one line this episode makes me want to set fire to something. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my hope for HBO's portrayal of Catelyn Stark was once.Yes, this line! Catelyn has some of the most beautiful emotional thoughts that have been swept under the rug.  And how about the line that she feels like her heart is turning to stone?  That would be a great way to foreshadow Lady Stoneheart.I'm getting a bit tired of the constant flanderisation of characters.In the novels, Blackfish is a stern badass, therefore in the series he's a grumpy bastard who threatens his own kidsIn the novels, Edmure isn't as competent as those around him, therefore in the series he's a bumbling moronIn the novels, Loras happens to be a gay man, therefore in the series he is a gay stereotype.I was slightly annoyed by the 'gay men jump into bed right away' trope with Loras and Oliver last week, but this week was full of further gay stereotypes that made me realise that yes, they're going to go there. The wedding, knowing about dresses and fabric, all that sort of thing.GRRM might bury his gays (much like he buries his heteros) but at least his gay characters are subtle and not stereotypical.You forgot to include how they are reducing the "tomboy" or tough females to the stereotype of only wanting to be like men and reject any feminine aspects they possess, whereas in the books they are much more well rounded.Osha and Meera fighting also got on my nerves. What was the point of it? To make Bran's storyline more interesting? (It didn't work.) Or was it just to show that anytime two strong females need to work together, they immediately start fighting? They could have just shown a friendly-banter-with-a-few-sharp-jabs type of conversation between the two. No need to blow it up into an unnecessary fight.Yes of course that was the point of it ;-)  (see my comment above about the "tough tomboy" trope).For those of you who were commenting about Baelish's accent/speech and the inconsistency with pronouncing Tyrell, you might get a kick out of this article.
3476	ambi76	2013-05-07	its not a plot hole at all. and again, you're complaint is only in relation to the books. this is my point.How is it not a plot hole? And how is this not a show continuity problem? Show your cards.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 09:40 AM.
3477	gash	2013-05-07	Yes it is, because what is the point of all the Tyrell plotting if their name is going extinct after the present generation?  It's a huge plot hole because it shows an absolute lack of any logic behind the Tyrells various machinations.they're plotting to make sure the name doesn't get extinct - by having him marry sansa.maybe loras won't join the king's guard? we'll have to wait and find out.
3478	DorneToTheWall	2013-05-07	Also the kiss scene. In the book there was a much more ominious tone when they climbed the wall, Ygritte was crying and revealed to Jon that the Wildlings had awakened the White Walkers from their slumber.Since loads of people want to find out more about the White Walkers I can't believe they took this out for a crappy hollywood kiss scene.I thought she said that they loosed all those shades upon the world while searchin for the horn of J.  Makes sense that they are trying to escape the others and loose the shades in the process.
3479	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	they're plotting to make sure the name doesn't get extinct - by having him marry sansa.maybe loras won't join the king's guard? we'll have to wait and find out.They already let him join Renly's KG...so, logic fail...when it would have been REALLY EASY to just make the heir to Highgarden off screen, who cares since the marriage never happens....and then no massive lack of logic to deal with because the Tyrells would never have let their ONLY SON abandon his lands and take a vow to never have children.In the same way turning the Blackfish into a rude bruiser is an unnecessary cartooning up of a character, it adds nothing and is not necessary. Or how there weren't any soldiers held prisoner at Harenhall in Season 2, and then, in Season 3, there were.  Stupid logic fail and plot hole.  The Lannisters held Harenhall all that time and no soldiers taken prisoner while Arya was there....but then off screen, that all changes?  Okey dokey.
3480	gash	2013-05-07	They already let him join Renly's KG...so, logic fail...when it would have been REALLY EASY to just make the heir to Highgarden off screen, who cares since the marriage never happens....and then no massive lack of logic to deal with because the Tyrells would never have let their ONLY SON abandon his lands and take a vow to never have children.In the same way turning the Blackfish into a rude bruiser is an unnecessary cartooning up of a character, it adds nothing and is not necessary.Or how there weren't any soldiers held prisoner at Harenhall in Season 2, and then, in Season 3, there were.  Stupid logic fail and plot hole.  The Lannisters held Harenhall all that time and no soldiers taken prisoner while Arya was there....but then off screen, that all changes?  Okey dokey.did they?
3481	Xall	2013-05-07	Now, when Loras joins the Kingsguard, it will be as Tywin said, House Highgarden will go extinct, and that is stupid and nothing the Queen of Thorns would ever allow to happen, so stupid plot hole and illogical and not in keeping with the characters.  I guess they can have Loras not join the KG, but then that would make Tywin's threat empty, again, plot hole not in keeping with characters.  Even having him be in Renly's KG is now a huge plot hole in hindsight.I guess the plot hole arises from the continuity issue. It's illogical (and I'm going to keep this within show context) that QoT is seen as defeated by having Loras become (against both their wills, supposedly) a celibate, whilst totally ignoring that this was the exact same case with Renly's Rainbow Guard. Only that then, nobody cared, nobody pointed it out, but the end result would have been the same. Loras would have never married and all of Margaery's children would have been of Baratheon, per Renly, thus indeed rendering the Tyrells extinct within a generation.And if this continuity does not imply a gaping plot hole, then I don't know what does, given that it is exactly equivalent to events in The Climb, but something nobody seemed to mind at the time.
3482	ambi76	2013-05-07	did they?Yes. Margaery to Creepyfinger in Season 2 re Loras/Renly: "A kingsguard's place is at his king's side".
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 10:15 AM.
3483	Xall	2013-05-07	did they?I don't think it is a matter of consequence since the end result is the same. And given how the QoT is the Tywin of her house, I say it shouldn't have been in the show in the first place.
3484	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	did they?Yes.  They did.  There is no show evidence that anyone in House Tyrell disapproved of Loras joining Renly's KG, indeed, the evidence is the opposite, that it was approved of and endorsed, his sister voices no disapproval, the QOT references no disapproval of that action, so why should she now care that Loras will be in Joff's KG?  Plot hole, logic fail, within the context of the show as a stand alone and in terms of the overall arc of the books.  Indeed, Tywin's threat is stupid in context of the show because Loras was ALREADY IN RENLYS KG.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 07 May 2013 - 10:17 AM.
3485	Young Nan	2013-05-07	I don't think its hyperbole to say it's almost unrecognizable, or at least heading in that direction.  If you just take a look at Ran's book-to-screen analysis for episodes, each episode has more and more made-up scenes as time goes by.  It's at the point where the vast majority of scenes are invented or heavily modified/"based loosely on."  In this episode there are four scenes based on the books (Sam, Jon, Cat, and Brienne), and even most of those are big deviations, such as the cliche romance scene on top of the Wall instead of talking about the Horn and the Blackfish being a thug.   Then there are nine totally invented scenes - Ygritte being cool with Jon being a crow still, the whitewashing of Tyrion as he breaks the news to Sansa (which we cheaply don't even get to see), Meera and Osha fighting, Theon being flayed and not being able to guess his captor's identity, Olenna talking about swallowing swords and snapping quills in front of Tywin, the cliche Loras scene with Sansa, Cersei and Tyrion acting like BFF and more Cersei whitewashing, and shocker - Varys and Littlefinger talking a lot about their plans and a dead Ros.  I wouldn't say it's totally unrecognizable, obviously, but it's on its way.this is exactly what I'm getting at.  sure, it's following the main overall storyline-for now.  But little deviations create the necessity for larger deviations down the road, and that is exactly how adaptations become unrecognizable by the 4th or 5th season.   case in point, true blood.  season 1 more or less stuck to the books, season 2 did so loosely, by season 5, it was so different that I couldn't predict the story any better than someone who hadn't read the books.   That's the direction I see this series taking, and its a shame, with such great source material.
3486	gash	2013-05-07	if you keep comparing it to the books you won't enjoy it.
3487	AliKat	2013-05-07	I think part of the problem with the show is that the writers are a bit star struck by some of the newer actors. They adore Diana Rigg hence all the huge number of scenes with her. But they don't seem to realize they're doing it at a cost to the rest of the show. She made a fool out of Tyrion and his character is more important than hers so they shouldn't have made it so easy for her to dress him down like that. The debate with Tywin was too blantant. He's hand of the king, she should show respect and sugar coat her barbs a lot more. He shouldn't act like an obvious bully because everyone knows they NEED the Tyrells and not just for their soldiers. They're supplying huge amounts of food for KL. If they decide to pack up their toys and switch sides again, the Lannisters are screwed so he wouldn't threaten to make Loras a kingsguard. But they wanted to give Diana Rigg a meaty scene so they did. They've had her interact with almost every actor in King's Landing to show her range. And D&D appear to have fallen in love with Natalie Dormer too so she's getting tons of scenes compared to other characters of more importance. They're so focused on fleshing out characters that weren't fleshed out in the books that they're forgetting the characters that had a real storyline already.
Ramsey's character is brilliantly acted but the torture is over done. They need to drop it from the next few episodes and save some for Season 4.
The next 2-3 episodes should have huge meaty chunks for Cat and Robb to redeem what they've done to them thus far. And throw some Edmure in there too. I'm dreading the RW and the death of one of my favorite characters (Robb) but the Robb I loved hasn't been in this season yet except the Karstark beheading. But they destroyed that scene for Cat by giving her lines to Talisa. (I'll never forgive them for her admitting she didn't know where Winterfell was when she was arguing to spare Lord Karstark and giving advice!) I want more Cat and Robb before its too late. In the books the Freys told Robb about Winterfell being burnt and that didn't happen on Sunday. Plus if he doesn't believe Bran/Rickon are dead, why would he write a will naming Jon his heir? Or will they even do that now? Tywin knew the boys were thought to be dead and also that the Karstarks abandoned Robb almost as soon as Robb knew. Does Sansa have a clue what is going on with her family and Winterfell?
Yay Rickon had a line. Two maybe. The future King - Tommen - hasn't even been seen this season. Pretty sad. They finally gave Jon/Ygritte some screentime at least but they should have shown more of him integrating with Mance and the other Wildlings.
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 07 May 2013 - 11:03 AM.
3488	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	if you keep comparing it to the books you won't enjoy it.It is an adaptation of the books, the characters are the same as the books, the basic plot is the same as the books, of  course it is going to be measured against the books and compared to the books.  Ya know, that's why they give Oscar's for "best adaptation"....because rating whether an adaptation was good or bad or not is part of the package.
3489	gash	2013-05-07	It is an adaptation of the books, the characters are the same as the books, the basic plot is the same as the books, of  course it is going to be measured against the books and compared to the books.  Ya know, that's why they give Oscar's for "best adaptation"....because rating whether an adaptation was good or bad or not is part of the package.i treat them as seperate and i really enjoy both.
3490	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I think part of the problem with the show is that the writers are a bit star struck by some of the newer actors. They adore Diana Rigg hence all the huge number of scenes with her. But they don't seem to realize they're doing it at a cost to the rest of the show. She made a fool out of Tyrion and his character is more important than hers so they shouldn't have made it so easy for her to dress him down like that. The debate with Tywin was too blantant. He's hand of the king, she should show respect and sugar coat her barbs a lot more. He shouldn't act like an obvious bully because everyone knows they NEED the Tyrells and not just for their soldiers. They're supplying huge amounts of food for KL. If they decide to pack up their toys and switch sides again, the Lannisters are screwed so he wouldn't threaten to make Loras a kingsguard. But they wanted to give Diana Rigg a meaty scene so they did. They've had her interact with almost every actor in King's Landing to show her range. And D&D appear to have fallen in love with Natalie Dormer too so she's getting tons of scenes compared to other characters of more importance. They're so focused on fleshing out characters that weren't fleshed out in the books that they're forgetting the characters that had a real storyline already.Ramsey's character is brilliantly acted but the torture is over done. They need to drop it from the next few episodes and save some for Season 4.The next 2-3 episodes should have huge meaty chunks for Cat and Robb to redeem what they've done to them thus far. And throw some Edmure in there too. I'm dreading the RW and the death of one of my favorite characters (Robb) but the Robb I loved hasn't been in this season yet except the Karstark beheading. But they destroyed that scene for Cat by giving her lines to Talisa. (I'll never forgive them for her admitting she didn't know where Winterfell was when she was arguing to spare Lord Karstark and giving advice!) I want more Cat and Robb before its too late. In the books the Freys told Robb about Winterfell being burnt and that didn't happen on Sunday. Plus if he doesn't believe Bran/Rickon are dead, why would he write a will naming Jon his heir? Or will they even do that now? Tywin knew the boys were thought to be dead and also that the Karstarks abandoned Robb almost as soon as Robb knew. Does Sansa have a clue what is going on with her family and Winterfell?Yay Rickon had a line. Two maybe. The future King - Tommen - hasn't even been seen this season. Pretty sad. They finally gave Jon/Ygritte some screentime at least but they should have shown more of him integrating with Mance and the other Wildlings.I don't really have a problem w/giving Diana Rigg more screen time, I just feel her take on the Queen of Thorns is off somehow, althought I can't put my finger on it.  I thought the scene w/Tywin was terrible, neither of these two heads of the now most powerful Houses in Westeros would be so obvious, and nevermind the huge plot hole of Tywin threatening to put Loras on the KG,  when he already was on Renly's KG.They may not do the will now because if Show Robb doesn't think Bran and Rickon are dead, there is nothing that is going to change his mind now...another kind of stupid and pointless plot change that only causes more confusion.
3491	Honey Badger	2013-05-07	It is an adaptation of the books, the characters are the same as the books, the basic plot is the same as the books, of  course it is going to be measured against the books and compared to the books.  Ya know, that's why they give Oscar's for "best adaptation"....because rating whether an adaptation was good or bad or not is part of the package.Which doesn't discount the original statement that constant comparisons will ruin the experience.  Plus it introduces criticisms of the show because "wahh waah it's not like the book" and not judging the show on its own merits.  Some of the changes don't make sense to me either, but I'll reserve judgment to see how it pans out first.
3492	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Which doesn't discount the original statement that constant comparisons will ruin the experience.  Plus it introduces criticisms of the show because "wahh waah it's not like the book" and not judging the show on its own merits.  Some of the changes don't make sense to me either, but I'll reserve judgment to see how it pans out first.They have now made so many changes that even within the context of the show ONLY they do not hang together logically or make sense, like making Loras an only son all of a sudden, or how Mel knows that Gendry is Robert's son, or where the Northern soldiers at Harenhall came from in season 3 who didn't exist in season 2.  Yes, we can all make up our own explanations for these logic and plot holes but they are logic and plot holes in the show because they are not explained and don't make sense in context.Not all deviations from the book are problematic, but they have made a lot of needless changes that serve no discernable purpose--like thugging up the Blackfish, as well as changes that have a ripple effect as the series goes forward.
3493	gash	2013-05-07	They have now made so many changes that even within the context of the show ONLY they do not hang together logically or make sense, like making Loras an only son all of a sudden, or how Mel knows that Gendry is Robert's son, or where the Northern soldiers at Harenhall came from in season 3 who didn't exist in season 2.  Yes, we can all make up our own explanations for these logic and plot holes but they are logic and plot holes in the show because they are not explained and don't make sense in context.Not all deviations from the book are problematic, but they have made a lot of needless changes that serve no discernable purpose--like thugging up the Blackfish, as well as changes that have a ripple effect as the series goes forward.again, the ripple effect is only a problem if you are constantly comparing the books and the tv show.
3494	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-07	My nitpick with this is if the Tyrells are allied with the Lannisters, why is the Loras/Willas match considered such a life line for Sansa? It could be just as bad if her brother does the wrong thing as it was with Joffrey? No doubt they wouldn't be as sadistic but why doesn't anyone, especially Sansa, worry about this proposal?As for Sansa being dumbed down, no one should really complain about her asking about her family attending. It's not the brightest thing she could have said but Sansa on a whole has been smartened and toughened quite a bit on the show. She doesn't go on and on about songs, knights and fairytales as she does in the books (a huge plus!), she doesn't blab to Cersei and she doesn't blab to either Margaery or Littlefinger when directly asked about her plans. Book Sansa never said "I just can't say anything about it." If we look at the deleted Sansa-Hound-Tyrion scene, she unequivocally says she doesn't sing songs anymore. Book Sansa was not thinking that at this stage of her story.What's more, while she shows a small gain of not being as fussed about Willas being crippled, she is still just as full of dreams when she mentions puppies and picnics and naming her children after her family. Asking about her family on the show gives a nod to this, reminds us that she is still very naive at this stage of the story and finally reminds us that she is unaware that most of her family are "dead". It's hardly a dumbing down of Sansa.I agree with your nitpick. She realizes thanks to Dontos that people will only love her for her claim, and that Tyrells are just like Lannisters. That the only good thing about Tyrells is that they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t kill her family, and that at least she won<U+0080><U+0099>t be in KL. Why not have Shae help her realize it? But no, all Shae tells her is that people will want her for sex.I disagree. Season one is the only time when show Sansa is smarter than the book version (she<U+0080><U+0099>s also a lot bitchier, but oh well<U+0080>) since she doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t go to Cersei and confesses Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s plans. After season one, the books version is smater.In the books Margaery and Olenna ask her to talk about Joffrey. Sansa refuses, she lies. She did say <U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t say anything about it<U+0080><U+009D> and she said <U+0080><U+009C>please don<U+0080><U+0099>t make me say anything<U+0080><U+009D>. She only starts speaking when Butterbumps starts singing because that way, Varys<U+0080><U+0099> little birds won<U+0080><U+0099>t hear her. In the show, Sansa doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t want to speak with Marge, but at the end she spits it all. But no fool was singing, and there where people coming and going and bringing cheese.In ASoS, Sansa never talks with Littlefinger before he takes out of KL. How could she go babbling her plans? I don<U+0080><U+0099>t get your point. She only trusts Dontos, and he told about her plans to Petyr, but she had reasons to trust Dontos (stronger reasons that the ones she has to trust Shae).The songs may be a plus like you said, I suppose. But book Sansa also starts believing less and less in songs. In ASoS, Sansa hears the way Margaery<U+0080><U+0099>s cousins speak about boys, stories, songs, etc. Sansa thinks they are very naAve, and that they know nothing. At this point she doesn't believe a lot in songs and stories, either.She matures when she accepts to marry Willas, a cripple. In the show Sansa was living her dream when she was betrothed to Loras. She doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t get more mature. She wants to name her children after her family, but that<U+0080><U+0099>s because she misses them, she wishes she could see them and she knows she<U+0080><U+0099>ll never see them again (the ones that are <U+0080><U+009C>dead<U+0080><U+009D>). That's normal. Wishing her family could attend the wedding is normal. But asking if she can invite her family who is at open war to the wedding, whe she knows they are at war? Just goes beyond being dumb.  I find book Sansa smarter than show Sansa. Show Sansa has had very very little development since season one. I do believe she<U+0080><U+0099>s been dumbed down, and that<U+0080><U+0099>s why I complain. But once again this is just IMO /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3495	teemo	2013-05-07	again, the ripple effect is only a problem if you are constantly comparing the books and the tv show.you do realize this is a thread for people to bitch and vent, right?
3496	Silverx2	2013-05-07	D&D knows how the story ends, so if they want to trim the fat that we think is important, when really its just filler im all for it. With any luck they will trim Tyrions entire story after he kills tywin. 438 "where do whores go?" is 437 more then adwd needed.
3497	Birdsong65	2013-05-07	I want more Cat and Robb before its too late. In the books the Freys told Robb about Winterfell being burnt and that didn't happen on Sunday. Plus if he doesn't believe Bran/Rickon are dead, why would he write a will naming Jon his heir? Or will they even do that now? Tywin knew the boys were thought to be dead and also that the Karstarks abandoned Robb almost as soon as Robb knew. I've reconciled to the fact that we are not going to get more Cat/Robb scenes prior to the RW.  In fact, as per the bolded part above, I wouldn't be surprised if that conversation happens between Robb and Talisa, with Catelyn none the wiser, with no grand announcement in front of banner men who haven't been cast, etc.  My prediction is that Talisa will be in possession of Robb's will naming Jon, unbeknownst to Catelyn, and she, Talisa, will thus survive the RW, likely escaping with the Backfish. Which, as it relates to the novels, gets us to the same end of there being a will in existence, a Northern Queen still alive, and the remaining Riverrun Tullys still alive.So, same end, overall, I guess.
3498	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	Yay Rickon had a line. Two maybe. The future King - Tommen - hasn't even been seen this season. Pretty sad. They finally gave Jon/Ygritte some screentime at least but they should have shown more of him integrating with Mance and the other Wildlings.J/Y interaction is poor that you wouldn't believe that Jon ever learned anything from it besides how to fck.About Robb, the talk about Jon being his heir is something discussed on their way to the wedding, any mayor conversation between him and his mother could happen there, and that could happen in the same episode that the wedding itself, unless they decide to make them travel for more than one episode. That's the same chapter when Robb tells Cat that she should accept already that Arya is dead: they could add Rickon and Bran to that line. In Robb's case, the damage isn't so hard. I'm guessing they're keeping his more emotional scenes for the end of his appearance .
3499	teemo	2013-05-07	of course. and people are free to challenge those arguments. such is the nature of a message board.it seems kind of trollish tbh.  there are a lot of pissed off people in here, and you think your argument of "I separate the books from the show" is really going to add anything to the discussion?  There's even another "Nitpick" thread dedicated to only positive aspects of the show, and I don't go over there telling everyone what I hate about the show.  I think that would look trollish.
3500	Cadiva	2013-05-07	Yes.  They did.  There is no show evidence that anyone in House Tyrell disapproved of Loras joining Renly's KG, indeed, the evidence is the opposite, that it was approved of and endorsed, his sister voices no disapproval, the QOT references no disapproval of that action, so why should she now care that Loras will be in Joff's KG?  Plot hole, logic fail, within the context of the show as a stand alone and in terms of the overall arc of the books.  Indeed, Tywin's threat is stupid in context of the show because Loras was ALREADY IN RENLYS KG.And nowhere in the show did they say that Renly's Kingsguard (ie Rainbow Guard) had to swear an oath of fidelity and not marry to be a member (that I can remember). People are assuming his Kingsguard was the same as the Kingsguard with vows of celibacy but it hasn't been said in the books or in the show that it was. It's not a plot hole so much as an assumption made on prior knowledge of what being in the King's Kingsguard means.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 07 May 2013 - 02:10 PM.
3501	teemo	2013-05-07	And nowhere in the show did they say that Renly's Kingsguard (ie Rainbow Guard) had to swear an oath of fidelity and not marry to be a member (that I can remember). People are assuming his Kingsguard was the same as the Kingsguard with vows of celibacy but it hasn't been said in the books or in the show that it was.Ah, nevermind.  Reading on my phone and misread. lol.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 07 May 2013 - 02:13 PM.
3502	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-07	And nowhere in the show did they say that Renly's Kingsguard (ie Rainbow Guard) had to swear an oath of fidelity and not marry to be a member (that I can remember). People are assuming his Kingsguard was the same as the Kingsguard with vows of celibacy but it hasn't been said in the books or in the show that it was. It's not a plot hole so much as an assumption made on prior knowledge of what being in the King's Kingsguard means. But... why would it be any different? The Kingsguard give up their lives to protect their king; how could they do that if they had wives/husbands and children?
3503	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	And nowhere in the show did they say that Renly's Kingsguard (ie Rainbow Guard) had to swear an oath of fidelity and not marry to be a member (that I can remember). People are assuming his Kingsguard was the same as the Kingsguard with vows of celibacy but it hasn't been said in the books or in the show that it was.If Renly's guard had a celibacy vow Loras was definitely not following at all. But again, in books makes sense that Loras would take such a vow as they knew he would never be comfortable marrying and having children, and they have two other male heirs. It's the same case than Benjen Stark taking the black: his family would have opposed in Ned hadn't have five kids. Also, the Tyrells probably approved anything that would get them closer to the king, even two of their flowers being "intimate" with the king.Now, I know that in TV it's better and easier to match Sansa and Loras instead of cast another Tyrell specially because people recognise Loras the most (and considering we know he's gay, the whole thing is a bit crueler for Sansa), but it was really that hard to simply make her believe she would marry Loras and then say "Loras? No, dear, we have another son back in Highgarden".(Cadiva, I recognize you from another board /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
3504	Ran	2013-05-07	It's entirely possible that the Rainbow Guard did not have the same vows. After all, LORD Bryce Caron was a member, and retained his place as Lord of Nightsong -- wouldn't happen in the Kingsguard. Why change it? Maybe Renly doesn't think too much on the value of such oaths, maybe out of some sense that it'd only be right if he and Loras were to carry on, maybe it was just to make sure to have the doors open as widely as possible so that he'd have his pick of the very best rather than having to choose only from younger sons and landless men.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 07 May 2013 - 02:25 PM.
3505	NeilSpoon	2013-05-07	What I didn't like:
The sudden appearance of Sam's dagger. Really did feel as if they completely forgot about it being significant and had to think of a way to slip it back in.... 
Gendry being taken by Mel..... The Edric Storm subplot is not relevant enough in the TV show to warrant this very big departure from the books. 
Tywin claiming he will name Loras as a kings guard. I am sure that's not possible.....?
The Sansa / Tyrion wedding being announced. They should have kept the surprise. 
Shae refusing to leave in such an insolent way. 
The Roose/Jaimie scene ending just as it was getting good. 
Robs storyline. I genuinely feel the impact of the Red Wedding will be reduced heavily. The Blackfish is acting OTT as well. 
And in general everything being in your face. No subtleties at all. 
I am sure there is more. But this really was a poorly written episode. 
Only good bits:
The acting in general, the casting of the Freys, Ramsey Snow, production value.
3506	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	LOTS of things - in no particular order:
That very narrow space on the top of the wall?  And no trees/forrest showing with the views north or south?\
In the book, Jon didn't climb the wall.  He skirted around it and had that skirmish near Queens Crown where he was saved by Summer.
Where is Ghost?  How come we get dragons but no more direwolves?
The fight between Osha and Meera - petty, unrealistic, and unnecessary.
Ramsey/Bolton...please, please don't spend any more time on that.  Likewise with the Ygritte thing - 'bout time for her to sit down and shut up, pardon the bluntness.
Tyrion delivering news of the impending marriage plans directly to Sansa with Shae in the room?  "This is awkward" indeed - realistically he would have insisted on talking with Sansa alone.  I hate the Shae as Sansa's "loyal protector" thing, anyway -- totally uncharacteristic.
The whole Mel/Gendry thing (in fact pretty much the whole Mel thing as to how she's presented per HBO), and the BWB have been turned into greedy, opportunistic, and unprincipled people (Thoros and Beric at least).  
Believe it or not, there actually were scenes I liked, in spite of all this nitpicking/complaining.  But they were very few.  This was my least favorite episode, with the first one episode of the season following in a close second place.
3507	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-07	In the book, Jon didn't climb the wall.  He skirted around it and had that skirmish near Queens Crown where he was saved by Summer. He did climb the Wall. The only difference is that he climbed a ladder.
3508	Masamune	2013-05-07	this is exactly what I'm getting at.  sure, it's following the main overall storyline-for now.  But little deviations create the necessity for larger deviations down the road, and that is exactly how adaptations become unrecognizable by the 4th or 5th season.I wouldn't say it's "following" the main storyline, so much as paying lipservice to it. These unnecessary changes suggest to me that D&D think they know GRRM's work better than he does, and that's just wrong on so many levels.
3509	congokong	2013-05-07	About Loras replacing Willis(?), often D+D is being excused for omitting characters because of budget, but this is one case where they could get away with keeping a character without having to worry about it. Willis was never shown in the books.Also, where is Mace Tyrell? Shouldn't Tywin be negotiating with him instead of Loras' grandmother?
3510	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I wouldn't say it's "following" the main storyline, so much as paying lipservice to it. These unnecessary changes suggest to me that D&D think they know GRRM's work better than he does, and that's just wrong on so many levels.What I find strange is sometimes they are very, very faithful--and its worth saying that those times are almost always also the best TV and the best dialogue...but sometimes they introduce completely unnecessary, random, pointless changes that could easily have been avoided...like having Willis exist off screen or not turning the Blackfish into a thug or not turning Mance into a super boring leader.  It's like they have weird blind spots or something.I am just not getting the sense of them LOVING Storm of Swords so much because they have introduced more random changes in this season, that they allegedly have been working toward for the last 2 years
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 07 May 2013 - 03:56 PM.
3511	Minsc	2013-05-07	Also, where is Mace Tyrell? Shouldn't Tywin be negotiating with him instead of Loras' grandmother?Shouldn't Tywin not be threatening his only ally and one that is more powerful then him currently is what my main response was.  Honestly, Tywin seems like he is taking a page out of the Mad King's playbook of how Aerys used to treat him when dealing with the Tyrells.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 07 May 2013 - 04:15 PM.
3512	Maria Underfoot	2013-05-07	again, the ripple effect is only a problem if you are constantly comparing the books and the tv show.Dude, if the changes were good, and contributed to making the show even better, nobody (or at least not as many people) would be complaining.. It's not about making some necessary changes, it's about making unnecessary and unjustifiable changes that create cliches, diminish characters and have neither value nor substance. There are too many examples of that kind of change. Portraying Loras as a boy-whore who sleeps around, and has completely forgotten Renly alienates his character. Tywin's threat is misplaced, he is not in a position to give ultimatums to the Tyrells. QoT talking to the HAND of the king about sleeping with stable-boys is crazy. Making out on top of the wall, after a whole day of climbing and almost dying (don't they have other, more pressing physical  needs to attend to?) is a cliche. Ygritte knowing about Jon's loyalties is not plausible... Did she so fall in love with him, and his constant frown, that she's ready to jeopardize her life and her own people?I still enjoy the show immensely and look forward to it week after week, but I cringe at some things I'd cringe at even if I hadn't read the books, as do several of my non-reader friends. One of them asked me, without me having told him anything, how come Olenna is so badass with Tyrion and gets so easily slammed by Tywin, when she knows how much power the Tyrells have over the Lannisters. There ARE continuity errors, and those are the problem.
					
					
							Edited by Maria Underfoot, 07 May 2013 - 04:22 PM.
3513	Cadiva	2013-05-07	(Cadiva, I recognize you from another board /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)I'm on a fair few /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />It's entirely possible that the Rainbow Guard did not have the same vows. After all, LORD Bryce Caron was a member, and retained his place as Lord of Nightsong -- wouldn't happen in the Kingsguard. Why change it? Maybe Renly doesn't think too much on the value of such oaths, maybe out of some sense that it'd only be right if he and Loras were to carry on, maybe it was just to make sure to have the doors open as widely as possible so that he'd have his pick of the very best rather than having to choose only from younger sons and landless men.Exactly Ran, it was Lord Bryce Caron being a member that made me go and look it up to see whether any issue of celibacy or vows never to marry had ever been mentioned for the Rainbow Guard. Couldn't find any anywhere.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 07 May 2013 - 04:41 PM.
3514	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Dude, if the changes were good, and contributed to making the show even better, nobody (or at least not as many people) would be complaining.. It's not about making some necessary changes, it's about making unnecessary and unjustifiable changes that create cliches, diminish characters and have neither value nor substance. There are too many examples of that kind of change. Portraying Loras as a boy-whore who sleeps around, and has completely forgotten Renly alienates his character. Tywin's threat is misplaced, he is not in a position to give ultimatums to the Tyrells. QoT talking to the HAND of the king about sleeping with stable-boys is crazy. Making out on top of the wall, after a whole day of climbing and almost dying (don't they have other, more pressing physical needs to attend to?) is a cliche. Ygritte knowing about Jon's loyalties is not plausible... Did she so fall in love with him, and his constant frown, that she's ready to jeopardize her life and her own people?I still enjoy the show immensely and look forward to it week after week, but I cringe at some things I'd cringe at even if I hadn't read the books, as do several of my non-reader friends. One of them asked me, without me having told him anything, how come Olenna is so badass with Tyrion and gets so easily slammed by Tywin, when she knows how much power the Tyrells have over the Lannisters. There ARE continuity errors, and those are the problem.Yeah, I thought that entire consversation between QOT and Tywin was kind of crazy from every perspective you can think of...out of character for both, kind of weird extremes of making Tywin a homophobe and QOT like oh aren't all boys gay at the other end of the spectrum and then continuity issues of the kingsguard and why Tywin would be making threats when the Tyrells are feeding King's Landing and have a standing army in King's Landing...The wall is so boring I don't even care, Kit Harrington looks like he's acting while zoned out on oxycontin.
3515	Young Nan	2013-05-07	What I find strange is sometimes they are very, very faithful--and its worth saying that those times are almost always also the best TV and the best dialogue...I am just not getting the sense of them LOVING Storm of Swords so much because they have introduced more random changes in this season, that they allegedly have been working toward for the last 2 yearsyes! season 1 was a masterpiece, why? because they mostly stuck to the source material, except for when budget and time constraints prevented them from doing so.    Now, they love the source material so much (they keep reminding us of that) yet they have made a lot of stupid/cliche/time wasting plot changes. They blame them on the budget, or time constraints, but in season 1, their time and budget were more constrained than ever, yet they managed to make a quality show, and stick to the source material mostly.  Now that they are being "creative", the quality of the show has declined substantially.
3516	Bronn son of Bronn	2013-05-07	this is really nitpicking, but Orell's knife when he's cutting John/Ygritte off?  looked like some PTFE-coated Bear Grylls thing
3517	teemo	2013-05-07	Yeah, I thought that entire consversation between QOT and Tywin was kind of crazy from every perspective you can think of...out of character for both, kind of weird extremes of making Tywin a homophobe and QOT like oh aren't all boys gay at the other end of the spectrum and then continuity issues of the kingsguard and why Tywin would be making threats when the Tyrells are feeding King's Landing and have a standing army in King's Landing...The wall is so boring I don't even care, Kit Harrington looks like he's acting while zoned out on oxycontin. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3518	teemo	2013-05-07	I pointed out last week that a serious issue is Jon Snow not having anyone to talk to truthfully, because virtually every main protagonist on a television show has some kind of outlet so we know what they're thinking - a friend, family member, themselves, a dead person, and Jon Snow has no one.  Now it looks like Ygritte is in on it so he can talk to her, but it doesn't really make any sense, not to mention he hasn't confided anything to her.
That's most likely the reason they made Shae Sansa's BFF - so she has someone to share her emotions with.  But it's really underutilized....they talk like they're best friends when we see them together but there's no reason behind it and Sansa honestly doesn't share much...why does Shae care about Sansa so much that she'll threaten the lives of other handmaidens for her and say that she'll "take care" of LF if he messes with her?  It seems like a forced close friendship out of nowhere.
3519	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	Having watched the inside the episode about this episode, it is just another example of D&D just not getting certain characters.  Ygritte KNOWS jon is still  a crow?!?! simply not logical.  She witnessed him kill QH, she slept with him.  She would have no doubts about Jon at this point.  Ignoring thefact that Jon was still a Crow would be incredibly stupid for a wilding.  yes they are independant people, but she is placing her life, making herself the woman of someone who she inherently must distrust, nor has Jon given her any reason to trust him thusly (ie outside of truly believing he turned his cloak).  what a stupid perception of the relationship.  It makes Ygritte into some obsessive stalker type.  WEIRD
This season, for Jon's arc would have improved 10000% if they had a couple of scenes of J and Y flirting before they slept together.  ESTABLISH a relationship, show Y truly believing in Jon's turning. 
ahhhh why bother.
3520	congokong	2013-05-07	my point is people would be less pissed off if they weren't constantly comparing every little thing to what happened in the books. not trolling, honestly trying to help people enjoy the show a bit more. a kind of entertainment good samaritan if you will.We are not looking for conversion here. Shoo! Let us bitch in peace. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />yes! season 1 was a masterpiece, why? because they mostly stuck to the source material, except for when budget and time constraints prevented them from doing so.	Now, they love the source material so much (they keep reminding us of that) yet they have made a lot of stupid/cliche/time wasting plot changes. They blame them on the budget, or time constraints, but in season 1, their time and budget were more constrained than ever, yet they managed to make a quality show, and stick to the source material mostly.  Now that they are being "creative", the quality of the show has declined substantially. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3521	congokong	2013-05-07	I pointed out last week that a serious issue is Jon Snow not having anyone to talk to truthfully, because virtually every main protagonist on a television show has some kind of outlet so we know what they're thinking - a friend, family member, themselves, a dead person, and Jon Snow has no one.  Now it looks like Ygritte is in on it so he can talk to her, but it doesn't really make any sense, not to mention he hasn't confided anything to her.Yup. An idea. They could have made a scene (since that's almost as natural to D+D as breathing) where Jon finds himself alone in the snow briefly and decides to say a prayer to the old gods, where he states some of his internal monologue from ASOS regarding the path he is on. That way we could know what he's thinking.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 07 May 2013 - 09:28 PM.
3522	Ser Fatso	2013-05-07	My biggest issues are the little thing that only a change in dialoug would be needed to protray the books more accurately. Like Loras being the heir to Highgarden, and tywin trying to use KingsGaurd as a threat. Part of the original deal was he would join the KG. does this mean that Wilas Tyrell is not going to have a role in the books?
I am starting to dislike the series, not saying i wont watch it but some things just stupid! Also whats the deal with Gendry and Mel, is Gendry meant to be the new Edric Storm? and davos saves him.
To me you only have to change a couple of lines and it becomes more like the books.
I did like Olenna's sword swollowing comment and asking Tywin if he ever did that, like it is so common. Also the lords kiss
3523	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	it just occurred to me that the T-O scene was completely pointless, Tywin has already stopped the Tyrells plans by marrying Tyrion to Sansa. He even stated last week that it could be done without a public problem with the Tyrells. This week he essentialy throws an insult in the Tyrell's face for the less important Cersei marriage, which could easily be suited by some other match for Cersei. One without the potential insult to the Tyrells.
3524	Oakenfist	2013-05-07	D&D royally screwed up the Tyrells who are now near extinction in the series. So Loras is the heir and if made KG then Marge is heir? This is what Tywin tells Olenna. What about Willas and Garlan? GRRM made three Tyrell brothers in the first place so he could kill off one or two of them (Loras and Garlan most likely) yet the Tyrells wouldn't be extinct as a house. Basically they're not planning ahead.
3525	A Stark in Salem	2013-05-07	One thing I really hated was how non challant the Sam and Gilly trip has shaped up to be! In the books it's non-stop terror; white walkers right on their heels. Dead guys and animals everywhere. Really great horror! And we get... um, nothing.
The Theon stuff has been good, though I wish The Bastard of Bolton was a bit more slimey.
Rob's scenes seemed true in tone and content to the books, as have the Jamie scenes.
Yeah- weird so few will make it over the Wall. Not much of a raiding party eh?
3526	Oakenfist	2013-05-07	The raiding party consists of 200 people in the books (realistic)
In the show its 16 people (unrealistic)
And they all die anyway except 4 characters that have been introduced (Orell, Tormund, Jon, and Ygrette). Just stupid and predictable.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 07 May 2013 - 10:36 PM.
3527	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-07	I sometimes think that D&D don't fully get the politics of the situation. Karstark being half the army is one example. Robb's weird line about "Harrenhall isn't in the North therefore I don't give a shit" is another. He is King of the Riverlands, yet openly disregards them as unimportant in front of his Tully family members? And Tywin's threat of drafting Loras into the Kingsguard...weirdThis episode just really made me mad, especially after the last couple. The Theon/Ramsay stuff was the only good part.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 07 May 2013 - 11:14 PM.
3528	ladyinblack	2013-05-07	Have many of the same gripes expressed here . Very disappointed they haven't done any  better with their increased budget  . Started this whole journey with the excellent Season 1 & quickly became a diehard book fanatic/many rereads..
The main issue besides the wretched changes in storylines -  where is the supporting cast? Where are  Robbs colorful bannermen?who were always at his side. & Greywind? Now, I envision them -Robb,  Mom., Edmure, Talisa arriving at the Twins & a Frey servant calling out for a table for 4.sheesh
Where are the wildings? All the diverse peoples..Where are the KL inhabitants-yes I remember Cersei keeps the smallfolk away but the servants,knights etc.  We saw that in Season1
well---excuse me while I look in the flames /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3529	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-07	I sometimes think that D&D don't fully get the politics of the situation. Karstark being half the army is one example. Robb's weird line about "Harrenhall isn't in the North therefore I don't give a shit" is another. He is King of the Riverlands, yet openly disregards them as unimportant in front of his Tully family members? And Tywin's threat of drafting Loras into the Kingsguard...weirdThis episode just really made me mad, especially after the last couple. The Theon/Ramsay stuff was the only good part.I agree. At this point, I have to wonder whether they are just not that bright (at least in a literary sense) or they think the audience is mainly composed of dunces. Obviously, the fact alone that they have made this milestone in their careers and created a wildly successful TV show would seem to imply that they have some level of intelligence. On the other hand, they simply don't seem to understand or care about how many details both minor and important affect the internal logic of the narrative. When I say narrative, I'm not just talking about the plot of ASoIaF, but of their own show. Perhaps they don't even fundamentally understand the source material. Or they just don't care that much about preserving the logic of the story through the motivations of its characters and think that simply hitting on major events will suffice, whether or not it really makes sense in the end. If the latter is true, they are severely limiting the potential of the show and making it kind of an intellectual insult to non-readers.Having a flippant attitude about characterization and narrative logic doesn't really lead to a higher quality of television, and it is kind of antithetical to the spirit of both the books and the show; the idea that it isn't the dragons or magical swords, but the detailed and complex characters that makes ASoIaF so much fun. There is nothing wrong with condensing certain plot lines or consolidating characters. However, they have shown that they simply don't have faith in the audience to understand the story as it is presented, and as such, they often revert to sloppy broad strokes and trite cliches even where they are unnecessary and detrimental. Some of the changes they have made just can't be justified from a position of storytelling. The only reason they seem to exist is because either B&W are a bit dull, or they sincerely believe that the audience is.
3530	Birdsong65	2013-05-07	I sometimes think that D&D don't fully get the politics of the situation. Karstark being half the army is one example. Robb's weird line about "Harrenhall isn't in the North therefore I don't give a shit" is another. He is King of the Riverlands, yet openly disregards them as unimportant in front of his Tully family members? And Tywin's threat of drafting Loras into the Kingsguard...weirdThis episode just really made me mad, especially after the last couple. The Theon/Ramsay stuff was the only good part.Someone correct me if I'm mistaken but wasn't Lady Whent's (?) seat at Harrenhal....or was that Lady Hornwood?  And if it is a Whent, isn't that the maternal line on Catelyn's mother's side? And didn't they all answer to Winterfell, and Lord Stark?  I don't understand how it isn't part of the Northern Realm.
3531	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-07	Someone correct me if I'm mistaken but wasn't Lady Whent's (?) seat at Harrenhal....or was that Lady Hornwood?  And if it is a Whent, isn't that the maternal line on Catelyn's mother's side? And didn't they all answer to Winterfell, and Lord Stark?  I don't understand how it isn't part of the Northern Realm.Harrenhall is in the Riverlands, far south of Moat Cailin. I think it is even South of Riverrun. It was built by Harren the Black but was burned along with Harren by Aegon the Conqueror. Since then, it has been ruled by several Houses (Whent, Lothstone, and others) who all swore fealty to House Tully, not House StarkBut none of that should matter now, since Robb is King of the Riverlands. Harrenhall is part of his realm
3532	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-07	I should edit - Roose and Jaime/Brienne's scene was good too. But far too short
3533	Sun	2013-05-08	Robb's arc is such a mess, and has been since S2, that I've given up caring about all the plot flaws. I now simply accept that it will fall apart upon closer inspection, it's far more relaxing, I find, than constantly picking at that scab of an arc.
My only remaining ambition for Robb's story is that they do RW justice. That's really all I want for him now. They've messed up his life, let them do right by his death.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 08 May 2013 - 04:09 AM.
3534	Nictarion	2013-05-08	Robb's arc is such a mess, and has been since S2, that I've given up caring about all the plot flaws. I now simply accept that it will fall apart upon closer inspection, it's far more relaxing, I find, than constantly picking at that scab of an arc.My only remaining ambition for Robb's story is that they do RW justice. That's really all I want for him now. They've messed up his life, let them do right by his death.I really have high hopes for the RW. The show has got a lot of the really big stuff right,  Blackwater,  Dracarys. Although they butchered the HOTU. So we shall see. D & D did say the RW was the reason they wanted to make the show, so hopefully they really nail that scene.
3535	lunadangelo	2013-05-08	Did anybody pick up Loras' mention of 'French' sleeves when talking to Sansa about her wedding dress. Odd or what!
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 08 May 2013 - 05:27 AM.
3536	AdiTarg	2013-05-08	I think he said, fringed sleeves...
3537	Sun	2013-05-08	Did anybody pick up Loras' mention of 'French' sleeves when talking to Sansa about her wedding dress. Odd or what!http://wicnet.tumblr...t/49809122246/x
3538	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	I agree. At this point, I have to wonder whether they are just not that bright (at least in a literary sense) or they think the audience is mainly composed of dunces. Obviously, the fact alone that they have made this milestone in their careers and created a wildly successful TV show would seem to imply that they have some level of intelligence. On the other hand, they simply don't seem to understand or care about how many details both minor and important affect the internal logic of the narrative. When I say narrative, I'm not just talking about the plot of ASoIaF, but of their own show.Perhaps they don't even fundamentally understand the source material. Or they just don't care that much about preserving the logic of the story through the motivations of its characters and think that simply hitting on major events will suffice, whether or not it really makes sense in the end. If the latter is true, they are severely limiting the potential of the show and making it kind of an intellectual insult to non-readers.Having a flippant attitude about characterization and narrative logic doesn't really lead to a higher quality of television, and it is kind of antithetical to the spirit of both the books and the show; the idea that it isn't the dragons or magical swords, but the detailed and complex characters that makes ASoIaF so much fun.There is nothing wrong with condensing certain plot lines or consolidating characters. However, they have shown that they simply don't have faith in the audience to understand the story as it is presented, and as such, they often revert to sloppy broad strokes and trite cliches even where they are unnecessary and detrimental. Some of the changes they have made just can't be justified from a position of storytelling. The only reason they seem to exist is because either B&W are a bit dull, or they sincerely believe that the audience is.I've been really disappointed this season, I'm not sure why the quality has dropped, if they changed writers or what.  I KNOW that D & D "get" a lot of things because for the most part, their casting has been fantastic.  I wasn't too sure about Thoros, but he is now one of my few favorite parts of this season.  I KNOW that they can translate the book to the screen and do a good job, whether they ad lib or not, because I have seen them do it in season 1 and most of season 2.So, I'm left confused with a Mance who is a grim general and as I've said and others have said really dumb departures that open plot holes and future problems that could easily have been dealt with just from DIALOGUE, like keeping Willis Tyrell off screen...or finding a better solution to the kings blood than Red Dress tramping through the Riverlands to steal away Gendry, it would have been better actually instead of creating a lot of logic flaws if they had just left that part out of the show or had her use magic of some other sort instead of King's blood....rather than taking a powder on Stannis, inexplicably knowing where and who Gendry is and now meeting the real Arya Stark and not giving a shit...she would be a good hostage for Stannis to at this point since Robb is alive and fighting...that whole thing from a narrative point makes little sense to the overall plot.I have no problem with making changes for TV...I understood the Theon/Ramsey/Reek thing would be too complicated to introduce for TV and wasn't really necessary anyway to the main thrust of his arc.  I understand cutting characters.I don't understand stupid motivations like throwing away half your army for a random chick from Volantis who doesn't seem herself to care about being married or not.  Or Cat committing treason when she thinks all of her children are alive.  Or so much screen time to whores and yucking it up with Bronn and Pod instead of more face time for important plot points and characters, or silly scenes with Osha and Meera spatting over skinning rabbits.  Ugh.But, I don't really have an explanation, maybe they've become overwhelmed by the success of the show and aren't paying attention anymore..kind of like when Jos Wheadon stopped writing and directing Buffy?
3539	paddington	2013-05-08	Gendry being Roberts son wasn't that  much of a secret.  Considering that gold cloaks were sent to retrive him form Yoren in the book.  Also when Ned visited the Armourer in Agot, iirc Jon Aryn and I am pretty sure Stannis had visted before hand.  Mel knowing where he is would be more of a problem.
My nitpick here would be that the fact Gendry is with Mel/Stannis maybe a bit of a spoiler for upcoming books.
					
					
							Edited by paddington, 08 May 2013 - 07:22 AM.
3540	congokong	2013-05-08	But, I don't really have an explanation, maybe they've become overwhelmed by the success of the show and aren't paying attention anymore..kind of like when Jos Wheadon stopped writing and directing Buffy?If you bring this up on any other thread they will tell you that they are using the same formula as season 1, and that these changes are necessary.That's BS. My belief is that the writers decided to stray from the books because they want to be writers, not copy/cut/paste workers the way they largely were in season 1.
3541	victim	2013-05-08	The definition of nitpick: "be overly critical; criticize minor details." This is less of a nitpicking thread and more of an all-out hatred thread. Here's an example of nitpicking:Roose Bolton said, "You should have learned by now not to overplay your... position." During the beat, he glanced down at Jaime's hand, which suggests he was going to use the idiom 'to overplay your hand.' This is a saying that originated in America around playing cards, likely a variation of poker. I do not believe they play poker in Westeros.This is not what most of you are doing. If you really hate the show that much, for your sake and ours, please stop watching. If you want to nitpick, nitpick away, but try and actually do it properly. I am sorry if you classify this as repercussions.
3542	congokong	2013-05-08	The definition of nitpick: "be overly critical; criticize minor details." This is less of a nitpicking thread and more of an all-out hatred thread. Here's an example of nitpicking:Roose Bolton said, "You should have learned by now not to overplay your... position." During the beat, he glanced down at Jaime's hand, which suggests he was going to use the idiom 'to overplay your hand.' This is a saying that originated in America around playing cards, likely a variation of poker. I do not believe they play poker in Westeros.This is not what most of you are doing. If you really hate the show that much, for your sake and ours, please stop watching. If you want to nitpick, nitpick away, but try and actually do it properly. I am sorry if you classify this as repercussions.I get what you are saying, but it is hard to nitpick when only 4/13 scenes even exist in the books in any form. Some (or a lot) of criticism of the show as a whole is inevitable. This is also the only thread where you can bitch about it freely.It's true that if you are unhappy with it that it might be good to not watch it, but I watch each episode once (since season 2) out of curiosity mostly to see how far they will stray this episode.
3543	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	If you bring this up on any other thread they will tell you that they are using the same formula as season 1, and that these changes are necessary.That's BS. My belief is that the writers decided to stray from the books because they want to be writers, not copy/cut/paste workers the way they largely were in season 1.Season 1 was more straightforward and easier to adapt, I will give them that, but the fact that subsequent books are harder to adapt doesn't explain flat out bizarre moves like turning Loras into the heir of Highgarden or having Osha and Meera in a spat or the botching of Robb and Cat's story or thugging up the Blackfish...none of that has anything to do with "good TV" or "budget constraints" or even the slimming down of the storyline...that is simply "bad adaptation" at work.There have definitely been great additions, things that were not in the books that worked well....when they were in keeping with the tone and characterization of the books...when they depart from that is where I see that the show suffers.
3544	congokong	2013-05-08	Season 1 was more straightforward and easier to adapt, I will give them that, but the fact that subsequent books are harder to adapt doesn't explain flat out bizarre moves like turning Loras into the heir of Highgarden or having Osha and Meera in a spat or the botching of Robb and Cat's story or thugging up the Blackfish...none of that has anything to do with "good TV" or "budget constraints" or even the slimming down of the storyline...that is simply "bad adaptation" at work.There have definitely been great additions, things that were not in the books that worked well....when they were in keeping with the tone and characterization of the books...when they depart from that is where I see that the show suffers.Oh absolutely. I love scenes (although they are getting further apart) where they exist simply because there was no pair of eyes in the books to ever have it occur. Ex: The scene where Cersei goes to Tywin thinking her input his valuable and shares her worries about the Tyrells.To the OP, perhaps in the future we should titles these threads "Bitch without repercussions" because nitpicking would imply that the majority of the episodes are faithful to the source material. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3545	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	Oh absolutely. I love scenes (although they are getting further apart) where they exist simply because there was no pair of eyes in the books to ever have it occur. Ex: The scene where Cersei goes to Tywin thinking her input his valuable and shares her worries about the Tyrells.To the OP, perhaps in the future we should titles these threads "Bitch without repercussions" because nitpicking would imply that the majority of the episodes are faithful to the source material. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />LOL, yes, I am not sure where one would start "nitpicking" the Mel treking out from Dragonstone to the Riverlands, finding the Brotherhood's secret hiding place, knowing Gendry is Robert's bastard and getting them to abandon all their ethics about, ya know, brotherhood, and selling him to her, packed off in irons, meeting Arya Stark and not caring that she would be a valuable hostage as well for Stannis and leaving her there....just as a recent example.
3546	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	why are peple expecting them to faithfully adapt the books anyway? this was never the case.Really?  Hmm.Eddard Stark is dead, check.Winterfell is burned, check.Theon is held prisoner by Ramsey Bolton, check.Stannis lost the battle of Blackwater, check.Sansa is going to marry Tyrion, check.Jamie lost his hand, check.Robb is king in the north, check.The Lannisters and Tyrells are allied, check.Renly is dead, check.Vicerys got a golden crown, check.Dany has a slave army, check.The Old Bear was killed in a mutiny, check.Cersei's children are the product of incest, check.LF is going to marry Lysa, check.Seems sort of like a faithful adaptation to me.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 08 May 2013 - 11:20 AM.
3547	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	why are peple expecting them to faithfully adapt the books anyway? this was never the case.Noone is, what we are expecting is an outstanding adaptation, not crap and some of the adaptation has been crap.
3548	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	Really?  Hmm.Eddard Stark is dead, check.Winterfell is burned, check.Theon is held prisoner by Ramsey Bolton, check.Stannis lost the battle of Blackwater, check.Sansa is going to marry Tyrion, check.Jamie lost his hand, check.Robb is king in the north, check.The Lannisters and Tyrells are allied, check.Renly is dead, check.Vicerys got a golden crown, check.Dany has a slave army, check.The Old Bear was killed in a mutiny, check.Cersei's children are the product of incest, check.LF is going to marry Lysa, check.Seems sort of like a faithful adaptation to me.Robb is an intelligent king uncheckCat is a three dimensional character uncheckBrienne is more than a little naive and not yet a brutal killer uncheckJon Snow is an interesting character uncheckMance Rayder has personality uncheckStannis is not p'whipped uncheckLoras is not Richard Simmons in armor uncheckTyrion is a gray character uncheckSansa has more than 2 brain cells uncheckLuwin explained who burned winterfell uncheckSam is a Slayer uncheckTormund had some personality uncheckThe Tyrells were not in danger of going extinct uncheckArya was well on her way to being a bad ass assasin uncheckLittlefinger was discreet uncheckShae was a money grubbing ho' uncheckFat Sam couldnt out run Walkers and Wights uncheckQuorin Halfhand was a badass uncheckthe Wildings had an actual reason to trust Jon Snow uncheckNoone had the balls to steal Dany's dragons uncheckA magician able to make multiple copies of himself doesnt bend over to look at 3 dragons uncheckHot nurses dont wander around Westeros without getting Raped and Pillaged uncheckA northern Ho' doesnt become Littlefingers Hand of the Pimp UncheckBrienne and Jamie arent expected to walk all the way to KL uncheckNo repetitive and tiresome Theon torture scenes uncheckCersei and Tyrion dont go from loving to hating each other on a chapter by chapter basis uncheckwell you get the idea
3549	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	well you get the ideaNo, not really, your list is mostly opinion and nitpicks.The major characters and plot points are the same as the books.It's an adaptation of the books, its the same way when they do an adaptation of The Great Gatsby they may eliminate minor characters and scenes and change things around a bit but at the end Gatsby will still be dead and Daisy will go back to her husband.
3550	Juba	2013-05-08	The HBO show is basically a cliff notes version of the novels--with all the major plot points hit, sure--but with all the nuance, rich historical detail, mystery, and humanity taken out and replaced with cliche, a serious misunderstanding of George's created world, a heavy-handed dumbed-down plot, and richness of character jettisoned for stereotypical blandness.
3551	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	We all know it's going to be different, but what's the point of watching a show about your favourite book, portraying your favourite characters if show producers are going to ignore the fact that your character is, for example, a smart young man who has been slowly modeling himself as a leader and portray him as some horny stupid teenager who the only thing is learning is how to have sex? Some changes are ok and some are necessary as book and tv are two completely different formats and what works in books not always works on TV (for example, Sansa's inner thoughts), but some drastic changes aren't ok: those are confusing for both reader and not reader and they are a waste of time instead of giving more time to storylines that matter now and will matter later.
3552	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	The HBO show is basically a cliff notes version of the novels--with all the major plot points hit, sure--but with all the nuance, rich historical detail, mystery, and humanity taken out and replaced with cliche, a serious misunderstanding of George's created world, a heavy-handed dumbed-down plot, and richness of character jettisoned for stereotypical blandness.But not always, that is what is frustrating and perplexing.  Ned Stark was I thought spot on, same for Tyrion, Tywin, Lysa, Varys, Lord Mormont, King Robert, Theon, all of the Stark children....there are a ton of characters they've hit perfectly, even those we barely saw like Balon Greyjoy were great.  I would say this season they've had their first set of real misses...w/Mance being blanded out, I don't like Diana Rigg's QOT. There are a ton of the major plot elements and key scenes they have hit the mark on almost perfectly.  Even a lot of their deviations I thought worked generally well, like Tywin instead of Roose at Harenhall...But, what I see is increasingly they seem to be deviating from the books in terms of plot AND character just for the hell of it, maybe they've decided its cool to "surprise" the readers or something...and here is where the show falters I think because a lot of their biggest deviations to me don't make show sense, let alone book sense.  Or, they aren't even paying attention to continuity and motivation, just more of 'hey, let's put Diana Rigg and Charles Dance in a scene together...neat" and no thought of how their dialogue squares with the story details of show or book...they're looking at things as sort of stand alone scene vignettes and not how it all goes together, or something.
3553	Wall Builder	2013-05-08	Here's a legitimate nitpick (unless we're to assume that Arya is ambidextrous):
In the first episode in season 1 Arya shoots the bow and arrow right-handed but in this episode she is shooting left-handed.
I'm guessing the first scene was before Maisie learned to do things left-handed, like Arya in the books.
3554	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	Robb is an intelligent king uncheckCat is a three dimensional character uncheckBrienne is more than a little naive and not yet a brutal killer uncheckJon Snow is an interesting character uncheckMance Rayder has personality uncheckStannis is not p'whipped uncheckLoras is not Richard Simmons in armor uncheckTyrion is a gray character uncheckSansa has more than 2 brain cells uncheckLuwin explained who burned winterfell uncheckSam is a Slayer uncheckTormund had some personality uncheckThe Tyrells were not in danger of going extinct uncheckArya was well on her way to being a bad ass assasin uncheckLittlefinger was discreet uncheckShae was a money grubbing ho' uncheckFat Sam couldnt out run Walkers and Wights uncheckQuorin Halfhand was a badass uncheckthe Wildings had an actual reason to trust Jon Snow uncheckNoone had the balls to steal Dany's dragons uncheckA magician able to make multiple copies of himself doesnt bend over to look at 3 dragons uncheckHot nurses dont wander around Westeros without getting Raped and Pillaged uncheckA northern Ho' doesnt become Littlefingers Hand of the Pimp UncheckBrienne and Jamie arent expected to walk all the way to KL uncheckNo repetitive and tiresome Theon torture scenes uncheckCersei and Tyrion dont go from loving to hating each other on a chapter by chapter basis uncheckwell you get the ideaExactly....Most of us fell in love with the characters as they were written in the books; not dumbed down or thugified or whitewashed as some of them are by the show writers.   I get the feeling that the directors and writers are having streaks of 'wouldn't it be cool to have this or that character chat with this character'?  Sort of TywinItis, or OlennaVirus - the actors are so good and charismatic that half the cast must interact with them.  I did enjoy the initial meeting of Tywin and Arya and his making her his cupbearer; but the charm of that relationship rapidly paled when Tywin Lannister, who obsesses over his family's reputation and wants none of them regarded as weak or foolish, reveals his heir's childhood reading disability to a servant girl - it made no sense to me, and spoiled the scene.  And a Littlefinger who discusses his anger over being wronged by the Tullys and Brandon Stark and desire to 'fuck them all' with the hired help?  A world of No; he just wouldn't do it.  Littlefinger attained power by subtlety; not by trying to personally one-up Varys in cryptic conversations.  I suppose we should be grateful that there has been no scene where Olenna invites Tyrion over to the Tyrell bower for tea and enlists him in her Tyrell World Domination plan...yet.  I can thoroughly understand that if you're an HBO AGOT producer, you may not be able to entice Charles Dance and Diana Rigg to commit to two or three seasons without promising them more than one scene per season, but it would have made more sense for the Queen of Thorns to interact with Margaery or Sansa or Loras than Varys and Tywin (in the books, Olenna seemed to try to stay under the radar rather than show her hand openly.  Her walking around on Varys' arm must have perked up the antennae of every spy in the Keep; especially those of Littlefinger)  And I'd have paid good money for at least one scene with Tywin putting the direct smackdown on Joffrey with one line and a supercilious eyebrow.  I also worry that after enough little alterations to the actual ASoIaF story, the plot in the show will resemble the books a whole lot less instead of just a few minor differences.  The writers opted out of having Jeyne Poole be a character with more than one scene with no lines or references; who is going to be Ramsey's Fake Arya, the centerpiece of his public hold over Winterfell, and the goad of Reek/Theon's desperate attempt to escape?  (Talisa?  why would anyone care about a Stark widow of unknown family, at least the way they cared about Ned's supposed little girl)  Since Mance Rayder apparently does not have a pregnant wife, why will Sam and Gilly both be sent South of the Wall - Gilly wouldn't be needed if Jon is only trying to save Maester Aemon.  I'm still trying to figure out why Ros was needed in the show at all in terms of advancing the plot; they got along just fine without her in the books; and they totally scrapped the Tyrion/Tommen/Alayaya/Cersei chain of events from ACOK.  They hardly needed to show Joffrey making prostitutes beat each other to show what a despicable little psycho he is...And I tried not to yowl in horror when TV-Sansa was babbling about inviting her family to her wedding.  Book-Sansa was not a child prodigy, but she was bright enough to keep up a pretty solid shield of courtesy and acquiesence while inwardly observing everything that was going on and looking for ways out of persecution and captivity; she even fooled the very perceptive Tyrion.  She wouldn't want her surviving family within 1000 miles of her wedding and potential capture by the Crown unless they were coming with an army to kill the Lannisters.At least Daenerys is not disappointing this season, far from it.I do enjoy the show; but it is becoming increasingly episodic and some of those episodes make less and less sense.  (Talisa?  They could have made Jeyne Westerling older and less naive; rather than have a foreign nurse run around unprotected on battlefields and then snag the King In The North)  The directors and writers are obviously having to creatively stretch and contort to accomodate GRRM's increasingly large cast of characters; and it's showing.  In the books, all the different viewpoints, cultures, perspectives were fascinating because we could see inside their heads or from the heads of people near them; but on the show, it's just vignette after vignette with clever lines and intrigue and minimal action (which is why I so enjoyed Daenerys' going 'Dracarys' on the slavemasters with the Unsullied and Drogon; and why I'm looking forward to some bear pit action on Sunday).  Quorin, we hardly knew ye....But the fellow in the books by that name was Epic BadAss!  The Blackfish might bemoan his nephew's foolishness, but he's not going to keep threatening to slap around his liege-lord, even if Edmure is an annoying FloppyFish; he's still Hoster's son and Brynden owes him his allegiance, not blows...
3555	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	No, not really, your list is mostly opinion and nitpicks.The major characters and plot points are the same as the books.It's an adaptation of the books, its the same way when they do an adaptation of The Great Gatsby they may eliminate minor characters and scenes and change things around a bit but at the end Gatsby will still be dead and Daisy will go back to her husband.See this is where you are simply wrong.  The characters are not the same, the plot points are not the same, because they are more than just names on paper or actions that occur.  THe RW has major meaning BECAUSE we feel for the Starks, esp. Robb and Cat.  Their TV equivalents are at best not compelling and at worst, terrible people who will get what they richly deserve.  THERE is the difference.  Jon Snow' story arc this season SHOULD be about destroying the myth of the Wildings and bringing sympathy to the viewer to that group of people.  Hell even Ygritte doesnt like the Wildings.  There is nothing sympathetic or appealling about the Wildings. There most charismatic leaders are either drab (Mance) or unpleasant (Tormund).  Jon Snow has no reason to like these people.  Therefore Jon Snow is NOT the same character, even if they share a name.  I have said this for over a year.  There is nothing in TV Jon Snow that demonstrates his worth to shortly be elected to LC.  He has done nothing.  Arya becomes a FM after suffering through many nasty adventures and more importantly losing her identity step by step, her name, her appearance all change dramatically over her arc.  Not much of that has happened.  She is showing no growth, thus making her change into a FM meaningless.
3556	boojam	2013-05-08	See this is where you are simply wrong.  The characters are not the same, the plot points are not the same, because they are more than just names on paper or actions that occur.  THe RW has major meaning BECAUSE we feel for the Starks, esp. Robb and Cat.  Their TV equivalents are at best not compelling and at worst, terrible people who will get what they richly deserve.  THERE is the difference.  Jon Snow' story arc this season SHOULD be about destroying the myth of the Wildings and bringing sympathy to the viewer to that group of people.  Hell even Ygritte doesnt like the Wildings.  There is nothing sympathetic or appealling about the Wildings. There most charismatic leaders are either drab (Mance) or unpleasant (Tormund).  Jon Snow has no reason to like these people.  Therefore Jon Snow is NOT the same character, even if they share a name.  I have said this for over a year.  There is nothing in TV Jon Snow that demonstrates his worth to shortly be elected to LC.  He has done nothing.  Arya becomes a FM after suffering through many nasty adventures and more importantly losing her identity step by step, her name, her appearance all change dramatically over her arc.  Not much of that has happened.  She is showing no growth, thus making her change into a FM meaningless.Mance does not seem drab to me.Tormund is pleasant enough for being an amalgam of wilding characters.From book to page , to my eye I see some difference , one, does not see a huge perturbation to me, the global story is pretty much there , except for some small unexplained inventions,two, novel and narrative drama , I like, in different ways.Must admit going to have to get used whole rework starting season 5.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 May 2013 - 05:58 PM.
3557	White As Snow	2013-05-08	Until episode 306, I too have been pretty disappointed in how Jon Snow's storyline has played out. None of the Wildlings have any real personality other than Ygritte.We've been told that Tormund likes Jon, but he hasn't shown it yet. Same with Mance. It has felt very abridged; The Climb was the first episode it didn't. Hope it continues to regain focus.
3558	teemo	2013-05-08	Don't feed the trolls...And I'm still pretty confident that we'll see Sam the Slayer....maybe?It's an adaptation of the books, its the same way when they do an adaptation of The Great Gatsby they may eliminate minor characters and scenes and change things around a bit but at the end Gatsby will still be dead and Daisy will go back to her husband.Noooooo, I haven't read the book since I was little and am reading it again now (forgot) and I'm half through lol.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 08 May 2013 - 06:51 PM.
3559	Birdsong65	2013-05-08	Really?  Hmm.Eddard Stark is dead, check.Winterfell is burned, check.Theon is held prisoner by Ramsey Bolton, check.Stannis lost the battle of Blackwater, check.Sansa is going to marry Tyrion, check.Jamie lost his hand, check.Robb is king in the north, check.The Lannisters and Tyrells are allied, check.Renly is dead, check.Vicerys got a golden crown, check.Dany has a slave army, check.The Old Bear was killed in a mutiny, check.Cersei's children are the product of incest, check.LF is going to marry Lysa, check.Seems sort of like a faithful adaptation to me.Robb is an intelligent king uncheckCat is a three dimensional character uncheckBrienne is more than a little naive and not yet a brutal killer uncheckJon Snow is an interesting character uncheckMance Rayder has personality uncheckStannis is not p'whipped uncheckLoras is not Richard Simmons in armor uncheckTyrion is a gray character uncheckSansa has more than 2 brain cells uncheckLuwin explained who burned winterfell uncheckSam is a Slayer uncheckTormund had some personality uncheckThe Tyrells were not in danger of going extinct uncheckArya was well on her way to being a bad ass assasin uncheckLittlefinger was discreet uncheckShae was a money grubbing ho' uncheckFat Sam couldnt out run Walkers and Wights uncheckQuorin Halfhand was a badass uncheckthe Wildings had an actual reason to trust Jon Snow uncheckNoone had the balls to steal Dany's dragons uncheckA magician able to make multiple copies of himself doesnt bend over to look at 3 dragons uncheckHot nurses dont wander around Westeros without getting Raped and Pillaged uncheckA northern Ho' doesnt become Littlefingers Hand of the Pimp UncheckBrienne and Jamie arent expected to walk all the way to KL uncheckNo repetitive and tiresome Theon torture scenes uncheckCersei and Tyrion dont go from loving to hating each other on a chapter by chapter basis uncheckwell you get the idea /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />We should rename the thread "What the actual Fuck /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> ?" and dispense with semantics and vague word play of "nitpick."  Better yet, leave the "nitpicking" thread, and add the "What the actual Fuck" thread...two great tastes in one forum.I'm a problem solver. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />You are most welcome.
3560	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	Robb is an intelligent king uncheckCat is a three dimensional character uncheckBrienne is more than a little naive and not yet a brutal killer uncheckJon Snow is an interesting character uncheckMance Rayder has personality uncheckStannis is not p'whipped uncheckLoras is not Richard Simmons in armor uncheckTyrion is a gray character uncheckSansa has more than 2 brain cells uncheckLuwin explained who burned winterfell uncheckSam is a Slayer uncheckTormund had some personality uncheckThe Tyrells were not in danger of going extinct uncheckArya was well on her way to being a bad ass assasin uncheckLittlefinger was discreet uncheckShae was a money grubbing ho' uncheckFat Sam couldnt out run Walkers and Wights uncheckQuorin Halfhand was a badass uncheckthe Wildings had an actual reason to trust Jon Snow uncheckNoone had the balls to steal Dany's dragons uncheckA magician able to make multiple copies of himself doesnt bend over to look at 3 dragons uncheckHot nurses dont wander around Westeros without getting Raped and Pillaged uncheckA northern Ho' doesnt become Littlefingers Hand of the Pimp UncheckBrienne and Jamie arent expected to walk all the way to KL uncheckNo repetitive and tiresome Theon torture scenes uncheckCersei and Tyrion dont go from loving to hating each other on a chapter by chapter basis uncheckwell you get the ideaI'll play Devil's Advocate and actually answer explain what you bring up (for laughs).Robb trying to fool the Lannisters by pretending to be a stupid frat-boy.  Tywin's ROFL over Robb's being a stupid frat-boy with delusions of wolfhood.  (where's the wolf, btw?)Edmure's trying to cut down the Riverrun electric bill, so Big Sis is filling in for a lamp.Naive?  No knight or even squire is naive in Westeros (hello, Podrick, the toast of the KL whores); Brienne's amping up the brutality to fit in with the guys.Jon Snow is interesting?  When Sam's there to beef up his confidence, maybe.  Even Jon's wolf has gone AWOL on him (no doubt hanging out with Greywind while they munch on deer and complain about clueless Starklings).  Without little Arya to fawn on him or wights to fight, Jon is just another sulky boy who doesn't know how to deal with perky redhaired she-Wildlings.Hah-hah; that Mance, always such a prankster.  He's just pretending to be a boring ol' fart so that the next time he goes south to play bard at a noble's wedding (and get free food), no one will finger him as Mance Rayder.  He really knows that Jon is a double agent; but is too soft-hearted to kill the kid.Stannis is in a funk because Melisandre murdered his therapist and Oldtown hasn't sent him another one...Loras wouldn't dare put on silk gymwear and lead a Red Keep aerobics class while Granny's around, but wait 'til she goes back to Highgarden; because Loras is so much cuter than Richard Simmons and teach everyone to grow stronger!Actually, Tyrion is a red and gold character. As for grey, black or white; well, Tyrion's the true hero of ASoIaF, the future Azor Azhai/Promised Prince and King of Westeros; the showrunners are just restoring him to the greatness he was meant to have.  Sansa "I can't remember my sister attacking my boyfriend and which wolf did what" Stark has more than 2 brain cells?  Sansa, who snitched her daddy's plans so she could stay with her psycho boyfriend.  Well, alright, Sansa has 3 whole brain cells.  Clearly in the same family as supersmart mystical Bran and fan-darling Arya only by courtesy.  Obviously wants to invite Mummy and Big Brother to her wedding so she can sob all the harder when she learns about the other wedding, the Red one.Dear old Maester Luwin couldn't tell the kids who burned Winterfell because he only had a few more moments of life left and it was more important that he remind Rickon to wash his ears or whatnot than to mention which enemies destroyed the Stark stronghold.Sam's not Buffy.Tormund mislaid his personality in the same place as Mance lost his.  Jeez; these Wildling men just can't be trusted out of the house on their own; they just lose themselves.Wellllll, both Tywin and Olenna are pretty old (over 50), so obviously dementia is setting in and they forgot that Lord Tyrell has two other sons at home.Arya's loaned most of her brain cells to Sansa (who lost them), so she thinks that jumping up and down in an effort to terrorize the Hound is a demonstration of assassin potential.  (Hound would have laughed, but he was trying to avoid a flaming sword at the time)Littlefinger's really not a subtle, dangerous embezzler, power-broker and chaos-bringer; he's actually a front; Dontos is the brains of the operation.  LF killed him in the book because he wanted their fortune for himself, as well as Sansa Stark.Shae a money-grubbing ho?  No, she's truly a working girl with a heart of gold, not a heart for gold.  No prostitutes are ever greedy or untrustworthy.Sam's been working out!  He's actually an Olympic qualifying runner.  Quorin was an old meanie who bullied sweet Jon Snow.Of course the Wildlings had every reason to trust Jon Snow - those pretty black curls, nice clean teeth, soft brown eyes; wouldn't you trust such a nice boy?The Warlocks of Quarth actually demonstrated initiative, and a determination to buck the status quo of hereditary familial prestige by stealing dragons from a Targaryen.  Of course, the evil dragon-witch went postal on the saintly warlocks and reclaimed her dangerous weapons of mass destruction.Pyat Pree had studied dragons for years and was impatient to examine them; and thought it would be safest to do that when the dragons' 'mother' was present; he was actually trying to be humane, poor guy.Obviously Talisa is a secret wizard and can shoot lightning from her fingertips to protect herself as she wanders the battlefields of Westeros; and wanted to spare Robb's fragile ego by telling him of her wondrous powers.Littlefinger was being a progressive and liberal employer, choosing an assistant from among the ranks of his prostitutes rather than getting a trained secretary; and ungrateful Ros betrayed his kindness by betraying his secrets to Varys and Shae.Jaime needed to walk because he was out of shape after months of imprisonment; Brienne kindly consented to a longer trip.As for Theon's repetitive torture scenes; well, Ramsey's still learning to be a skilled torturer; he needs the practice (and wants to impress his father).   We all know how much Cersei and Jaime love their family.  When they're not loving their family, they're kissing their cousins (Cersei/Lancel) or killing them (Jaime/"Alton").   And since Jaime loves Tyrion, Cersei probably does too.  When she's not hating him.  She and Tyrion alternate feelings with the months of the year.(actually, Sansa is one of my favorite characters in the book; and I loved your list; was just trying to emphasize what you said)
3561	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-08	Where the FUCK are Val and mini-Mance? That is going to be an extremely large part of the story. That isn't even just a little bit of flavor or characterization that is lost - it is going to alter some major plot lines down the road.
					
					
							Edited by Lucifer Lightbringer, 08 May 2013 - 08:55 PM.
3562	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	Where the FUCK are Val and mini-Mance? That is going to be an extremely large part of the story. That isn't even just a little bit of flavor or characterization that is lost - it is going to alter some major plot lines down the road.They're hanging out with Jeyne Poole in the Vault of Lost ASoIaF Characters.
3563	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-05-08	18 pages of bitching... poor guys /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
3564	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	I'll play Devil's Advocate and actually answer explain what you bring up (for laughs).Robb trying to fool the Lannisters by pretending to be a stupid frat-boy.  Tywin's ROFL over Robb's being a stupid frat-boy with delusions of wolfhood.  (where's the wolf, btw?)Edmure's trying to cut down the Riverrun electric bill, so Big Sis is filling in for a lamp.Naive?  No knight or even squire is naive in Westeros (hello, Podrick, the toast of the KL whores); Brienne's amping up the brutality to fit in with the guys.Jon Snow is interesting?  When Sam's there to beef up his confidence, maybe.  Even Jon's wolf has gone AWOL on him (no doubt hanging out with Greywind while they munch on deer and complain about clueless Starklings).  Without little Arya to fawn on him or wights to fight, Jon is just another sulky boy who doesn't know how to deal with perky redhaired she-Wildlings.Hah-hah; that Mance, always such a prankster.  He's just pretending to be a boring ol' fart so that the next time he goes south to play bard at a noble's wedding (and get free food), no one will finger him as Mance Rayder.  He really knows that Jon is a double agent; but is too soft-hearted to kill the kid.Stannis is in a funk because Melisandre murdered his therapist and Oldtown hasn't sent him another one...Loras wouldn't dare put on silk gymwear and lead a Red Keep aerobics class while Granny's around, but wait 'til she goes back to Highgarden; because Loras is so much cuter than Richard Simmons and teach everyone to grow stronger!Actually, Tyrion is a red and gold character. As for grey, black or white; well, Tyrion's the true hero of ASoIaF, the future Azor Azhai/Promised Prince and King of Westeros; the showrunners are just restoring him to the greatness he was meant to have.  Sansa "I can't remember my sister attacking my boyfriend and which wolf did what" Stark has more than 2 brain cells?  Sansa, who snitched her daddy's plans so she could stay with her psycho boyfriend.  Well, alright, Sansa has 3 whole brain cells.  Clearly in the same family as supersmart mystical Bran and fan-darling Arya only by courtesy.  Obviously wants to invite Mummy and Big Brother to her wedding so she can sob all the harder when she learns about the other wedding, the Red one.Dear old Maester Luwin couldn't tell the kids who burned Winterfell because he only had a few more moments of life left and it was more important that he remind Rickon to wash his ears or whatnot than to mention which enemies destroyed the Stark stronghold.Sam's not Buffy.Tormund mislaid his personality in the same place as Mance lost his.  Jeez; these Wildling men just can't be trusted out of the house on their own; they just lose themselves.Wellllll, both Tywin and Olenna are pretty old (over 50), so obviously dementia is setting in and they forgot that Lord Tyrell has two other sons at home.Arya's loaned most of her brain cells to Sansa (who lost them), so she thinks that jumping up and down in an effort to terrorize the Hound is a demonstration of assassin potential.  (Hound would have laughed, but he was trying to avoid a flaming sword at the time)Littlefinger's really not a subtle, dangerous embezzler, power-broker and chaos-bringer; he's actually a front; Dontos is the brains of the operation.  LF killed him in the book because he wanted their fortune for himself, as well as Sansa Stark.Shae a money-grubbing ho?  No, she's truly a working girl with a heart of gold, not a heart for gold.  No prostitutes are ever greedy or untrustworthy.Sam's been working out!  He's actually an Olympic qualifying runner.  Quorin was an old meanie who bullied sweet Jon Snow.Of course the Wildlings had every reason to trust Jon Snow - those pretty black curls, nice clean teeth, soft brown eyes; wouldn't you trust such a nice boy?The Warlocks of Quarth actually demonstrated initiative, and a determination to buck the status quo of hereditary familial prestige by stealing dragons from a Targaryen.  Of course, the evil dragon-witch went postal on the saintly warlocks and reclaimed her dangerous weapons of mass destruction.Pyat Pree had studied dragons for years and was impatient to examine them; and thought it would be safest to do that when the dragons' 'mother' was present; he was actually trying to be humane, poor guy.Obviously Talisa is a secret wizard and can shoot lightning from her fingertips to protect herself as she wanders the battlefields of Westeros; and wanted to spare Robb's fragile ego by telling him of her wondrous powers.Littlefinger was being a progressive and liberal employer, choosing an assistant from among the ranks of his prostitutes rather than getting a trained secretary; and ungrateful Ros betrayed his kindness by betraying his secrets to Varys and Shae.Jaime needed to walk because he was out of shape after months of imprisonment; Brienne kindly consented to a longer trip.As for Theon's repetitive torture scenes; well, Ramsey's still learning to be a skilled torturer; he needs the practice (and wants to impress his father).   We all know how much Cersei and Jaime love their family.  When they're not loving their family, they're kissing their cousins (Cersei/Lancel) or killing them (Jaime/"Alton").   And since Jaime loves Tyrion, Cersei probably does too.  When she's not hating him.  She and Tyrion alternate feelings with the months of the year.(actually, Sansa is one of my favorite characters in the book; and I loved your list; was just trying to emphasize what you said)Thanks I needed that /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />)
3565	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	18 pages of bitching... poor guyswell there are only 349 posts and 61632 members so that really is only 0.005662 posts per poster so that really aint all that much bitching the scheme of things.
3566	teemo	2013-05-08	well there are only 349 posts and 61632 members so that really is only 0.005662 posts per poster so that really aint all that much bitching the scheme of things. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3567	boojam	2013-05-08	Where the FUCK are Val and mini-Mance? That is going to be an extremely large part of the story. That isn't even just a little bit of flavor or characterization that is lost - it is going to alter some major plot lines down the road.Lost in the budget.
3568	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-08	I don't think the small number of Wildlings to make it to the top of the wall is a big deal.
In the books, those who make it to the top let down rope ladders, then the rest of the raiding party comes over.
They aren't going to be attacking Castle Black with four people.
3569	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-08	Lost in the budget.Maybe if they didn't feel so compelled to write nudity clauses, they could shift a little of their boob money to show some concern over the actual story. Not all the boob money. Maybe 10%.
3570	The Bear	2013-05-08	Maybe if they didn't feel so compelled to write nudity clauses, they could shift a little of their boob money to show some concern over the actual story. Not all the boob money. Maybe 10%.Surely 10% of the boob budget would get us at least a Mini-Mance and a Val, you would think. Probably the whole RW too...
3571	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-08	Who<U+0080><U+0099>s been insulting and offending Joffrey? Don<U+0080><U+0099>t worry my dear Joff. I<U+0080><U+0099>ve come in your defense!!Joffrey tried to have Bran killed, killed Ned. And you think he wouldn't kill a prostitute?Who cares? He is who is and that's all that matters. Some people are just born evil.And it's not like Joffrey had it that rough growing up. He was born into royalty FFS. There are people that go through waaay worse and don't turn into sadistic monsters.Well, I dont think it was Cersei's influence that made him cut those kittens out of that cat. He's pretty much evil by nature, as well as by nurture.A lot of people had neglectful fathers. That alone won't turn you into the evil that Joffrey has become.No, Joffrey is a born monster.Tommen had the same father...Dude the cat gutting is a perfect example of pure psycho behavior. Nothing could have been done to save Joffrey.Actually no, he cut the cat open when someone told him there were kittens inside and he wanted to see them. When he found them, he showed them to his father. The emphasis in the story was not on his doing it "for" his father but because his mind thought it would be interesting.The Bran incident is not too different. He overhears his father say it would be a  mercy for Bran to die, and again, Joffrey's brain says, "Yeah, that's a good idea." The implication is that Joffrey is psychotic and doesn't need much to undertake gruesome actions. Spending more time with his father could only lead to trouble, since Robert is no angel to begin with.I believe Joffrey is not the <U+0080><U+009C>monster<U+0080><U+009D> everybody claims he is for no reason. Joff was probably born a little bit mentally-ill because of the incest. However, not everybody that has a mental illness becomes a <U+0080><U+009C>monster<U+0080><U+009D>. Joffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s upbringing definitely had a big influence, and played a big role.We see that Joffrey sees Robert as a father figure, as a King, as an example to follow. He says to Tywin that his father was the hero of the war, and that Tywin was a coward. The problem is that Robert was a terrible King, father and husband, a bad influence, and never paid attention to Joff.  Joffrey was constantly seeking Robert<U+0080><U+0099>s attention and approval, and learned many bad <U+0080><U+009C>habits<U+0080><U+009D> from Robert.When Joff was a little kid, he killed the cat. He killed her because she was pregnant and Joff wanted to see the little kittens. Kids don<U+0080><U+0099>t measure their strength and don<U+0080><U+0099>t understand death (the little brother of a friend had a little chicken; he gave it a bath, and then wrung it. You can imagine what happened). Joff didn<U+0080><U+0099>t know the cat was going to die. He just wanted to take the little kittens out to see them. Then he takes the cat to Robert. He didn<U+0080><U+0099>t do it for Bob. But he wanted to show Bob what he had done. In Joff<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes it was an achievement: he got the kittens out! Instead of explaining things to Joff, what does Robert do? He beats Joff bloody.  This is probably not the only time that Robert ever hit Joff.Cersei is also a terrible mother; she on the other hand, is always reassuring and spoiling Joff. She tells him everything he does is right. She wants him to be fierce, wild, reckless, and uncontrollable. She thinks that is the way a King should be. In AFfC we see that Cersei doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t like that Tommen is very easy to <U+0080><U+009C>cow<U+0080><U+009D>.What happens here is that Joff grows up believing everything he does is right, and reacting with violence. He thinks that if someone disagrees with him, then he has to hurt them physically to make them understand. An example would be the hitting of Sansa, and the peasants he shot with his crossbow. The peasants where asking for bread and yelling IIRC. He wanted them to shut up, so he reacted with violence to make it happen: he shot them.The violence would be something he picked up from Robert, but is not the only thing. Many people forget that when the Nymeria incident happened, Joff was drunk. He was also heavily drinking in his wedding. During Sansa<U+0080><U+0099>s wedding with Tyrion, Joffrey tells her that he can have sex with her if he wants. Joffrey sent the man with the dagger to kill Bran after hearing Bob saying that it would be a mercy to kill him. Joff wanted to impress Robert. Joff (consciously or unconsciously), always seeking for approval, had been trying to fulfill Robert<U+0080><U+0099>s <U+0080><U+009C>standards<U+0080><U+009D>: violence, drinking, whoring, and Bran.In fact, if you really think about it, Joff doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t act without being provoked. He always has a reason to do what he does. He attacked Mycah because he was <U+0080><U+009C>rescuing<U+0080><U+009D> Arya; Sansa and the peasants for defying him; he ridiculed Tyrion because Tyrion did the same to him before. He orders Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s execution because like he said, he is not going let traitors live during his reign, and was probably under the influence of Petyr.  It<U+0080><U+0099>s not like if Joff wakes up one day and says to himself: <U+0080><U+009C>mmm, I haven<U+0080><U+0099>t killed anybody with my new crossbow. I need to kill someone. I<U+0080><U+0099>ll summon the Pimp and tell him to bring me one of his whores to try this beauty.<U+0080><U+009D>If you<U+0080><U+0099>re wondering then why Tommen and Myrcella don<U+0080><U+0099>t act the same way, well there<U+0080><U+0099>s a difference sinse Joff is the crown prince. He grew up knowing that some day he will become King. He looks at Robert to see how he is supposed to act. Cersei protects him more, and molds him to act the way she thinks a King should be. Also, Joff grew up with the Hound, another violent and terrible figure and example to follow.So I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think Joff is a <U+0080><U+009C>monster<U+0080><U+009D> or a <U+0080><U+009C>little piece of shit<U+0080><U+009D>. He is just a kid who had a terrible upbringing and maybe a mental illness. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t like that he killed Ros. I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t like Ros, but I had grown kind of fond of her in this season. She didn<U+0080><U+0099>t deserve to die like that. That was even beyond Joff. That was out of character for Joff. Well I guess is perfectly in character with show Joff, but not with the book Joff I know and love. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />PS: This is my 300 post and I dedicate in the memory of Joffrey. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  Joff who died in the year 300 AL /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3572	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-08	18 pages of bitching...And proud of it. Come on guys let's get to 20!!
3573	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	I agree with everything you said, esp about Ramsay! I nitpicked about this over on the Roose Bolton board. Everyone loves Ramsay on the show so I'm totally in the minority when I say I don't. It's like a weird little school boy vice or something. His demeanor, everything about him I cannot take seriously.The seizing Jojen thing was a major wtf moment.I totally tilted my head at the screen when Sansa asked that question.I think you're the first person ever to say "my Joff" lol. But this is the point I was trying to make in my previous posts... he's totally sick and sadistic and evil but I don't think he would have the guts to kill someone HIMSELF.Thank you for reminding me of the Horn. Totally forgot about that!The Blackfish is cool and all but it irritates me how mean he is to Edmure.Theon is basically the emblem for House Bolton, by now I hope the unsullied watchers have guessed where he is by now. Either way, this whole Where is Theon/Who is that guy thing is dragging on way too long.True.. I always wonder about how the villains became who they are. No doubt it my mind that TV Joff is way more evil than book Joff... just like that scene they added in s2 with him forcing the prostitutes to beat each other (well damn, if i was Ros, I would have left kings landing then!). I remember in one of the books they talk about a time where he cuts open a live, pregnant cat and brought it to his father (Robert, lol, not the real one!) looking to seek approval.. I don't know why he thought this would seek Robert's approval, but Robert pretty much punches him in the face or something. I'm always fascinated by the villains and want to know their backstory.But the "my Joff" comment was just funny to me, because I'd never heard it before. We all have our favorite villain or whatever but I have never heard anyone say that they like Joff! I'm not saying anything negative about liking Joff, I'm simply just acknowledging that I'd never heard it before! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Hahaha. Really? Am I the first one? Don't worry, no offense taken /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I've always found villians more fascinating than heroes. I think they are misunderstood. I literally shed some tears when Viserys, Joffrey, and Tywin died /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Re: Ramsay's voice. Yeah, I totally agree with you. I think we are the only two that don't like it. I think the actor is great, and a love his psycho faces. The voice Ramsay was using when he was "helping" Theon was perfect, I don't know why he changed it. Ramsay sounds like a kindergarden kid with that voice. I just... I just cannot take him seriously. Ramsay just sounds so pathetic.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 09 May 2013 - 05:40 AM.
3574	FierceElite	2013-05-09	Robb is an intelligent king uncheckCat is a three dimensional character uncheckBrienne is more than a little naive and not yet a brutal killer uncheckJon Snow is an interesting character uncheckMance Rayder has personality uncheckStannis is not p'whipped uncheckLoras is not Richard Simmons in armor uncheckTyrion is a gray character uncheckSansa has more than 2 brain cells uncheckLuwin explained who burned winterfell uncheckSam is a Slayer uncheckTormund had some personality uncheckThe Tyrells were not in danger of going extinct uncheckArya was well on her way to being a bad ass assasin uncheckLittlefinger was discreet uncheckShae was a money grubbing ho' uncheckFat Sam couldnt out run Walkers and Wights uncheckQuorin Halfhand was a badass uncheckthe Wildings had an actual reason to trust Jon Snow uncheckNoone had the balls to steal Dany's dragons uncheckA magician able to make multiple copies of himself doesnt bend over to look at 3 dragons uncheckHot nurses dont wander around Westeros without getting Raped and Pillaged uncheckA northern Ho' doesnt become Littlefingers Hand of the Pimp UncheckBrienne and Jamie arent expected to walk all the way to KL uncheckNo repetitive and tiresome Theon torture scenes uncheckCersei and Tyrion dont go from loving to hating each other on a chapter by chapter basis uncheckwell you get the ideaThis site used to have a "Like" feature. Where'd that go?
3575	Ran	2013-05-09	It's not well-coded and regularly brought the server to a halt because of it, so we've turned it off until it's improved on.
3576	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	Where the FUCK are Val and mini-Mance? That is going to be an extremely large part of the story. That isn't even just a little bit of flavor or characterization that is lost - it is going to alter some major plot lines down the road.How in the hell are those two important??? Those two are some of the easiest characters to cut, because they just arent important. They can easily replace whatever impact they've had on the books so far.
3577	congokong	2013-05-09	How in the hell are those two important??? Those two are some of the easiest characters to cut, because they just arent important. They can easily replace whatever impact they've had on the books so far.Yeah, I'm a little more concerned about Jeyne Poole. I suppose they can just put some random girl in her place, but the Theon/Jeyne dynamic will lose some of its thunder. That ship has sailed though.
3578	teemo	2013-05-09	Yeah, I'm a little more concerned about Jeyne Poole. I suppose they can just put some random girl in her place, but the Theon/Jeyne dynamic will lose some of its thunder. That ship has sailed though.At least the Ros/Jeyne Poole theory is dead now...
3579	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-09	Yeah, I'm a little more concerned about Jeyne Poole. I suppose they can just put some random girl in her place, but the Theon/Jeyne dynamic will lose some of its thunder. That ship has sailed though.And what prevents them from introducing Jeyne Poole? I don't remember what happened to her in the show.
3580	congokong	2013-05-09	And what prevents them from introducing Jeyne Poole? I don't remember what happened to her in the show.She was never in the show. When she's finally introduced, she'll just be some girl we never heard of before.
3581	BlackStark	2013-05-09	I don't think the small number of Wildlings to make it to the top of the wall is a big deal.In the books, those who make it to the top let down rope ladders, then the rest of the raiding party comes over.They aren't going to be attacking Castle Black with four people.I think the fact that Tormund is the one leading the climbing party is also a big deal...is Jon supposed to take him captive at some point?  Will he sneak back through the Wall for the Wilding assault?
3582	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-09	I think the fact that Tormund is the one leading the climbing party is also a big deal...is Jon supposed to take him captive at some point?  Will he sneak back through the Wall for the Wilding assault?I bet that he will indeed take Tormund captive.
3583	Dove	2013-05-09	She was never in the show. When she's finally introduced, she'll just be some girl we never heard of before.Technically she was, there was an extra in a few Sansa scenes in S1 that fit Jeyne's description and was obviously meant to be representative of her. It's not like they can't just cast someone down the line and transition her into the show, just like they did with Beric or any of the others that had delayed appearances.
3584	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-09	Technically she was, there was an extra in a few Sansa scenes in S1 that fit Jeyne's description and was obviously meant to be representative of her. It's not like they can't just cast someone down the line and transition her into the show, just like they did with Beric or any of the others that had delayed appearances.That is true. There was a glimpse of her just like with Berric Dondarrion. Honestly, I don't think that will be a problem. However, it is not unlikely for them to decide changing this part of the story.
3585	Dove	2013-05-09	Yeah, when it comes down to it the Jeyne character is so minor she can easily be changed. I do hope they keep the core of that story alive, but the exact identity of the bride doesn't matter that much.
.... although for the record the "Talisa as Jeyne" theory kind of makes me cringe a little bit. Hoping it's not that at least, haha.
(kind of funny to have two threads in the same sub-forum talking about Jeyne Poole of all characters at the same time, I had to keep double-checking to make sure I was responding to the right one)
3586	teemo	2013-05-09	Yeah, that was Jeyne Poole. Was confirmed if you listened to that episode with commentary on.
3587	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	Jeyne Poole was always going to be a big problem for the show, as having an extremely minor character reappear after 4 or 5 seasons would be incredibly confusing to audiences. They could have kept her as a background character with a few lines every few episodes, but that ship has sailed. I guess their just going to have to invent a character (I dont think Talisa will survive the RW) with enough background knowledge to pass as Arya.
3588	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-09	She was never in the show. When she's finally introduced, she'll just be some girl we never heard of before.She was, but I don't think she ever left Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 09 May 2013 - 03:04 PM.
3589	lunadangelo	2013-05-09	The definition of nitpick: "be overly critical; criticize minor details." This is less of a nitpicking thread and more of an all-out hatred thread. Here's an example of nitpicking:Roose Bolton said, "You should have learned by now not to overplay your... position." During the beat, he glanced down at Jaime's hand, which suggests he was going to use the idiom 'to overplay your hand.' This is a saying that originated in America around playing cards, likely a variation of poker. I do not believe they play poker in Westeros.This is not what most of you are doing. If you really hate the show that much, for your sake and ours, please stop watching. If you want to nitpick, nitpick away, but try and actually do it properly. I am sorry if you classify this as repercussions.
3590	lunadangelo	2013-05-09	Whilst I agree about the definition of nit picking, I do feel that your conclusion lacks sense.This site is for the lovers of asoiaf, hence the website title, not Game of Thrones.  This particular thread is for asoiaf  fans who are also keen to see it televised. They should be able to air their opinions small or large, as to how they feel the contents has been translated to television.If you just love the show and do not know the books or do not care how those books are translated to the screen, stay on the HBO Game of Thrones site, rather than bother those who love the books.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 09 May 2013 - 05:24 PM.
3591	congokong	2013-05-09	She was, but I don't think she ever left Winterfell.In the books? She went south with Ned, Sansa, and Arya. In the show I didn't even realize there was a Jeyne. She's never referred to by name.
3592	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	Did she even have any lines? I don't remember. I do remember she was never referred to by name on screen. If you didn't buy the DVD and didn't listen to the commentary, then you'll have no idea who Jeyne Poole is.
When season 1 aired ADwD hadn't been published l. I guess they thought she would never appear again. So I guess that's why she was cut. Didn't Martin start revealing his secrets to them after season 1?
3593	teemo	2013-05-09	No, I don't think she had any lines.  You'd only know if you heard the commentary.
3594	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-10	Part of me wants Littlefinger to have actually recognized Arya at Harrenhal, and to somehow find her and return her to the Boltons, simply to see the shitstorm that follows on these boards /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3595	GentlemanBastard	2013-05-10	Overall I've got to say that this whole TV series is really just turning into a massive pile of littlefinger's sheep pellets.
At this point the only things I'm going to be sure of are:
Robb Stark dies this season, with or without any Stark and Tully bannermen at a wedding
Gendry's Stannis' and by extension Brienne's Jon's and Arya's arcs are pretty badly damaged because of the directors trying to cut corners by sending Mel to the riverlands and buying Gendry.
There's a pretty gods damned good chance that Tormund Giantsbane will die this season without ever being remotely likeable or telling any of his epic stories
The Onion Knight will probably get out of jail, but they're probably going to make it seem like Shireen got him out
I'm having trouble staying tuned in to be honest. I've read the whole series roundabout 4 times so stuff really shouldn't surprise me, but every time I tune in they rip out or water down one important event and add something else that contributes in no way to the story. Season 1 was a pretty close to perfect adaptation of Game of Thrones. Season 2 was more or less faithful to the westeros portion of the series, but threw Dany under the bus so hard that my I've got a buddy who hasn't read the books who hates her for the wrong reasons. I'm not really a Dany hater myself but I can see why people hate her. He hates her because he thinks she's entitled and freaked out when Pyat Pree took her dragons and killed all her servants... WHICH NEVER FUCKING HAPPENED IN THE BOOKS. The house of the undying is likely one of the most important chapters for Dany and they ran out of time so it turned from a lsd trip from hell full of prophecy and foreshadowing to some batty old warlock trying to do some kinky stuff to some blonde chick in a tower with no doors.
3596	I'm_Tim	2013-05-11	If you bring this up on any other thread they will tell you that they are using the same formula as season 1, and that these changes are necessary.That's BS. My belief is that the writers decided to stray from the books because they want to be writers, not copy/cut/paste workers the way they largely were in season 1.Maybe they want to correct parts of the book that are fucking stupid?
3597	Ampris	2013-05-11	Guess I'm the only one who enjoys seeing showSansa being so stupid. I mean, okay, she's not THAT stupid in the books, but she does have a lot of naivete. There are more "Sansa is an idiot" type threads than I can count. Honestly, it feels to me like the writers are making a caricature of her in homage to the people who point out her book stupidity. Kind of like, "Oh, you thought she was dumb in the book? Let's have her hope that her rebelling family can come to her wedding." I interpreted it as the writers laughing at us.
3598	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-05-11	"Gendry's Stannis' and by extension Brienne's Jon's and Arya's arcs are pretty badly damaged because of the directors trying to cut corners by sending Mel to the riverlands and buying Gendry.There's a pretty gods damned good chance that Tormund Giantsbane will die this season without ever being remotely likeable or telling any of his epic storiest"I thought that was a briliant move. Just my opinion.I think it's been mentioned somewhere that Tormund gets back to Mance with a look of failure on his face.I absolutely hate that the Karstarks are half of Robb's army and that there aren't any Lords to show how well-loved Robb is by everyone else. Also, the Freys have 10,000 men? WTH?
3599	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	Maybe they want to correct parts of the book that are fucking stupid?Whoa mate, you don't want to wake the dragon, do you?(I agree with you)
3600	protar	2013-05-11	Whoa mate, you don't want to wake the dragon, do you?(I agree with you)Really? What parts of the book do you think are stupid may I ask?
					
					
							Edited by protar, 11 May 2013 - 06:54 AM.
3601	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	Really? What parts of the book do you think are stupid may I ask?That was actually overstating, so I'm going to change my statement: some parts are definitely weak.The whole resurrection thing is bad; the most wonderful thing in the series was that death was final and almost random. You had to be ready to lose in a second one of your favourite characters. Now everyone is hoping Mel takes Jon back in book 6 (including me).The whole Bran-becomes-an-omniscent-tree-man is maybe even worse. The Children of the Forest hugely contributing. I loved how George managed to create a wonderful fantasy story almost without fantastical creatures. I didn't feel the need for fucking wood elves.Dany in Mereen was excruciating, I think we all concur.Robb shagging a girl right after being told how his brothers were killed, their corpses burnt. If anyone in real life can do that, I'd say he needs professional help.  The show has given a different vision of Robb's story, which, although not top notch, I consider better than in the books.That is not all, although I think I made myself clear.Of course there's no way the show can change all of that (except maybe Mereen). I don't even want the showrunners to change the parts I liked less. But I am very fond of streamlining characters and events, and I think the show is doing that perfectly.Still, kudos to George. Best fantasy story ever written, far superior than Tolkien, to me.EDIT: I just realized I missed the most important thing: food lists. Now THAT is stupid. Pages and pages of list of food. If George does that for the sake of realism, hell, target missed. People complained about 3 minutes, divided in two episodes, of jokes about Podrick's ability with women. What about tens of pages of dish names, then?
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 11 May 2013 - 07:44 AM.
3602	Ran	2013-05-11	Dany in Mereen was excruciating, I think we all concur. No.
3603	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	No.My condolencies!
3604	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-11	Dany in Mereen was excruciating, I think we all concur. It was deliberately frustrating, which only increased the impact of Dany's flight on Drogon - which is probably the best moment of the series so far IMO.
3605	Ran	2013-05-11	Thank you. Being literate has proved a terrible burden for me.
3606	Tysha Lannister	2013-05-11	Did anyone else LAUGH OUT LOUD when The Queen of Thornes referred to Loras as a "sword swallower"????  I just about died!
3607	Ran	2013-05-11	Too juvenile for my tastes, but I know others found it funny.
3608	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	It was deliberately frustrating, which only increased the impact of Dany's flight on Drogon - which is probably the best moment of the series so far IMO.You know, I think you are right. Anyhow, Mereen was the least of the flaws the books has. Which are of course, a handful, nothing more.Thank you. Being literate has proved a terrible burden for me.I don't think I get what you're saying, Ran!
3609	protar	2013-05-11	That was actually overstating, so I'm going to change my statement: some parts are definitely weak.The whole resurrection thing is bad; the most wonderful thing in the series was that death was final and almost random. You had to be ready to lose in a second one of your favourite characters. Now everyone is hoping Mel takes Jon back in book 6 (including me).I disagree. I actually applaud Martin's treatment of resurrection, which is well established as having actual, very serious costs. I know most people are dreading the idea of Unjon because of those very costs.The whole Bran-becomes-an-omniscent-tree-man is maybe even worse. The Children of the Forest hugely contributing. I loved how George managed to create a wonderful fantasy story almost without fantastical creatures. I didn't feel the need for fucking wood elves.Bran is (so far) not an omniscient tree-man, and again if he does become that the price of such a thing is well established. If you didn't want "wood elves" maybe you should have paid a bit more attention to the first 4 books, were said "wood elves" are mentioned and foreshadowed extensively to the point that I don't see how anyone could be surprised that we ended up meeting them.Dany in Mereen was excruciating, I think we all concur.It wasn't my favourite plot line, but I think people exaggerate just how bad it was. There are some very chilling (Hazzea's bones) and amazing (Daznak's Pit) scenes in that plotline.Robb shagging a girl right after being told how his brothers were killed, their corpses burnt. If anyone in real life can do that, I'd say he needs professional help.  The show has given a different vision of Robb's story, which, although not top notch, I consider better than in the books.Ugh, I hate it when D+D fans try to justify Talisa by making out Robb was some sick freak for how he reacted to the news of his brother's "deaths". The way people talk about it it's like Robb was turned on by the news. He wasn't of course, he simply wanted comforting. Sex is a very natural desire when you're upset.Jeyne/Robb was a better story because it was not your traditional romance, and it makes it all the more tragic. Talisa is cliche and poorly written, not to even get into how much it disrespects Martin who has specifically said he hates that kind of character. If you like Talisa more, than I'm not going to stop you obviously, but from your post it seems to me like you enjoy it just because it's more conventional and comfortable. Which is kind of an odd preference to have with this series.That is not all, although I think I made myself clear.Of course there's no way the show can change all of that (except maybe Mereen). I don't even want the showrunners to change the parts I liked less. But I am very fond of streamlining characters and events, and I think the show is doing that perfectly.I don't think they've done that perfectly. Tally up the changes and I'll think you'll find most of them either take up the same amount of time, or take up more time than what's in the books. If they actually did some streamlining I would be fine with it.Still, kudos to George. Best fantasy story ever written, far superior than Tolkien, to me.EDIT: I just realized I missed the most important thing: food lists. Now THAT is stupid. Pages and pages of list of food. If George does that for the sake of realism, hell, target missed. People complained about 3 minutes, divided in two episodes, of jokes about Podrick's ability with women. What about tens of pages of dish names, then?The food lists are mouth-wateringly awesome, and a testament to George's descriptive skill. You can't compare them to the brothel scenes on the show in any way. Martin can spend as many pages as he likes on a book short of going into the thousands. D+D on the other hand have 10 hours to adapt each book. There's no time for pointless minutae.All in all, only one of the items you've mentioned has been handled by D+D in any way so far and imo they made a complete botch of it. I don't think the books are perfect, but D+D should definitely start being a bit more objective about when they make adjustments.
3610	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-11	That was actually overstating, so I'm going to change my statement: some parts are definitely weak.Good that you were actually overstating and changed your stament. So now it would be :Maybe they want to correct parts of the book that are fucking stupid weak?Correct? Are they, really?The whole resurrection thing is bad; the most wonderful thing in the series was that death was final and almost random. You had to be ready to lose in a second one of your favourite characters. Now everyone is hoping Mel takes Jon back in book 6 (including me).I can see why people don't like resurrections, But I don't have any problems with them. I would have problems if they hadn't been introduced since the prologue of the first book. I would have problems if they were costless, but they are not. Beric was losing his own self. With every resurrection he was becoming less and less human, he couldn't even remember his betrothed any more. Thoros was also getting weaker. Beric died resurrecting Catelyn. Catelyn is not herself anymore. Wights are not people. I think Jon is going to come back, but to be honest I doubt he will be exactly as he used to be.But is the show "correcting" this "weak" part? No. They kept it.The whole Bran-becomes-an-omniscent-tree-man is maybe even worse. The Children of the Forest hugely contributing. I loved how George managed to create a wonderful fantasy story almost without fantastical creatures. I didn't feel the need for fucking wood elves.Almost without fantastical creatures? What are the Others? And the CotF had been mentioned since the first book. I can understand why people don't like it, but we all knew magic was coming back, and that it would only get stronger. Everybody knew what they were getting into.And again is the show "correcting" this "weak" part? No. They are going to keep it (thanks God)Dany in Mereen was excruciating, I think we all concur.Definitely not my favorite part of the story, but I didn't hate Meereen like many people did. Yes, it was frustrating, but I think it was necessary for what is coming. Although I don't blame people for hating it.I don't know if they are going to skip this. They'll definitely make it shorter, but I doubt they will completely skip this. I guess that would be the only minor "correction" so far. (not a "correction" in my opinion but whaterver)Robb shagging a girl right after being told how his brothers were killed, their corpses burnt. If anyone in real life can do that, I'd say he needs professional help.  The show has given a different vision of Robb's story, which, although not top notch, I consider better than in the books.The show gave a different version, but was it really better? I thought Robb was a fool for what he did in the books. But I think show Robb is even a more stupid fool. At least book Robb tried to keep some kind of honor (Jeyne's honor) and did it when he was most vulnerable. Oh and "Bran and Rickon's corpses" weren't burnt in the books /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />. But show Robb basically said "screw everybody I don't want to marry a Frey, I'll marry Talisa just because I want and my mom doesn't have honor".That is not all, although I think I made myself clear.Not to me.Of course there's no way the show can change all of that (except maybe Mereen). I don't even want the showrunners to change the parts I liked less. But I am very fond of streamlining characters and events, and I think the show is doing that perfectly.Streamlining it's fine. But changing characters complete personalities for no reason? It's not fine. Because budget is not an excuse for doing that, and neither is time sice they are actually shortening the book's scenes just to add their own scenes, which many times are not good, and don't advance or contribute with the story. (Pod's joke /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> )So, tell me again exactly what have/are they "correcting"?Still, kudos to George. Best fantasy story ever written, far superior than Tolkien, to me.Agreed /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 11 May 2013 - 08:14 AM.
3611	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-11	Did anyone else LAUGH OUT LOUD when The Queen of Thornes referred to Loras as a "sword swallower"????  I just about died! It wasn't exactly an original joke, nor was it particularly clever. But I have no doubt D&D applauded themselves and were very pleased with it.
3612	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	So, tell me again exactly what have/are they "correcting"?I consider Robb's story a correction, since I consider that part very weak, in the books. But you're right, not correcting. Streamlining.Almost without fantastical creatures? What are the Others?Well, that's why I used "almost", isn't it?Anyhow, I was no longer speaking about corrections (except for Robb). I was speaking about the parts of the books I consider weak. Of course the show cannot change the most important points of the story (resurrections and CotF). Still, that won't change the fact that I consider them weak.So yes, almost no corrections, so far.
3613	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	Ugh, I hate it when D+D fans try to justify Talisa by making out Robb was some sick freak for how he reacted to the news of his brother's "deaths". The way people talk about it it's like Robb was turned on by the news. He wasn't of course, he simply wanted comforting. Sex is a very natural desire when you're upset."Fan"? Not really.All you've said in the whole post, I don't agree with!
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 11 May 2013 - 08:36 AM.
3614	protar	2013-05-11	I consider Robb's story a correction, since I consider that part very weak, in the books. But you're right, not correcting. Streamlining.How exactly is it streamlining though? Jeyne could have been portrayed in the same amount of time as Talisa.
3615	Cas Stark	2013-05-11	The show motivation for Robb's marriage was much weaker than the weak book version in my opinion.  I thought the things that led to the RW in the book were sort of haphazard, like Robb deciding on a whim to marry and break his oath and then failing to give Edmure proper instructions on what to do....but at least the concept of a younger guy, consumed with grief having a weak moment and then feeling the need to do the 'honorable' thing on behalf of a young Westerosi noblewoman made more sense than marrying a Volantis nurse with no family, whose an adult and who had absolutely no qualms about premarital sex to begin with.  So, rather than a correction, this was a worsenening of an already weakish element.
3616	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	How exactly is it streamlining though? Jeyne could have been portrayed in the same amount of time as Talisa.The second part of my sentence was not about Robb's story, but rather about the word "correcting", which, as you pointed out, is wrong, since almost no correction has been made, in the show.Hey, it's hard being clear on the internet!
3617	protar	2013-05-11	The second part of my sentence was not about Robb's story, but rather about the word "correcting", which, as you pointed out, is wrong, since almost no correction has been made, in the show.Hey, it's hard being clear on the internet!I'll ask again then? How have they been streamlining things. Very few of the invented material streamlines anything. Ros, Talisa, Dragonknapping, Jon capturing Ygritte, the invented plot in KL this season - it all takes the same if not more time than what was in the books.There are a couple of places where they've done a good job like the first 2/3 of Theon's S2 arc, but mostly streamlining is the exact opposite of what they're doing.
3618	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-11	I consider Robb's story a correction, since I consider that part very weak, in the books. To each their own, I guess. I found the Robb/Jeyne part of the story weak, but I think the show version is even worse. Like I said before, Robb had better reasons to break his vows, and was young. Show Robb's reasons are just stupid, and he is just complety inmature and arrogant IMO.Well, that's why I used "almost", isn't it?I thought your "almost" was only referring to dragons and direwolves. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Anyhow, I was no longer speaking about corrections (except for Robb). I was speaking about the parts of the books I consider weak. Of course the show cannot change the most important points of the story (resurrections and CotF). Still, that won't change the fact that I consider them weak.I don't find them weak, but you can have your opinion.  But like I said the show hasn't "corrected" them. So yes, almost no corrections, so far./wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The second part of my sentence was not about Robb's story, but rather about the word "correcting", which, as you pointed out, is wrong, since almost no correction has been made, in the show.Not to brag about it but I pointed that out.Hey, it's hard being clear on the internet!Indeed /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3619	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-11	Not to brag about it but I pointed that out.Ahah right! Sorry about that!
3620	Oakenfist	2013-05-11	"Gendry's Stannis' and by extension Brienne's Jon's and Arya's arcs are pretty badly damaged because of the directors trying to cut corners by sending Mel to the riverlands and buying Gendry.There's a pretty gods damned good chance that Tormund Giantsbane will die this season without ever being remotely likeable or telling any of his epic storiest"I thought that was a briliant move. Just my opinion.I think it's been mentioned somewhere that Tormund gets back to Mance with a look of failure on his face.I absolutely hate that the Karstarks are half of Robb's army and that there aren't any Lords to show how well-loved Robb is by everyone else. Also, the Freys have 10,000 men? WTH? All of Robb's colourful bannermen from season 1 are completely gone. Apparently Wendel Manderly was cast this season yet he hasn't showed up in any episode so far. He probably is in the RW episode and then dies.Where is Dacey, Maege, Glovers, Umbers, Tallharts, etc!
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 11 May 2013 - 10:38 AM.
3621	Winterfellian	2013-05-11	It was deliberately frustrating, which only increased the impact of Dany's flight on Drogon - which is probably the best moment of the series so far IMO.I suppose it depends on the person. I for one didn't fid it impressing or even interesting in any way, and I think in great part it was because I never got interested in what was going on in Mereen. My reaction was something like: uh a dragon...Dany mounting the dragon...whatever... I stopped caring like 3 chapters ago...I wonder who's chapter is next. Dany's Mereen plot line is one I only learn to appreciate upon rereads.
3622	Swan Targ	2013-05-11	Until episode 306, I too have been pretty disappointed in how Jon Snow's storyline has played out. None of the Wildlings have any real personality other than Ygritte.We've been told that Tormund likes Jon, but he hasn't shown it yet. Same with Mance. It has felt very abridged; The Climb was the first episode it didn't. Hope it continues to regain focus.I hate Tormund in the show.Such a weak and forgettable personality, and in the book he is so much fun
3623	Cas Stark	2013-05-11	I hate Tormund in the show.Such a weak and forgettable personality, and in the book he is so much funWell, he has more personality that Mance and he's the only wildling besides Ygritte who has any personality at all, but they've definitely killed his jolly quotient on the show.
3624	Swan Targ	2013-05-11	I think the only thing that really bothered me in this episode was Cersei and Tyrion being buddies because of their misery.
It almost felt as if the producers were like "yeah throw that scene in just to waste time", because it goes a lot against their characters to be like that.
That scene was boring, redundant and I felt like I was watching two unknown characters interract. Who are these two?
					
					
							Edited by Swan Targ, 11 May 2013 - 04:00 PM.
3625	Kienn	2013-05-11	I find a lot of Tyrion's filler scenes really weak (silly Peter Dinklage makes himself look bad by demanding X time per episode)
3626	flyingwind66	2013-05-11	hey guys, been a while so I'm going to nitpick about more than this one episode...
I have to iterate how much I feel like those extra '4 minutes' per episode we were getting this season seem to be wasted on b/s like Pod and those whores including the not 1, but 2 scenes discussing it later!!! With Tyrion and Bronn talking to Pod and then Ros and Varys talking more on it.
I don't know exactly what it is about Sansa... but show Sansa and book Sansa are 2 different people.  In the books she seemed so much more active in her escape plans.... yes she was still a little girl with her head in the clouds but she at least was sneaky about her meetings with the person helping her... going to the godswood to "pray" 
Is Dontos going to come back into play?  Did Littlefinger leave without her?  
Also COLORS!!! Seriously the thing that has bothered me so much in the show is people NOT wearing the colors on their sigils... It felt like something so significant in the books... that Joff always wore Lannister crimson despite being Baratheon and on Sansa's wedding day when she realized she was being dressed in Stark grey and white... Cat is always wearing that green dress shouldn't she be in grey or red and blue?  The Tyrell women all seem to be in blue... yes it's a lovely color but only Loras is wearing Tyrell green... there's not enough variation in the fabric choice of the Tyrell girls either... it looks like they're in uniforms (that aren't even green!)
3627	congokong	2013-05-11	It wasn't exactly an original joke, nor was it particularly clever. But I have no doubt D&D applauded themselves and were very pleased with it.I didn't laugh at the joke (it's been done) but I did laugh at your idea of them patting themselves over it. Maybe you should write the show. I'm sure you'd be more faithful with it. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I hate Tormund in the show.Such a weak and forgettable personality, and in the book he is so much funIt felt weird for him to say "I like you boy" considering he acts like he'd gladly throw Jon off the wall. I'm thinking, "with friends like this, who needs enemies."
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 11 May 2013 - 06:51 PM.
3628	Ampris	2013-05-11	I thought your "almost" was only referring to dragons and direwolves. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Direwolves are an extinct creature, not a fantastical one.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dire_wolf
3629	flinn	2013-05-11	I have a problem with how Barriston has been scripted. After the conversation with Jorah it just seems like he is a desperate old man trying to take over. I hate they didn't leave him undercover and research Dany before swearing to her. It really added to his character IMO.
 I also don't like Tormund, love the actor, but not the script. He is nothing like the boisterous, jovial, braggart like he was in the books.
					
					
							Edited by flinn, 11 May 2013 - 09:26 PM.
3630	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-12	Direwolves are an extinct creature, not a fantastical one.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dire_wolfYeah, I know, but they kind of fit into the world of fantasy, don't they? But yeah, I guess I should've said wargs. I think the only thing that really bothered me in this episode was Cersei and Tyrion being buddies because of their misery.It almost felt as if the producers were like "yeah throw that scene in just to waste time", because it goes a lot against their characters to be like that.That scene was boring, redundant and I felt like I was watching two unknown characters interract. Who are these two?Haha, yeah I agree. Tyrion is one of my favorite characters in the books, but at this point show!Tyrion is a completely diffrent character. He's been too "whitewashed" for my liking. So, whenever I see him on screen I just don't pay attention to him. I get distracted looking at the set and background /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> . He is not interesting to me. Funny enough, I find myself paying more attention to characters that are not my favorite in the books, or to the ones I don't like than tthe ones I love.hey guys, been a while so I'm going to nitpick about more than this one episode...I have to iterate how much I feel like those extra '4 minutes' per episode we were getting this season seem to be wasted on b/s like Pod and those whores including the not 1, but 2 scenes discussing it later!!! With Tyrion and Bronn talking to Pod and then Ros and Varys talking more on it.I don't know exactly what it is about Sansa... but show Sansa and book Sansa are 2 different people.  In the books she seemed so much more active in her escape plans.... yes she was still a little girl with her head in the clouds but she at least was sneaky about her meetings with the person helping her... going to the godswood to "pray"Is Dontos going to come back into play?  Did Littlefinger leave without her?  Also COLORS!!! Seriously the thing that has bothered me so much in the show is people NOT wearing the colors on their sigils... It felt like something so significant in the books... that Joff always wore Lannister crimson despite being Baratheon and on Sansa's wedding day when she realized she was being dressed in Stark grey and white... Cat is always wearing that green dress shouldn't she be in grey or red and blue?  The Tyrell women all seem to be in blue... yes it's a lovely color but only Loras is wearing Tyrell green... there's not enough variation in the fabric choice of the Tyrell girls either... it looks like they're in uniforms (that aren't even green!)Agreed with everything you said. Specially about Sansa. I don't like what they've done to her. Yes, Littlefinger left without her, but Dontos is coming back into the play, apparently. Yes, totally agree about the colors. I've been noticing this since season one. I loved the way GRRM discribed colors and clothers in the books. In the show every man wears black and brown...... And yes, no diference between Houses. I would have loved to see the Boltons wearing pink. I find the armors of both the KIng's Guard and the Gold Cloaks disappointmenting. Oh well......
3631	Swan Targ	2013-05-12	I have a problem with how Barriston has been scripted. After the conversation with Jorah it just seems like he is a desperate old man trying to take over. I hate they didn't leave him undercover and research Dany before swearing to her. It really added to his character IMO.This.To me this Barristan is a complete different character. It's someone else.Selmy in the books would never, EVER, question Dany in front of strangers and if he would do it in private, he would ask permission first to say anything to her regarding her actions.
					
					
							Edited by Swan Targ, 12 May 2013 - 01:42 AM.
3632	Ran	2013-05-12	Barristan launches into his critique of this plan without asking permission in the novel... and he makes his feelings very plain to her even during the scene. I don't find it a big departure.
3633	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-12	I'm pretty sure Dany brought Barristan with her because she knew he'd react vocally. It made her plans to buy the Unsullied look genuine, and it also undermined her which meant the Masters continued to underestimate her and did not suspect what she planned to do.
3634	Dragon greyscale	2013-05-12	I'll ask again then? How have they been streamlining things. Very few of the invented material streamlines anything. Ros, Talisa, Dragonknapping, Jon capturing Ygritte, the invented plot in KL this season - it all takes the same if not more time than what was in the books.There are a couple of places where they've done a good job like the first 2/3 of Theon's S2 arc, but mostly streamlining is the exact opposite of what they're doing.You are confusing the streamlining of material with corrections of weak material. Willas/Loras merge = streamlining. Edric/Gendry merge=streamlining. "Invented" exposition scenes = streamling (inner dialogue and what not)So to get to your points:Ros was created solely for the purpose of streamlining. Exposition sucks on television but it's necessary to convey backstory/motivations efficiently---> streamlining. The other points you make are variations on weak elements in the books. Robb/Jeyne marriage: totally out of the blue. Qarth in acok: too uneventful. Jon/ygritte tbh I don't really remember what happened before the cave. KL in aSoS is pretty bland up until the weddings and the red viper.The books have weaknesses. I'm not saying D&D are superior writers but I understand they're reasoning. It's a lot easier to criticize these decisions for not following the books than to try and think along with the creators of the show constructively."It's time wasted they should have spent somrwhere else" I read this all the time. But no one ever follows up to mention specifics. "We don't need time for Bran"... fine Where would you spend the time instead? Honestly, the criticism is so facile sometimes. Despite what people are saying, it often just comes down to: it wasn't in the books.
3635	King of the Road	2013-05-12	Honestly, the criticism is so facile sometimes. Despite what people are saying, it often just comes down to: it wasn't in the books.Yep.
3636	protar	2013-05-12	You are confusing the streamlining of material with corrections of weak material. Willas/Loras merge = streamlining. Edric/Gendry merge=streamlining. "Invented" exposition scenes = streamling (inner dialogue and what not)So to get to your points:Ros was created solely for the purpose of streamlining. Exposition sucks on television but it's necessary to convey backstory/motivations efficiently---> streamlining.Exposition is necessary sure, but Ros is not necessary for exposition. I'm sure there are cleverer ways of expositing then putting a naked woman in. And once Ros starts getting her own plot line? Most certainly not streamlining.The other points you make are variations on weak elements in the books. Robb/Jeyne marriage: totally out of the blue. Qarth in acok: too uneventful. Jon/ygritte tbh I don't really remember what happened before the cave. KL in aSoS is pretty bland up until the weddings and the red viper.They could easily have shown Robb/Jeyne on the show if they felt it would have been too out of the blue to do it as in the books. I agree that they needed to spice up Qarth a little bit, I just think how they did it was awful. Jon and Ygritte had a fair amount of build up before the cave, both from their interactions, Jon's interaction with Tormund and Jon's inner monologue. KL is not bland it simply doesn't involve all of the characters D+D like, they removed the Symon Silvertongue plot line.The books have weaknesses. I'm not saying D&D are superior writers but I understand they're reasoning. It's a lot easier to criticize these decisions for not following the books than to try and think along with the creators of the show constructively.I understand that changes are necessary, however I think that all to often the changes are just D+D trying to be creative."It's time wasted they should have spent somrwhere else" I read this all the time. But no one ever follows up to mention specifics. "We don't need time for Bran"... fine Where would you spend the time instead?Honestly, the criticism is so facile sometimes. Despite what people are saying, it often just comes down to: it wasn't in the books.Ok, I personally thought that we needed more time on Jon, who has been treated just pitifully until last episode. I think we could have had Symon the Singer in as well to actually provide a meaningful vehicle for the development of Tyrion and Shae's relationship and to provide some moral greyness for Tyrion.
3637	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-12	God, the exclusion of Silver Symon pisses me off so much. Rather than that pointless Tyrion/Shae scene in episode 2, we could have instead had a seething Tyrion being told of a singer that knows that Cersei had the wrong whore. He tries to blackmail Tyrion, but Tyrion, already pissed off over his rejection of Casterly Rock has him killed instead. There. You have a scene that adds further characterisation and darkens Tyrion, rather than that boring Tyrion/Shae scene. I don't know why the show is so reluctant to darken Tyrion. One of the most crucial points about his character is that he is very much like his father, even though neither of them wants to admit it.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 12 May 2013 - 06:01 AM.
3638	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-12	God, the exclusion of Silver Symon pisses me off so much. Rather than that pointless Tyrion/Shae scene in episode 2, we could have instead had a seething Tyrion being told of a singer that knows that Cersei had the wrong whore. He tries to blackmail Tyrion, but Tyrion, already pissed off over his rejection of Casterly Rock has him killed instead. There. You have a scene that adds further characterisation and darkens Tyrion, rather than that boring Tyrion/Shae scene. I don't know why the show is so reluctant to darken Tyrion. One of the most crucial points about his character is that he is very much like his father, even though neither of them wants to admit it.All very true. Though, you can see where they were going with Tyrion/Shae scene, it was still cringe worthyI don't mind that that they are dropping a lot of the immense characterisation though, really. I mean, the books have the characterisation, I don't feel I'm missing it out not seeing on the show. Actually, I think I'll be disappointed if they do to Tyrion what happened in the books. I think being sold into slavery is relevant enough, but all the jousts on a pig, Penny and all the degrading things he has to do...no, I don't mind them making him an out and out good guy. Especially because I don't want one of the male characters on the show who shows respect to women to become the raving misogynist he was in Dance.So far I'll only confess to being concerned about the characterisation of Stannis and Jon. Stannis's character is just so much fun and I think they go a bit of that with his dry humour in S2. Hopefully they turn him around in S4, although I don't know how they'll do that with Melisandre still around all that while.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 12 May 2013 - 06:09 AM.
3639	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-12	While I don't think the show has butchered most of the characters, some of the more interesting characters from the books(Stannis, Tyrion, Catelyn) have had their complexity largely diluted in the show, and thus reduced to lesser figures. That's not to say that they are bad characters, because they're not. They simply are not as well-rounded as they are in the books, but I guess that's the price we pay when a book is translated to screen. However, the show has succeeded in fleshing out other characters so they remain just as, if not more than interesting than they are in the books, as in the cases of Cersei, Jaime and Theon. So it's kinda 50/50, I guess. But still, the show, and the Unsullied viewers are missing out by not having Tyrion or Catelyn being as well-rounded in the show as they are in the books.
3640	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-12	You are confusing the streamlining of material with corrections of weak material. Willas/Loras merge = streamlining. Edric/Gendry merge=streamlining. "Invented" exposition scenes = streamling (inner dialogue and what not)So to get to your points:Ros was created solely for the purpose of streamlining. Exposition sucks on television but it's necessary to convey backstory/motivations efficiently---> streamlining.The other points you make are variations on weak elements in the books. Robb/Jeyne marriage: totally out of the blue. Qarth in acok: too uneventful. Jon/ygritte tbh I don't really remember what happened before the cave. KL in aSoS is pretty bland up until the weddings and the red viper.The books have weaknesses. I'm not saying D&D are superior writers but I understand they're reasoning. It's a lot easier to criticize these decisions for not following the books than to try and think along with the creators of the show constructively."It's time wasted they should have spent somrwhere else" I read this all the time. But no one ever follows up to mention specifics. "We don't need time for Bran"... fine Where would you spend the time instead?Honestly, the criticism is so facile sometimes. Despite what people are saying, it often just comes down to: it wasn't in the books.Thank you lad, it would've taken me 20 minutes just to put all this stuff together.
3641	Ran	2013-05-12	Where could they spend more time? Jon Snow and the wildlings, to show a more reasonable progression of his relationship with Ygritte, to complicate and provide more context to his relationship with the other wildlings, maybe to make Tormund and Mance at least vaguely as interesting as the characters in the novel. With Arya and the brotherhood, showing more of the plight of the smallfolk, and how they defend themselves when the power structures are weakened, a rather important thematic point in the rest of the series, and one that would allow a skirmish or two to be shown on the screen for that added bump in action.The Robb and Jeyne marriage is not really "out of nowhere", since the hints of it run through the end part of ACoK and the start of ASoS, and while it's a shock, it's supposed to be a shock. It's perfectly well-explained in the novel as the emotional act of a desperately hurt young man, and that... sounds really plausible to many people, I think. As it is, the Robb and Talisa material has been one of the weakest things in the series, so it seems very hard to argue for it. As to Qarth, it wasn't really eventful or interesting last season -- they came up with something rather worse, really, than what was there all because of an apparent need to have to focus on Daenerys more than the story required. But assuming that they had to have more of her, pretty sure they could have done a much better job than the material that led the character to be roundly mocked for being repetitive.It's absolutely true King's Landing in the first half of ASoS is relatively quiet. I'm not too opposed to expanding on it, and for the most part I think they did okay with it in matters such as revising the plot to get Sansa out of King's Landing through various means.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 12 May 2013 - 06:46 AM.
3642	Joe Scallywag	2013-05-12	I want to nitpick a little to the people nitpicking at Robb, he does actually aknowledge that he's the one that screwed up and that he's asking more of Edmure than he has the right to:You're paying for my sins uncle, it's not fair and it's not right, I'll remember it
3643	boojam	2013-05-12	Where could they spend more time? Jon Snow and the wildlings, to show a more reasonable progression of his relationship with Ygritte, to complicate and provide more context to his relationship with the other wildlings, maybe to make Tormund and Mance at least vaguely as interesting as the characters in the novel. With Arya and the brotherhood, showing more of the plight of the smallfolk, and how they defend themselves when the power structures are weakened, a rather important thematic point in the rest of the series, and one that would allow a skirmish or two to be shown on the screen for that added bump in action.The Robb and Jeyne marriage is not really "out of nowhere", since the hints of it run through the end part of ACoK and the start of ASoS, and while it's a shock, it's supposed to be a shock. It's perfectly well-explained in the novel as the emotional act of a desperately hurt young man, and that... sounds really plausible to many people, I think. As it is, the Robb and Talisa material has been one of the weakest things in the series, so it seems very hard to argue for it. As to Qarth, it wasn't really eventful or interesting last season -- they came up with something rather worse, really, than what was there all because of an apparent need to have to focus on Daenerys more than the story required. But assuming that they had to have more of her, pretty sure they could have done a much better job than the material that led the character to be roundly mocked for being repetitive.It's absolutely true King's Landing in the first half of ASoS is relatively quiet. I'm not too opposed to expanding on it, and for the most part I think they did okay with it in matters such as revising the plot to get Sansa out of King's Landing through various means.Fair enough.Are we not bouncing off the walls and coming back to the same place?After ROME (maybe DEADWOOD too) we don't know how HBO calculates the upper limit on how much money they want to spend.One question I would like to know , when David Benioff and D. B. Weiss pitched this show , like any good producers they had to have in hand a budget. Or was it HBO who said this a a costume epic with VFX and we will give you only 6 million dollars per episode. So did that dictate the 10 episode format? So far Dav and Dan have said they can only do 10 episodes a season. Now  Bruno Heller (and his rather large gang of producers) , for a very similar set up, pulled off 12 episodes , but one does notice season 2 of ROME , only 10 episodes long aired two years after the first season (I know , I know there were budget problems, but I think HBO green lighted ROME before season 1  was over and the BBC the pull out, so production had begun).I guess we have beat this horse to death, but 10 episodes for a story this size is just too short, hell maybe 12 episodes is too few. I wonder if fans would really buy into waiting 2 years in between seasons?So as to what and how to turn prose into visual narrative what to do?(Plus I have no feeling what so ever what kind of 'screen time' an actor's contract calls for, I thought they were paid wither they were on screen or not? Well veteran actors at least.)Given the budget and the time, let me ask this question, take one example ,I thought Dany's Qarth time in S2 was badly handled. On the other hand I have read that book and know those chapters (are not that many) how would you have turned what prose was on the page (somewhat complex and contemplative, O I loved it on the page) into viable teleplay material? Yeah I though they came up with something worse than on the page, but I have thought about it, and the only thing I say, not being in the field, is that if between Dan, Dave , Bryan (and George,was he even consulted?) they could not master the material, hire someone who could! Unfortunately that sounds like time and money to me.So now we have bounced off the walls and are back at the same place again.Why exactly Dave and Dan have produced their on inventions , some of which work, Ros is one that did, Talisa does not, they seem to have in mind some more invention for her down the road which I don't think I am going to like.(Man in nearly two years now neither Dave or Dan have not , as far as I know been asked about that one, George is mum, I guess Bryan too.)George could have said before he signed the contract, "12 episodes per season, or I'm not signing".And, I am not sure that would have solved all their problems.Bottom line for me page to screen, I can see the flaws, but I am impressed and entertained , I can live with it.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 12 May 2013 - 10:11 AM.
3644	Cas Stark	2013-05-12	My issues w/the show aren't really about budget, I get that battles and certain scenes have to be trimmed down, I get why they didn't have 100+ wildlings climbing the wall or have everyone on horseback for the KL riot.
My problem is more with random and POINTLESS changes that seem like they will cause more problems in the future...like the new Mel/Gendry storyline or Loras now being the only Tyrell heir or the BF being an illmannered thug.
I wasn't that bothered by the 'who stole ma dragons' storyline' but they could have used last season, as long as they're good with inventing things to give Quarth some more screen time, to begin to lay the groundwork for Dany's issues with slavery and the general cultural issues she sees in Essos, to introduce slaver's bay earlier..they could have overall spent less screen time on her segments but still gotten the gist of the story.
As well as what I see as wasting screen time on silly stuff like Pod's sexcapades, basically the same scene with LF and Varys over and over again, and Ros, yes, she was a good actress and beautiful but inventing a character who mostly serves no real role except as eye candy while short changing other much more important story lines like the halfhand, mance, etc. doesn't make sense to me.
3645	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-12	It felt weird for him to say "I like you boy" considering he acts like he'd gladly throw Jon off the wall. I'm thinking, "with friends like this, who needs enemies."The thing about this line that Tormund said is that it is the exact same line that Mance said to Jon a few eps ago.  They both said to him I like you boy but if you lie to me I'll cut your heart out (or whatever the generic threat was).  This is where the writing has failed in a big way for Jon's storyline.  They couldn't come up with something a little different for Tormund to say?  I don't expect that he'll be exactly the same as in the books but they have made all the wildling men the same generic scowling character.  Also they have not established at all why either Mance or Tormund would even like Jon.  Because they think he's a "crow come over?"  That's not supported at all.
3646	congokong	2013-05-12	The thing about this line that Tormund said is that it is the exact same line that Mance said to Jon a few eps ago.  They both said to him I like you boy but if you lie to me I'll cut your heart out (or whatever the generic threat was).  This is where the writing has failed in a big way for Jon's storyline.  They couldn't come up with something a little different for Tormund to say?  I don't expect that he'll be exactly the same as in the books but they have made all the wildling men the same generic scowling character.  Also they have not established at all why either Mance or Tormund would even like Jon.  Because they think he's a "crow come over?"  That's not supported at all.They haven't established why Mance left the watch either.God, the exclusion of Silver Symon pisses me off so much. Rather than that pointless Tyrion/Shae scene in episode 2, we could have instead had a seething Tyrion being told of a singer that knows that Cersei had the wrong whore. He tries to blackmail Tyrion, but Tyrion, already pissed off over his rejection of Casterly Rock has him killed instead. There. You have a scene that adds further characterisation and darkens Tyrion, rather than that boring Tyrion/Shae scene. I don't know why the show is so reluctant to darken Tyrion. One of the most crucial points about his character is that he is very much like his father, even though neither of them wants to admit it.I'm going to miss his song from the show. I didn't think he'd show up this season though because his existence was dependent on Shae staying at the whore house through season 2. Instead, D+D had her brought into the Red Keep a season ahead of time. Him showing up now after no introduction in season 2 and no real way of figuring out about Shae would be difficult.They should darken Tyrion though. GRRM makes a point of not having black/white characters, yet besides siding with the Lannisters Tyrion hasn't done anything controversial to the viewers that I can recall.
3647	Mammothsbane	2013-05-12	They haven't established why Mance left the watch either.The wildlings on the show are so drastically different from the ones in the books. The novel Free Folk are a free people. They are "fun," despite the hardships they are facing. It's a reason Jon legitimately thinks about staying with them. I've chalked it up to just another botched story and that's all.I'm going to miss his song from the show. I didn't think he'd show up this season though because his existence was dependent on Shae staying at the whore house through season 2. Instead, D+D had her brought into the Red Keep a season ahead of time. Him showing up now after no introduction in season 2 and no real way of figuring out about Shae would be difficult.They should darken Tyrion though. GRRM makes a point of not having black/white characters, yet besides siding with the Lannisters Tyrion hasn't done anything controversial to the viewers that I can recall.The darkening of Tyrion also parallels nicely the lightening of Jaime.
3648	Lord of Brewtown	2013-05-12	Also COLORS!!! Seriously the thing that has bothered me so much in the show is people NOT wearing the colors on their sigils... It felt like something so significant in the books... Agree on this.  I would gladly sacrifice some of the 'realism' of the soldiers uniforms for a more prominent display of house colors and sigils.  I also think that would help many of the casual viewers identify who is who among such a large cast of characters & in the event of any actor changes (like with the Mountain in season 1 vs 2 - if we had seen him repeadetly wearing the yellow with the 3 black dogs  - then it might have clicked more to viewers when a new actor showed up wearing the same stuff).
3649	Ampris	2013-05-12	One thing I haven't seen mentioned - Arya listening to Melisandre and Thoros talk in High Valyrian. Surely she recognized the opening of Valar morghulis - Wouldn't she have questioned Thoros about it?
3650	flyingwind66	2013-05-12	One thing I haven't seen mentioned - Arya listening to Melisandre and Thoros talk in High Valyrian. Surely she recognized the opening of Valar morghulis - Wouldn't she have questioned Thoros about it?I know right? It's these types of changes that produce all sorts of 'inconsistencies' later that create more problems than really streamline it.Someone upthread mentioned the Theon torture scenes... Give torture-exposition or something... tell the audience where he is and who has him or drop them... don't just shove uncomfortable scenes down our throats for the hell of it.
3651	Daske	2013-05-13	The wildlings on the show are so drastically different from the ones in the books. The novel Free Folk are a free people. They are "fun," despite the hardships they are facing. It's a reason Jon legitimately thinks about staying with them. I've chalked it up to just another botched story and that's all.They are pretty much free to rape and murder each other too, and just about one meal away from anarchy. On the whole their society in the books sounds horrific rather than fun. Not that the Night's Watch sounds like a barrel of laughs either to be fair.
3652	Ampris	2013-05-13	I know right? It's these types of changes that produce all sorts of 'inconsistencies' later that create more problems than really streamline it.Someone upthread mentioned the Theon torture scenes... Give torture-exposition or something... tell the audience where he is and who has him or drop them... don't just shove uncomfortable scenes down our throats for the hell of it.You know what else is upsetting me about the Arya/Melisandre scene? Mel values king's blood. There's no way she didn't know who Arya was. And if she recognizes Mance in the books as King Beyond the Wall then certainly she recognizes Robb as King in the North. BookMel would have scarfed up Arya for sure.
3653	Maxpey	2013-05-14	^ThisBasically, what I have grown to dislike about the series as they have unnecessarily made good characters into asses, while whitewashing some of the darker and greyer characters.You hit the nail right on the head.  I can forgive some of the changes in the story (Mel kidnapping Gendry, added scenes for exposition, etc.), but I don't understand why the writers would change the characters.  Why are Tywin and Cersei being shown in such sympathetic light, while the Blackfish and Robb are being made to look like complete DBs?  I just don't get it.
3654	Logodnica	2013-05-05	He was my friend and he was dead - Thoros
3655	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Old - QoT
As an authority on myself I must disagree - QoT
Though I suppose a broch is a type of pin - Loras
Bwahahahahahaha
3656	Montey14	2013-05-05	Queen of Thorns....yes Loras is a sword smuggler...
3657	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-05-05	Queen of Thorns....yes Loras is a sword smuggler...That was hilarious..."I don't deny a word of it, he's sword swallower, through and through."
3658	Blaer Dayle	2013-05-05	Littlefinger's Chaos is a ladder monologue, even if it was spoiled was still epic with the whole montage
3659	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.
3660	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	Tywin saying his stomach is still strong...
3661	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Tywin saying his stomach is still strong...Not just foreshadowing but also a little bone to those of us who believed that the Red Viper poisoned Tywin
3662	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs" was a genius line.
3663	Scott Hunter	2013-05-05	"If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention."   Does so much to sum up this entire series!
3664	ebevan91	2013-05-05	"If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention."   Does so much to sum up this entire series!ASOIAF in a nutshell.
3665	Montey14	2013-05-05	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs" was a genius line.agreed....the sword smuggling line takes the cake though....I coughed up some of my beer
3666	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Thoros, probably. I could relate to it currently. Not the part about my friend dying and me reviving him, I mean. The faith aspect.
That, and it wasn't a line but...RAMSAY AND THE HORN TO WAKE UP THEON. You'd think he'd make the connection...guess he's just that underfed and dehydrated
3667	go joff go	2013-05-05	He could have given me poison and noone would have been the wiser.
3668	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Ah how could I forget Jaime's understated "I'm afraid I must insist"  
and "You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people?"
3669	kingkiller	2013-05-05	I'm Jon snow, i killed dead men and qhorin halfhand but i'm afraid of naked girls!!
3670	damano	2013-05-05	Roose: "I should send you back to King Robb"
Jaime: "You should! But instead you are sitting here, watching me fail at dinner."
lolol
3671	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs." TOO MANY good lines
3672	HouseHarrison	2013-05-05	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs." TOO MANY good linesPretty much this. Show Varys is just as good at witty banter as book Varys.
3673	Corvinus	2013-05-05	OK, this is not a best line, but did I hear Loras right when he was describing the wedding dress to Sansa? Did he actually say "French sleeves"?
3674	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-05	OK, this is not a best line, but did I hear Loras right when he was describing the wedding dress to Sansa? Did he actually say "French sleeves"?Frilled, I think.Also, probably Littlefinger's monologue.
3675	damano	2013-05-05	OK, this is not a best line, but did I hear Loras right when he was describing the wedding dress to Sansa? Did he actually say "French sleeves"?fringe sleeves
					
					
							Edited by damano, 05 May 2013 - 11:49 PM.
3676	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	Lysa Arryn of chairs gets my vote as well, I lol'd.
3677	Jalapenohitchhiker	2013-05-06	I got a pretty good kick out of the Queen of Thorns asking Tywin if he had ever swung the homosexual route /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3678	Eric Xayavong	2013-05-06	"I don't like that woman"
"..that's cuz you are a girl"
3679	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Littlefinger's speech was good beyond words. Also, I paled when I though I heard "French sleeves", but then, those who said it are right, it's FRINGED sleeves.
3680	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.Blackfish in full awesome beast mode.
3681	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs"
"You think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention"
"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?"
I liked the chaos monologue. Oh, and the shot of dead Ros was very Goodfellas-esque. Looks like Baelish would rather have bad investments whacked.
3682	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	"Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies: a story we agree to tell each other over and over until we forget that it's a lie." - LFabsolutely beautiful line.
3683	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	Tywin: Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behaviour.
QoT: I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves in knots over a discreet bit of buggery...
That had me in stitches. As did Loras' shite attempts to seem interested in Sansa (although I think they've butchered his character a little in the TV show).
And, of course, "The Lysa Arryn of chairs"
3684	callmedodge	2013-05-06	I liked the whole "She was a bad investment." line from Littlefinger about Ros. Pretty sure it was a nod and apology to Ros-haters. I wasn`t a Ros-hater but the delivery just seemed like that was it`s true meaning.
3685	Gronzag	2013-05-06	'Only the ladder is real'
3686	NickyM	2013-05-06	Roose: "I should send you back to King Robb"Jaime: "You should! But instead you are sitting here, watching me fail at dinner."lolol"I don't like that woman""..that's cuz you are a girl"It's not a line, but when Brienne stabs Jaime's food so he can cut it.  Not a word about it from anyone at the table.   It gave me a chuckle.
					
					
							Edited by NickyM, 06 May 2013 - 05:59 AM.
3687	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	"I would have hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position."
3688	Er Rn	2013-05-06	Not a line, but Ramsay blowing that horn to wake Theon up /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
And of course "It's the Lysa Arryn of chairs"
3689	Nictarion	2013-05-06	Sword Swallower. LMAO!
3690	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-05-06	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs" was a genius line.Fucking Amen I cracked up at that.For me personally it was "You're paying for my sins Uncle, its not fair or right".Good to see Robb show a bit of humility. Edmure is being shortchanged on the show I think.I just hope they do him justice during his small arc in AFFC
3691	Kernest	2013-05-06	"Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies: a story we agree to tell each other over and over until we forget that it's a lie." - LFI have a lot to say about that line, as well as the whole ladder speech:So far I've kind of admired Varys in a sense for his "it's for the realm" attitude, even if I don't agree with all his plans and means, but I have to say Littlefinger (or more likely Aidan Gillen playing him) won me over with that scene, I think this and the line "He'd burn the whole realm if he could be the king of the ashes" reveals a lot about his intentions, even for us book readers.Other than that, this was an episode that set up so much stuff, even though so little happened. Even so it was awesome to watch, there were funny, great and witty lines to be found everywhere.
3692	moey reed	2013-05-06	"do i look like a fucking umber" was just priceless..
3693	victim	2013-05-06	"I would have hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position."This one. I love how he even glanced down at Jaime's stump during the pause.
3694	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	The only two things that made me genuinely laugh was the horn blowing and Tywin saying "no" and/or "never" to accusations of experimenting with boys.
Sword swallower line was a bit lame IMO, only person who could get away with that writing is Dinklage as Tyrion.
Littlefinger monologue was the best.
3695	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	You know what could be a contender for Best Line? Well, its not actually a line...
Ramsay blowing the horn (just as he was blowing the horn outside the walls of Winterfell last season)
3696	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	I liked the whole "She was a bad investment." line from Littlefinger about Ros. Pretty sure it was a nod and apology to Ros-haters. I wasn`t a Ros-hater but the delivery just seemed like that was it`s true meaning.I'm pretty sure it was a reference to the conversation he had with Ros in the previous season, nothing more.
3697	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-06	Fucking Amen I cracked up at that.For me personally it was "You're paying for my sins Uncle, its not fair or right".Good to see Robb show a bit of humility. Edmure is being shortchanged on the show I think.I just hope they do him justice during his small arc in AFFCAgreed. He's a lot more likable in the books.
3698	Winterz	2013-05-06	If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.From Ramsay.This sums up ASOIAF, the Show and are likely GRRM words.
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 06 May 2013 - 09:14 AM.
3699	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	"If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention."   Does so much to sum up this entire series!Definitely the best line of the episode and the series!
3700	Edgy	2013-05-06	Queen of Thorns was hilarious this week haha
3701	Dove	2013-05-06	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs..." ahahaha, probably my favorite for some reason.
Also I had a guilt-laugh at Ramsay's horn blowing and "Sorry, were you sleeping?" and then the water. Just so goddamn petty and dickish.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 06 May 2013 - 09:45 AM.
3702	Juli Cachet	2013-05-06	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs" has to be my favorite. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3703	Arataniello	2013-05-06	It wasn't a spoken line, but the best bits for me were the way Brienne stabbed Jaime's meat for him to cut, without looking down at the table, and then the way that Jaime gently stopped Brienne from gripping the knife to attack Roose.
3704	Bluemangosteen	2013-05-06	yes, they were like an old couple.
3705	Red Knight	2013-05-06	"If you think this story has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention", legendary
3706	Sniraga	2013-05-06	It wasn't funny, but I liked how Robb acknowledged that Edmure has to pay for his (Robb's) mistakes and it isn't really fair. I'm disliking so much the show's treatment of Robb/Catelyn/Blackfish that it's nice to see D&D can get at least something right and make someone show a little bit of decency towards Edmure.
3707	SilentSense	2013-05-06	I got a pretty good kick out of the Queen of Thorns asking Tywin if he had ever swung the homosexual route /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />seemed forced and unnecessary in that conversation tbh.lysa arryn of chairs takes the cake. finally some good little finger dialog as well! chaos is a ladder describes his M.O quite well
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 06 May 2013 - 03:49 PM.
3708	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I've seen people who took that to mean that his end goal is chaos itself, or that he's a Joker-esque character. Really disappointing, because he's not. No, he has goals besides chaos for chaos's sake. He just believes chaos helps him achieve his goals
3709	Nucky Thompson	2013-05-06	"I would have hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position." Pure gold. But why did the showwriters omit the classic 'Lannister enmity means little to Bolton.' line? Would've fit in well with the lesson about overplaying one's position, methinks...
3710	CoolOff	2013-05-06	"The Lysa Arryn of chairs" was a genius line. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3711	Dornish Hen	2013-05-06	The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.I am beginning to like show Blackfish better that book Blackfish!!  I also loved the punch-in-the-mouth he gave to Karstark last week.
3712	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	What the hell is a French Sleeve? Its a cuff. It's like that's an actual thing that enough people think the writers are seriously incompetent enough to make a mention of France? Maybe next week Robb can tell Cat to park the car so he can go buy a hot dog at the deli?
3713	chimere	2013-05-06	My favorite line was probably "If you think this story has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention," but the funniest moment for me was when Arya said she didn't like Mel and the archer (Lem I think? I can't remember =/) said something along the lines of "that's because you're a girl." I died /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />		 *NM I asked Professor Google and Anguy is the archer's name
					
					
							Edited by Chimere, 06 May 2013 - 05:12 PM.
3714	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	What the hell is a French Sleeve? Its a cuff. It's like that's an actual thing that enough people think the writers are seriously incompetent enough to make a mention of France? Maybe next week Robb can tell Cat to park the car so he can go buy a hot dog at the deli?He said "Frilled" not "French"
3715	RedBean	2013-05-06	He said "Frilled" not "French"Wasn't it "fringed sleeves"?Loras's convo with Sansa was the most hilariously entertaining part of the episode. Especially the way he tries to pretend he's interested in her.Lines that had me laughing:"Old." "Sword-swallower" and "No" (the first two said in the frankest way possible, and the last said in lieu of an angry eye-twitch)"That's cause you're a girl""You looking at my arse, Jon Snow" (I love the way Ygritte says "Jon Snow")Best line was Roose Bolton's "I'd have hoped you'd learned your lesson", especially the way Jaime looks so lost after it.
3716	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	He said "Frilled" not "French"I know. Hence my remarks about the writers not being incompetent enough to mention France. Anyone who thinks he said French sleeve which isn't even a real thing is not using their head.
3717	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I know. Hence my remarks about the writers not being incompetent enough to mention France.Anyone who thinks he said French sleeve which isn't even a real thing is not using their head.The fact that it isn't a real thing doesn't mean much. What with the stereotypes about gay men, they probably just assumed that he knew more about fashion than they do.
3718	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	So many good lines in this episode! I loved "sword swallower" and LF's monologue. I just can't pass up a good montage. 
Also, Tyrion telling Cersei that he didn't know who was getting the worst deal--him, Cersei, Sansa, or Loras--and that Loras would soon learn a "singular and deep misery" due to being married to Cersei was marvelous.
3719	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	The fact that it isn't a real thing doesn't mean much. What with the stereotypes about gay men, they probably just assumed that he knew more about fashion than they do.Fine. But to think they said French sleeves even if that was a real thing is pretty ludicrous. Give them a bit more credit than that lol.
3720	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I literally thought it was ''FRENCH SLEEVES'' and I was like WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!?!?! 
I loved LF's monologue. That slimy little shit.
3721	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	"I would have thought you'd have learned your lesson about overplaying your...position". takes the cake though.
3722	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	"I would have thought you'd have learned your lesson about overplaying your...position". takes the cake though. I legitimately yelled HAND at the TV like I was some genius filling in the blanks lol.
3723	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	So does anyone think that this exchange was a hint?
Olenna: Your daughter is -
Tywin: <U+0080><U+0093> Is rich, the most beautiful woman in all seven kingdoms, and the mother of the king.
Olenna: Old.
Tywin: Old?
Olenna: Old. I<U+0080><U+0099>m something of an expert on the subject.
I mean I know she was probably just finishing her sentence, but is it possible that she was referring to the king? As in Joffrey is the old king? Could they have already planned to have him killed even before the Ros thing? It would be an interesting parallel to how Tywin thinks the war is already won. Similar kind of concept; Joffrey is already the old king? I may be reading too much into it...
3724	shiola	2013-05-06	The Lysa Arryn of chairs.
3725	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I legitimately yelled HAND at the TV like I was some genius filling in the blanks lol.LOL. Roose, the master of the ruse.
3726	rocksniffer	2013-05-06	ASOIAF in a nutshell.I agree that it is, but sorry in my not so humble opinion not the best oneFine. But to think they said French sleeves even if that was a real thing is pretty ludicrous. Give them a bit more credit than that lol.saw this because i really thought he said french y'all...It's not a line, but when Brienne stabs Jaime's food so he can cut it.  Not a word about it from anyone at the table.   It gave me a chuckle.yes this was the best non-line moment!...finally some good little finger dialog as well! chaos is a ladder describes his M.O quite well'Only the ladder is real'these words identify the best line for sure, "Chaos is not a pit, it is a ladder..." these words and the look on his face...priceless...though sword swallower goes a long way... /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
3727	alwayswinter	2013-05-06	Most of what Ramsay said was hilarious imo, especially combined with his facial expressions. "Do i look like a fucking Umber" - fantastic
Also Tyrion commenting that Loras would "certainly learn a deep & singular misery" was awesome, in large part because he's saying it to the person who will be inflicting said misery.
Lot's of funny lines this episode.
3728	Stannisfan	2013-05-07	I know it is complete stereotyping but I loved Loras getting all excited about Sansa's wedding dress then her telling Shae he likes green and gold and Shae saying 'I bet he does' or something.
3729	Khal Tommen	2013-05-07	Im paraphrasing as i dont know the exact quote,
Tyrion: "Its hard to say which one of us is getting the worst arrangement. Probably Sansa, Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery"
3730	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Oh gods, I love "Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you". I know I shouldn't enjoy this as much as I do but it's just so fantastic.
3731	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-07	Everything Ramsey said.
3732	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	Tyrion saying that he wasn't sure who of the four of them was getting the worst part of the arrangement. Made me think how cool a scene of Loras and Sansa plotting the death of Tyrion and Cersei, would be.
3733	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	This was also not a line, but I liked that Brienne was shocked at Jaime's insistence she come with him. Look at her reaction to it!
3734	Ampris	2013-05-12	Seven kingdoms, united in fear of Tywin Lannister
3735	SerMudz	2013-05-11	I noticed that during the scene between the visiting Freys, and the Starks/Tullys, when the Freys leaves one of them has a visible limp as he walks...was this a nod to Lame Lothar from the books? My memory's hazy but didnt he have a limp?
Has it been confirmed if those too are actually supposed to bA Lothar and Walder Rivers? Or was it just a nod to book fans and theyre just random un-named freys?
3736	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	Both castings have been confirmed to be Black Walder and Lame Lothar. And I think the limp was definitely a nod to book readers.http://winteriscomin...ck-walder-cast/http://winteriscomin...casting-update/
3737	kingofashes	2013-05-11	He also seemed in character. Very polite and careful not to give offence and unlike the blunt replies from the guy next to him (cousin, brother?)
Enjoyed this episode.
3738	teemo	2013-05-11	He gave me the creeps.  big time.
3739	Raion Laion	2013-05-11	He gave me the creeps.  big time.Exactly. Too creepy. I pictured Lothar as clever enough to hide his game masterfully. In that scene there is so much shade being thrown that even Rickon would see what a backstabbing bitch Lame Lothar is.
3740	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	You guys get creeped out too easily. He seemed perfectly fine to me, although a bit solemn. Black Walder was the only one that made me feel uneasy.
3741	Robb_Starkers	2013-05-12	You guys get creeped out too easily. He seemed perfectly fine to me, although a bit solemn. Black Walder was the only one that made me feel uneasy.Is that you Lame Lothar?
3742	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-12	Those silly hats creep me out alone.
3743	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-12	Both castings have been confirmed to be Black Walder and Lame Lothar. And I think the limp was definitely a nod to book readers.http://winteriscomin...ck-walder-cast/http://winteriscomin...casting-update/Nod? What nod? The actor plays Lame Lothar, Lame Lothar has a limp! Where's the nod? It's like saying Melisandre's red hair is a nod to book readers!
3744	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-12	Nod? What nod? The actor plays Lame Lothar, Lame Lothar has a limp! Where's the nod? It's like saying Melisandre's red hair is a nod to book readers!Well, they could have easily left it out. IIRC, Dagmer Cleftjaw didn't have a cleft in his upper lip in the show, so his name was pretty stupid. He could simply have been Lothar Frey, and it wouldn't have changed anything
3745	Lady Arwen	2013-05-12	I actually really liked the way Black Walder and Lame Lothar were portrayed in this scene. And those little hats were oddly Frey-ish.
3746	SerMudz	2013-05-12	So the other guy was Black Walder instead of Bastard Walder/Walder Rivers?
3747	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-05-12	Well, they could have easily left it out. IIRC, Dagmer Cleftjaw didn't have a cleft in his upper lip in the show, so his name was pretty stupid. He could simply have been Lothar Frey, and it wouldn't have changed anythingThey didn't actually call him Cleftjaw in the show though. I think.
3748	Mammothsbane	2013-05-12	Both castings have been confirmed to be Black Walder and Lame Lothar. And I think the limp was definitely a nod to book readers.http://winteriscomin...ck-walder-cast/http://winteriscomin...casting-update/I picked up Lothar.. I kinda imagined Black Walder would be more imposing given his reputation. And I imagine he had a beard. Oh well.
3749	sarah.jenice	2013-05-12	I thought they were perfect. I like what wardrobe does with the costuming to differentiate between houses. Freys having hats like that suits them.
3750	sansatyrell	2013-05-05	Anyone else really annoyed with how they had Tyrion tell Sansa? What made the arranged marriage even more awful was the fact that it was SPRUNG on Sansa and she literally tried to fight it. I'm trying to figure out where they're going with that - does it serve a specific purpose or was it just a random change?(there were a lot of changes to the plot that I didn't like in this episode tbh...)
3751	LordStoneheart	2013-05-06	Eh, I didn't mind. We don't know for sure that he told her but I can't imagine anything else he would say after that awkward way he said "awkward." 
In the book it's revealed pretty early that Tywin plans it and sure, Sansa isn't told until everything is prepared, but the surprise element is already on the audience. Might as well make it easier for the girl who has already been through hell so far.
3752	Minsc	2013-05-06	Yeah, it is extremely annoying as it seems like they are diminishing her tragedy in order to insure he still looks good.
3753	Tirilei	2013-05-06	I thought it was too bad that they didn't show how he actually told her. That would have been a good scene for them to act. For all three of them actually.
3754	Envie	2013-05-06	Remind me if I've forgotten, but wasn't the whole thing done as a 'setup' in the books by Olenna and Margaery with Sansa in the first place? I mean, wasn't Sansa cruelly laughed at for thinking she was going to marry Loras when in fact they had really meant the only one Sansa would end up marrying was the crippled one (Garland?)... and it was really mean because of course Sansa's a fool. Maybe I'm confused and not remembering the read or who was actually the one to break the news to Sansa that she was marrying Tyrion.
3755	Minsc	2013-05-06	Maybe I'm confused and not remembering the read or who was actually the one to break the news to Sansa that she was marrying Tyrion.It was Cersei like ten minutes before the wedding under the threat of beatings if Sansa doesn't comply.
3756	a shadow	2013-05-06	Remind me if I've forgotten, but wasn't the whole thing done as a 'setup' in the books by Olenna and Margaery with Sansa in the first place? I mean, wasn't Sansa cruelly laughed at for thinking she was going to marry Loras when in fact they had really meant the only one Sansa would end up marrying was the crippled one (Garland?)... and it was really mean because of course Sansa's a fool.No, she wasn't laughed at by the Tyrells. In the very first meeting Margaery and Olenna told her Loras would not make a good husband and reminded of him being or planning to be a Kingsguard. They then talked about Wyllas (the heir), who is, yes, supposed to have a lame leg, but also seems to be considered smart and kind.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 06 May 2013 - 12:26 AM.
3757	Montey14	2013-05-06	yes in book it was Cersei who pretty much gloated over the fact that she was to marry her wretched brother....and the tyrells didn't so much as laugh at her ...but simply remind her that she couldn't marry a kingsguard......this is when Sansa was given the harsh reality that nobody wanted to marry her because of her looks and courtesy....but for her name and title and possible right to winterfell.
3758	Ser Farbod	2013-05-06	They are ruining Tyrion.  They are making him wayyyyy too much into Ned #2 instead of the Tyrion from the novels.  Its starting to piss me off...
3759	Envie	2013-05-06	No, she wasn't laughed at by the Tyrells. In the very first meeting Margaery and Olenna told her Loras would not make a good husband and reminded of him being or planning to be a Kingsguard. They then talked about Wyllas (the heir), who is, yes, supposed to have a lame leg, but also seems to be considered smart and kind.Right. Thanks for reminding me how that story went, I have forgotten a lot of the side plots. So they've left out Wyllas entirely and made Loras the -only- heir to Highgarden if we're to believe the conversation between Olenna and Tywin (which I guess we have to believe)... That means Loras going into the Kingsguard will still be of his own choosing and not because Tywin or someone else forces him to? I'm SO confused with this story arc. I guess I thought Sansa's humiliation in thinking she would marry Loras was more significant in the books and then revealed to be nothing since they did in fact intend to marry her to him in the show. But of course now everything's changed so it's confusing!
3760	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	Loras was already in the Kingsguard. Sansa thought for a second they were talking about him but the QoT was like "nope, he's Kingsguard. I meant Wyllas." They weren't mean about it.
I do think it's sad Sansa finds out right before the wedding but it would seem like Tyrion being unnecessarily cruel for not even warning her.
That said, I REALLY hope they get across that Sansa isn't being "a whiny brat" for not welcoming her kind and genteel husband.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 06 May 2013 - 12:32 AM.
3761	Mendoza	2013-05-06	It depends if you enjoy the more morally white Tyrion or not.
Also, the show wanted to end with Littlefinger gloating and how his chaos is pushing Sansa into his hands.
3762	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	In the books Tyrion tells Sansa that he wanted to talk with her ahead of time but doesn't get the chance, thus since he has the chance now in the show he does tell her.
In the show it seems likely that this wedding will be the wedge that separates Shae from Tyrion. At least it seems that way, we'll have to see Shae's reaction next episode I suppose but given that earlier scene between the two of them I can't imagine her taking it as well as she does in the books.
I think they are making it drawn out this way to show that Margaery wasn't truly befriending Sansa and the rest of the Tyrell's just let her get thrown under a bus. It gives her a chance to have a scene with Loras about his "unwanted" marriage and they can both say truthfully that they'd both rather marry eachother than what they were given instead. 
It also gives Sansa a chance to accept the Halfman is better than Joffrey, even though she was excited about Loras. It will give her a chance to grow a lot seeing the Tyrell's for what they truly were, only trying to take her claim.
3763	greensleeves	2013-05-06	I'm glad someone started a thread about this.  I'll just reiterate what I said in the general episode discussion.I think that this is part of the continued whitewashing of Tyrion's character.In the books the difference between Tyrion's choices and Sansa's are made clear.  Tyrion is persuaded into the marriage.  They don't even bother to tell Sansa ahead of time, and when the big day comes she is told she'll be beaten and dragged before the altar if she's uncooperative.In the show they've made it look like they have the same level of choice.In the show we have both Tyrion and Sansa just being told they'll be married (presumably we didn't get to see Sansa's scene), and then they are both unhappy about it.And yet their positions are different because Tyrion *does* have a choice.  He is not a prisoner.  This is clear in the books, and is made even clearer when contrasted with Sansa's treatment on the matter.I thought it was too bad that they didn't show how he actually told her. That would have been a good scene for them to act. For all three of them actually. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Of course this may have meant actually witnessing Tyrion being cruel.  Do we think he spelled it out for her like Book!Cersei did?
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 06 May 2013 - 12:40 AM.
3764	Minsc	2013-05-06	In the books Tyrion tells Sansa that he wanted to talk with her ahead of time but doesn't get the chance, thus since he has the chance now in the show he does tell her.Tyrion was lying seeing he had weeks when he could have told her and never put any effort to do so.It also gives Sansa a chance to accept the Halfman is better than Joffrey, even though she was excited about Loras. It will give her a chance to grow a lot seeing the Tyrell's for what they truly were, only trying to take her claim.I wouldn't be surprised if they continue to pump up Tyrion as the most wonderful character ever seeing how that seems to be the only thing they do with him.
3765	amilas	2013-05-06	I was actually really surprised that they had Tyrion tell Sansa. It seemed like the surprise moment in the books was almost intentionally "made-for-tv" with the fast pacing and dramatic surprise. I don't really care that Tyrion tells Sansa...it just seems like a big missed opportunity for the directors.
3766	Newstar	2013-05-06	Anyone else really annoyed with how they had Tyrion tell Sansa? What made the arranged marriage even more awful was the fact that it was SPRUNG on Sansa and she literally tried to fight it. I'm trying to figure out where they're going with that - does it serve a specific purpose or was it just a random change?(there were a lot of changes to the plot that I didn't like in this episode tbh...)It could just be straight-up whitewashing of Tyrion, again, as greensleeves argues, but it also seems like the writers have changed the plot from a "Lannisters are ganging up on Sansa by conspiring to force her into a marriage" to "the Lannisters, a child, and a gay man are roped into unwanted marriages at the behest of Tywin Lannister, and none of them can get out of it."So instead of Tywin persuading Tyrion as in the books, you've got Tywin ordering both Tyrion and Cersei into engagements. Instead of it just being Tyrion as in the books, you've got Tyrion and Cersei commiserating over the nightmare engagements they've been forced into, and how little choice they have. (When Tyrion wonders if there's a way out of it, Cersei's deadpan suggestion is to have Loras and Sansa killed.) Instead of Cersei and Tyrion keeping the marriage under wraps until the last possible moment (i.e. when Sansa is in her wedding dress) as in the books, both Cersei and Tyrion agree that Sansa should be told, and Tyrion actually steps up to do it.I'm not sure what occasioned the change. It might be straight-up whitewashing of Tyrion, but there might be other reasons. It seems to set up a wedge between Tyrion and Shae. Setting up the "dual engagements" non-book storyline also gives Loras something to do and gives Cersei some skin in the game for the last part of Season 3. The "dual engagements" also gave us a basis for the Tywin/Olenna scene. There could be a number of reasons besides "We need to make Tyrion look more sympathetic."And yet their positions are different because Tyrion *does* have a choice.  He is not a prisoner.  This is clear in the books, and is made even clearer when contrasted with Sansa's treatment on the matter.It's clear in the books, yes, but in the show Tyrion and Cersei seem to believe subjectively that they have no choice (thus Cersei's "suggestion" of having Loras and Sansa killed as the only way out of the marriage she can think of). He's not a capital-p Prisoner like Sansa, but the Tyrion/Cersei scene implied in 3x06 that functionally, Tyrion and Cersei had about as much choice in their marriages as Sansa would: Cersei's only hope was Jaime killing Loras, and Tyrion was, well, f****ed.Of course this may have meant actually witnessing Tyrion being cruel.  Do we think he spelled it out for her like Book!Cersei did?Assuming Shae and Tyrion have some sort of blowout over the engagement--and I think we can assume that they will, at this point--we might get a sense of what exactly he said to her. I doubt the manner of his delivery of the news would be cruel and brutally blunt, as Cersei's was.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 01:20 AM.
3767	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Tyrion was lying seeing he had weeks when he could have told her and never put any effort to do so.Tyrion finds out he's to wed Sansa Stark and the next POV chapter we have in KL is Sansa's marriage to Tyrion.Where did you come up with weeks?
3768	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	In the show they've made it look like they have the same level of choice.In the show we have both Tyrion and Sansa just being told they'll be married (presumably we didn't get to see Sansa's scene), and then they are both unhappy about it.And yet their positions are different because Tyrion *does* have a choice.  He is not a prisoner.  This is clear in the books, and is made even clearer when contrasted with Sansa's treatment on the matter.This is doubly strange when it's discussed in this very same episode that you can't force a man into a marriage agreement. Not even a king can do that, as King Robb couldn't force Edmure into marrying that Frey girl, and yet somehow Tywin can force Tyrion into a marriage?
3769	Zman1863	2013-05-06	I acknowledge that they do present a kinder version of Tyrion in the show than the books. It isn't made clear enough that there are a multitude of benefits he stands to gain by wedding and bedding her. She is said to be the "key to the north" but it isn't spelled out that Tyrion and Sansa's son would become the most powerful man in the north- advancement that Tyrion could never hope for otherwise.But at the same time, virtually all of those benefits require the wedding and the bedding. He never goes through with the latter of those rituals. How much are they really whitewashing him if its going to end the same way- with an unconsummated marriage? They have glossed some of Tyrion's nastier aspects, but I don't think the Sansa marriage is where the battle ought to be fought. It seems to be the place where he actually does an act of kindness that gives him no benefit at all. I'll wait to see if they spare Shae or something to say they've gone too far. Tyrion finds out he's to wed Sansa Stark and the next POV chapter we have in KL is Sansa's marriage to Tyrion.Where did you come up with weeks?Right, especially since from the end of ACOK to Joffrey's wedding is supposed to cover about a month.
3770	Newstar	2013-05-06	I acknowledge that they do present a kinder version of Tyrion in the show than the books. It isn't made clear enough that there are a multitude of benefits he stands to gain by wedding and bedding her. She is said to be the "key to the north" but it isn't spelled out that Tyrion and Sansa's son would become the most powerful man in the north- advancement that Tyrion could never hope for otherwise.It could still come up in 3x07. Presumably Shae demands some explanation from him as to why he's going through with this, so maybe his interest in being Lord Protector of Winterfell is mentioned. However, as it is on the show, there's been no indication that TV Tyrion has any interest whatsoever in Sansa's claim. The suggestion seems to be that he's just as angry about Tywin ordering him to marry Sansa as Cersei is about being ordered to marry Loras. That could change, of course; I expect Shae will accuse him of wanting Sansa, and it might be left ambiguous whether he's as disgusted by the marriage as he appears to be in 3x06. As it is, though, I think the average TV viewer would assume that Tyrion is appalled at the engagement, is being forced to marry Sansa, and has no interest either in her or her claim.But at the same time, virtually all of those benefits require the wedding and the bedding. He never goes through with the latter of those rituals.That's the other thing, though. As of 3x06, we have no idea what a "bedding" is, which means that Tyrion sparing Sansa the bedding will be meaningless in the context of the show. Either they run through some really hasty exposition in 3x07 to cover their tracks, or it will be cut altogether.
3771	Mendoza	2013-05-06	Unless Tyrion is after all that a marriage to Sansa can offer him, then he really has no story arch in during season3. He's really just her babysitter, with no moral event horizon wedding night choice. Sansa has more going on as she gets repeated visuals of Littlefinger's boat.
3772	Minsc	2013-05-06	Tyrion finds out he's to wed Sansa Stark and the next POV chapter we have in KL is Sansa's marriage to Tyrion.Where did you come up with weeks?Even if it is not weeks, the fact of the matter is he never actually makes anytime to warn her instead he falls in line with his family's plan to take her by surprise.
3773	Minsc	2013-05-06	But at the same time, virtually all of those benefits require the wedding and the bedding. He never goes through with the latter of those rituals. How much are they really whitewashing him if its going to end the same way- with an unconsummated marriage? They have glossed some of Tyrion's nastier aspects, but I don't think the Sansa marriage is where the battle ought to be fought. It seems to be the place where he actually does an act of kindness that gives him no benefit at all. I'll wait to see if they spare Shae or something to say they've gone too far. The issue is that is just another facet that they have erased that presents an unfavorable image of him, thus it is just something that has been built up as he has yet done anything that presents any greyness or darkness.  Honestly, he comes off more like the son of Ned Stark then Tywin Lannister in the TV Show.
3774	LordStoneheart	2013-05-06	what's wrong with this whitewashing of Tyrion? Eddard 2.0 is something viewers probably need, with Eddard Jr's fate sealed in this episode (though I know that's not what people will think. When I asked my brother his predictions, he said "well now Robb's got a bunch more guys to fight for him." Oh my sweet summer child...)
And from a strictly TV point of view, won't a whitewashed Tyrion killing Shae be even more shocking and out of character? Will be great. Hopefully they'll keep it.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 06 May 2013 - 01:43 AM.
3775	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-06	I would have liked to watch the scene of Sansa finding out ten minutes before the wedding, because I wanted to see what acting Sophie could have offered. I'm ok with the change, BUT, this doesn't look as dramatic as the books (and I think it should be) as the Lannister look more considered than they really are, as they told her in advance, and now she has the time to prepare (some non-readers would even say 'find a way to escape') to what is to come. In books, we realise how much of a cruel s.o.b. Cersei, the whole court and even the Tyrells are, as not only they didn't care that Sansa was happily believing they were preparing her wedding to a Tyrell, but they didn't even bother to inform her that she was going to marry until the very same day. Tywin said it himself the previous episode, he doesn't care about her happiness, why would they bother informing her?ETA: Also, I'm ok, with Tyrion being portrayed less dark: it would make a real shock what it's going to happen later with his character.This is doubly strange when it's discussed in this very same episode that you can't force a man into a marriage agreement. Not even a king can do that, as King Robb couldn't force Edmure into marrying that Frey girl, and yet somehow Tywin can force Tyrion into a marriage?there is different kinds of "forcing" and Robb and Tywin are different kind of people, also Sansa and Edmure are different situations.Sansa is pretty much the Lannister's hostage, they CAN make her do stuff by threaten her to beat her or killing anyone if she doesn't' agree. They can't force her to say her vows but they can't tell her that if she doesn't, they would kill, dunno, Shae, for example, and she would do it willingly to save her life. Also, Tywin is a very powerful man: if Tyrion or Cersei say 'no', there will be consequences for the both of them. Edmure isn't a hostage, nor a war prisoner, he's a free noble man, and Robb can't drag him to a septon and make him say his vows nor threaten him into do it.Actually, IRL, when you are saying your vows in a Church, the priest ask you "are you here willingly?". Many people are forced to marry for many reasons: the circumstances force them but they go by t heir own will.
					
					
							Edited by gammaerys, 06 May 2013 - 01:44 AM.
3776	Mendoza	2013-05-06	Maybe TV Tyrion doesn't murder Shae and the Lannisters hand her over to the Boltons to serve as fake Arya.
3777	Minsc	2013-05-06	what's wrong with this whitewashing of Tyrion? Eddard 2.0 is something viewers probably need, with Eddard Jr's fate sealed in this episode (though I know that's not what people will think. When I asked my brother his predictions, he said "well now Robb's got a bunch more guys to fight for him." Oh my sweet summer child...)And from a strictly TV point of view, won't a whitewashed Tyrion killing Shae be even more shocking and out of character? Will be great. Hopefully they'll keep it.Because it fundamentally changes Tyrion's entire character.  Especially, in regards to the aspect that makes him such a compelling character that of his conflicted nature.  Quite frankly, Tyrion absolutely bores me in the TV series as it obvious that the show won't display him without any flaws so he comes of as a semi-sue.  In how, he has the brains of Tywin but the honor of Ned thus he is the perfect human being.If they need Ned 2.0 we have both Robb and Jon for that, both characters who actually fit that description in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 06 May 2013 - 01:51 AM.
3778	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	I was talking specifically about Tyrion, not Sansa."...that you can't force a man into a marriage agreement.""...and yet somehow Tywin can force Tyrion into a marriage?"
3779	kephv	2013-05-06	Yeah, too bad. I liked the conversation she had with Cersei.
3780	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-06	I was talking specifically about Tyrion, not Sansa."...that you can't force a man into a marriage agreement.""...and yet somehow Tywin can force Tyrion into a marriage?"Ah, ok. Although I think they meant no one, not even a King, can make a man to accept a marriage by ordering him to do it. If the King says to you "I order you to marry her" is not the same as "if you don't marry her, I will kill your family". The first one is ordering the man to marry, the second one, is making a threat, but the man would willingly marry in order to save his family. Tyrion is doing it because no one says not to Tywin, knowing there would be consequences, not only personal but also, political, as the Tyrells could get first to her, marry her to Loras and get the North. I wouldn't want to see what Tywin would do if that ever happens.
3781	Rapsie	2013-05-06	Has Sansa been told about Winterfell being burned or her brothers' deaths yet?
3782	Newstar	2013-05-06	Has Sansa been told about Winterfell being burned or her brothers' deaths yet?That's the crazymaking thing (well, one of many crazymaking things): we don't know.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 02:32 AM.
3783	the hound of sansa	2013-05-06	the most logical assumption is that she hasn't be told yet. she says she wants to go home like she doesn't know that winterfell is no more. and besides she seems happy all the time this season. it wouldn't be right not to have a mourning scene. but then again if the showrunners don't care that much about Sansa...
3784	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	Was there a point to this change though, besides making Tyrion look even better? 
I can't think of a reason for it, nor do I get cutting the scene short.
3785	Pellaeon	2013-05-06	I think he change suits the TV show, its fits in the character they have Tyrion changed in.
But this also presents oppertunities: The synopsis for the next epiode says something about Sansa deals over her faith, GRRM wrote it and because we have no inside in the characters heads like in the books there must be other ways of howing how Sansa feels about all of it. Otherwise Sansa would only be the girl who cried at the wedding
3786	Newstar	2013-05-06	Was there a point to this change though, besides making Tyrion look even better?I can't think of a reason for it, nor do I get cutting the scene short.Spitballing here, but 3x06 was a pretty packed episode, so maybe they decided there wasn't time for it. Besides, we already have a really good idea of how Tyrion's going to tell her (in the most awkward and chagrined manner possible), how Sansa's going to react to the news (devastation and horror), and how Shae's going to react to the news (barely suppressed anger), and all that was communicated in one single dialogue-free shot of Sansa and Shae watching Littlefinger's ship depart: Sansa is tearful and devastated, Shae looks pissed but resigned.As for why Sansa got some advance notice in the show--as opposed to finding out the day of her wedding--maybe the writers wanted to give Sansa some space to air her thoughts about the marriage, things we only sort of got in passing from her POV thoughts in the wedding chapter in the books. If there's a scene with a character she can bounce her feelings off in 3x07, we might get a better sense of her thoughts and feelings (about the Lannisters wanting to marry her for her claim, and similar) than if we just saw her looking panicked and horrified the day of her wedding.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 03:25 AM.
3787	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I was actually really surprised that they had Tyrion tell Sansa. It seemed like the surprise moment in the books was almost intentionally "made-for-tv" with the fast pacing and dramatic surprise. I don't really care that Tyrion tells Sansa...it just seems like a big missed opportunity for the directors.I agree. This was really the only change in the episode that bothered me. It was such a shock in the books when Sansa finds out that it would have made for great TV, especially if they let her believe she was marrying Loras and then see Tyrion at the alter.
3788	Minsc	2013-05-06	Was there a point to this change though, besides making Tyrion look even better?I can't think of a reason for it, nor do I get cutting the scene short.Seeing how they cut away even before Tyrion tells her thus denying us the chance to witness Sophia or Peter act out what could be an extremely emotional scene it does seem that was the only purpose.
3789	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Spitballing here, but 3x06 was a pretty packed episode, so maybe they decided there wasn't time for it. Besides, we already have a really good idea of how Tyrion's going to tell her (in the most awkward and chagrined manner possible), how Sansa's going to react to the news (devastation and horror), and how Shae's going to react to the news (barely suppressed anger), and all that was communicated in one single dialogue-free shot of Sansa and Shae watching Littlefinger's ship depart: Sansa is tearful and devastated, Shae looks pissed but resigned.As for why Sansa got some advance notice in the show--as opposed to finding out the day of her wedding--maybe the writers wanted to give Sansa some space to air her thoughts about the marriage, things we only sort of got in passing from her POV thoughts in the wedding chapter in the books. If there's a scene with a character she can bounce her feelings off in 3x07, we might get a better sense of her thoughts and feelings (about the Lannisters wanting to marry her for her claim, and similar) than if we just saw her looking panicked and horrified the day of her wedding.You give some good reason why the show runners went in this direction but part of what was so great about the surprise wedding was precisely her (and our) panic and horror. There could always be room for introspection after the big wedding reveal.
3790	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	You give some good reason why the show runners went in this direction but part of what was so great about the surprise wedding was precisely her (and our) panic and horror. There could always be room for introspection after the big wedding reveal.I agree with this, it was utterly heartbreaking seeing Sansa find out that way. Not that I want the poor girl to suffer more, but it was just so emotional and all. I hope for her wedding Cersei acts closer to her book part and says some cruel things.
3791	greensleeves	2013-05-06	Assuming Shae and Tyrion have some sort of blowout over the engagement--and I think we can assume that they will, at this point--we might get a sense of what exactly he said to her. I doubt the manner of his delivery of the news would be cruel and brutally blunt, as Cersei's was.I don't see how he could avoid being cruel... it's a cruel thing.  IIRC correctly the impetus for Cersei telling Sansa she would be beaten and dragged to the altar was Sansa saying 'No'. Suppose Sansa says 'No' in this TV conversation.  How can Tyrion respond except by doing just as Book!Cersei did and explicitly state the consequences of saying 'No'?
3792	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I agree with this, it was utterly heartbreaking seeing Sansa find out that way. Not that I want the poor girl to suffer more, but it was just so emotional and all. I hope for her wedding Cersei acts closer to her book part and says some cruel things.Yes, TV-Cersei hasn't been nearly as cruel as book-Cersei.Also, the forced wedding and the way it crushed all of her girlhood dreams of romance and married life in an instant was probably the single worst thing the Lannisters had done to Sansa. WE know Tyrion is not bad but to Sansa he was the Imp and a Lannister. Her knowing about all this beforehand lessens that impact and adds an interaction with Tyrion that she had not had in the books.
3793	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I don't see how he could avoid being cruel... it's a cruel thing.  IIRC correctly the impetus for Cersei telling Sansa she would be beaten and dragged to the altar was Sansa saying 'No'.Suppose Sansa says 'No' in this TV conversation.  How can Tyrion respond except by doing just as Book!Cersei did and explicitly state the consequences of saying 'No'?Because Tyrion would tell her that it wasn't his idea and is out of his hands. He would not say it as cruelly as Cersei. He would soften the blow and probably not scare her with ideas of beatings unless it was a warning that OTHERS, not him, would force her. He would separate himself from it all and show her that he is as powerless as she is in this case. In the book, she didn't know that it was not his idea or that he was less than thrilled with the whole thing.
3794	greensleeves	2013-05-06	But at the same time, virtually all of those benefits require the wedding and the bedding. He never goes through with the latter of those rituals. How much are they really whitewashing him if its going to end the same way- with an unconsummated marriage? They have glossed some of Tyrion's nastier aspects, but I don't think the Sansa marriage is where the battle ought to be fought. It seems to be the place where he actually does an act of kindness that gives him no benefit at all. I'll wait to see if they spare Shae or something to say they've gone too far. For me, Book!Tyrion's decision to wed Sansa is one of his greatest blunders so this seems like a *lot* of whitewashing.  When he's been persuaded to go through with the marriage, he believes and hopes that he will get Winterfell and a beautiful, willing wife.  The decision to not bed Sansa is a last minute thing... he was honestly hoping everything would work out.  Of course things don't work out.  In one of their last chapters together Tyrion thinks something like 'This is the wife they've given me for all my life and she hates me.'  Truthfully, Tyrion willingly went into that mess and didn't see the painfully inevitable outcome.This plays into one of his great flaws.  Book!Tyrion is generally unable to see women realistically, and his marriage to Sansa is maybe one of the clearest examples of that (along with his relationship with Book!Shae).The show dramatically changes this.  TV!Tyrion doesn't seem to have this problem.  His relationship with Shae is vastly different and now he's a fellow victim along with Sansa.The trouble is that Tyrion's dysfunction with women is, for me, a major, deep part of his character.  I think a lot of the things Book!Tyrion does are starting to seem completely out of character for TV!Tyrion.I'm not sure I like this new character as much.  Oh well.  I'm looking forward to the next episode anyways.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 06 May 2013 - 08:50 AM.
3795	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	There is one thing that is bugging me about when Olenna and Tywin are brokering the deal...
Given that in show canon, Loras is the sole male heir to Highgarden, why, on the grace of the Seven, would Olenna let Tywin name him to the Kingsguard without a fight???? When Aerys named Jaime it only went through because Jaime accepted it yeah? He was but a boy in thrall of the glory of serving as a KG and a bit of Aerys bullying behind Tywin's back made it happen.
3796	Eradallion	2013-05-06	As mainly a show watcher (Just finished GOT book), I was actually so happy when they cut away the part where they told her. Sansa's already been through enough, and as a show watcher, I wouldn't stand having to see him break her like that. It was bad enough watching her reaction afterwards. Book readers don't necessarily understand how the story is perceived by show watchers..
3797	sansatyrell	2013-05-06	Honestly I don't care about Tyrion being whitewashed except for the fact that there are a lot of morons out there who will think Sansa's an 'ungrateful fool' or any array of nastier descriptors for being upset about the marriage. Just because Tyrion's a nice guy, especiall compared to Joffrey, doesn't mean Sansa should be thanking the gods she got paired with him.And another thing about this whole plot change - It was Littlefinger's ship she watched sail away, right? So what the hell do they plan on doing with Sansa down the line? Because obviously her going with Petyr was huge in the books, so unless he comes back for her...?
3798	Sniraga	2013-05-06	I wonder how Sansa will behave at the wedding. In the books she wasn't very graceful, but she was only a child and very much shocked what just had happened (she suddenly marrying Tyrion instead of a Tyrell), so I couldn't blame her.
But having Tyrion being considerate enough to actually warn her beforehand, Sansa can't refuse to kneel down etc without coming across as petulant and spiteful. Oh well, maybe they'll have her acting up anyway, so the viewers would feel sorry for their poor Tyrion.
3799	YTDN	2013-05-06	I think the reason they had him tell her is simply due to trying to drag a plot that lasted, what, two, three chapters in the book over four episodes. Trying to milk it for all the drama its worth.
I do like how they framed Sansa's marriage to Loras as her ticket out of King's Landing. It will help people sympathise with her marriage to Tyrion, since it traps her permanently in King's Landing.
3800	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-06	I hated this too. I turned off the TV after I saw Sansa crying.Has Sansa been told about Winterfell being burned or her brothers' deaths yet?I don't think so since she was asking Shae just before Tyrion comes in if the Tyrells would let her bring her brothers to visit.For me, Book!Tyrion's decision to wed Sansa is one of his greatest blunders so this seems like a *lot* of whitewashing.  When he's been persuaded to go through with the marriage, he believes and hopes that he will get Winterfell and a beautiful, willing wife.  The decision to not bed Sansa is a last minute thing... he was honestly hoping everything would work out.  Of course things don't work out.  In one of their last chapters together Tyrion thinks something like 'This is the wife they've given me for all my life and she hates me.'  Truthfully, Tyrion willingly went into that mess and didn't see the painfully inevitable outcome.This plays into one of his great flaws.  Book!Tyrion is generally unable to see women realistically, and his marriage to Sansa is maybe one of the clearest examples of that (along with his relationship with Book!Shae).The show dramatically changes this.  TV!Tyrion doesn't seem to have this problem.  His relationship with Shae is vastly different and now he's a fellow victim along with Sansa.The trouble is that Tyrion's dysfunction with women is, for me, a major, deep part of his character.  I think a lot of the things Book!Tyrion does are starting to seem completely out of character for TV!Tyrion.I'm not sure I like this new charater as much.  Oh well.  I'm looking forward to the next episode anyways.Exactly!  GRRM has said that he is interested in writing characters that are conflicted, using the quote by Faulkner of showing the human heart in conflict with itself.  We are not seeing this in Tyrion at all.  In fact, they have also made Cersei less grey which I don't buy either.  There is no way book Cersei would ever let Tyrion believe that Joff was the one who ordered Moore to kill him.  She protected every despicable thing Joff did in the books!It also ruins Sansa's one great act of defiance to the wedding in the books when she refuses to kneel so that Tyrion can put the cloak on her.  I doubt they will have Sansa refusing to kneel now as it would make her look whiny and spiteful to do so.(edited for grammar and spelling)
					
					
							Edited by Elba the Intoner, 06 May 2013 - 07:54 AM.
3801	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	And another thing about this whole plot change - It was Littlefinger's ship she watched sail away, right? So what the hell do they plan on doing with Sansa down the line? Because obviously her going with Petyr was huge in the books, so unless he comes back for her...?Littlefinger said last week that he and Sansa would "talk more of this when I return".  So in-show his plan is obviously to sail off to the Vale, get things arranged with Lysa, make a quick trip back to King's Landing (probably for episode 10) where the now-married Sansa will be much more receptive to his offer, and give her some of the details for her escape on Joffrey's wedding, then go back to the Vale to play out the scheme like he did in the books.
3802	King Zee	2013-05-06	one point I want to bring up.
this is the first time they've shown Sansa in a "sexual " manner. ie when she was undressing , we got some cleavage that i  was surprised at.
I dont know if its to lead up to Tyrion's arousal on the wedding night. but it was definitely deliberate after keeping her under literal wraps for the season.,
					
					
							Edited by King Zee, 06 May 2013 - 08:06 AM.
3803	Versiroth	2013-05-06	In the book, the wedding HAD to be a surprise because the Tyrell's couldn't know about it.   For the show, they changed it to where Tywin gives the QoT a choice of either marrying Loras to Cersei or naming him into the Kingsguard.    Since the QoT refuses the marriage, Loras is named as a Kingsguard member and the Tyrell's plans to marry Sansa to him are gone anyway.   Since Loras is only Tyrell male/heir in the show, there was no real need for a secret shotgun wedding once he was removed from the picture.
3804	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	For me, Book!Tyrion's decision to wed Sansa is one of his greatest blunders so this seems like a *lot* of whitewashing.  When he's been persuaded to go through with the marriage, he believes and hopes that he will get Winterfell and a beautiful, willing wife.  The decision to not bed Sansa is a last minute thing... he was honestly hoping everything would work out.  Of course things don't work out.  In one of their last chapters together Tyrion thinks something like 'This is the wife they've given me for all my life and she hates me.'  Truthfully, Tyrion willingly went into that mess and didn't see the painfully inevitable outcome.This plays into one of his great flaws.  Book!Tyrion is generally unable to see women realistically, and his marriage to Sansa is maybe one of the clearest examples of that (along with his relationship with Book!Shae).The show dramatically changes this.  TV!Tyrion doesn't seem to have this problem.  His relationship with Shae is vastly different and now he's a fellow victim along with Sansa.The trouble is that Tyrion's dysfunction with women is, for me, a major, deep part of his character.  I think a lot of the things Book!Tyrion does are starting to seem completely out of character for TV!Tyrion.I'm not sure I like this new charater as much.  Oh well.  I'm looking forward to the next episode anyways. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />They are definitely making Tyrion kinder for lack of a better word. I was not impressed with Tyrion in the book and his view and thoughts going into the marriage with Sansa. But I think it makes him a much more interesting character. No one watching really feels all that bad for Sansa (if they haven't read the books) because they like Tyrion so much and think he'll actually be good for her. I also was hoping to see the scene play out like it did in the books. Rather than having Joffrey shoot arrows into Ros, they could have had him being the one to force Sansa to the marriage with Tyrion if they didn't want it to be Cersei and we still would have had our reminder that Joffrey is an ass to be disliked.
3805	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Littlefinger said last week that he and Sansa would "talk more of this when I return".  So in-show his plan is obviously to sail off to the Vale, get things arranged with Lysa, make a quick trip back to King's Landing (probably for episode 10) where the now-married Sansa will be much more receptive to his offer, and give her some of the details for her escape on Joffrey's wedding, then go back to the Vale to play out the scheme like he did in the books.No, D & D wants the audience to believe that her chance to leave with Littlefinger is gone.   They'll likely have Sir Dontos meet with her after her wedding to Tyrion and tell her that he has a way to get her back home.   And then later, once Littlefinger is revealed to be the driving force, there will be an "OH!" moment.   There is no point in telling the audience (again) that Littlefinger is the one to get her out.  Now that his initial plans have been spoiled, they'll leave the viewers believing that he's out of it.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 06 May 2013 - 08:16 AM.
3806	Elba the Intoner	2013-05-06	No, D & D wants the audience to believe that her chance to leave with Littlefinger is gone.  They'll likely have Sir Dontos meet with her after her wedding to Tyrion and tell her that he has a way to get her back home.   And then later, once Littlefinger is revealed to be the driving force, there will be an "OH!" moment.   There is no point in telling the audience (again) that Littlefinger is the one to get her out.  Now that his initial plans have been spoiled, they'll leave the viewers believing that he's out of it.Yes I have been thinking this too since last week.  People will have forgotten all about Dontos so when he shows up everyone will be confused about him and why he is trying to help her.  He won't have any noted connection to LF so when LF reveals himself as her savior it will be a real shock.
3807	sansatyrell	2013-05-06	Littlefinger said last week that he and Sansa would "talk more of this when I return".  So in-show his plan is obviously to sail off to the Vale, get things arranged with Lysa, make a quick trip back to King's Landing (probably for episode 10) where the now-married Sansa will be much more receptive to his offer, and give her some of the details for her escape on Joffrey's wedding, then go back to the Vale to play out the scheme like he did in the books.ooh thanks, i guess i missed him saying 'when he returns'
3808	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	I hated that they told her so far ahead of time. That would have been a great scene for Lena as Cersei and it takes the shock away. I agree, they are trying to make Tyrion look better. I don't agree with this change at all. And Sansa's weeping was awful. Just standing there crying... The scene in the books where she finds out the morning of is much more powerful and I have no idea why they couldn't leave it be. I guess so tyrion doesn't look so bad? He's still a lannister! Come on!
3809	juanml82	2013-05-06	Telling her ahead of time can work - Otherwise they would have to put the wedding in episode 6, stall the plot and may be important regarding Shae's reaction. I agree, however, that Sansa's weeping was awful and I would have liked to see the scene when Tyrion tells both of them about the wedding.
What I really disliked is how they reduced Sansa's IQ by 50 or more by wondering if they'll let her family go to the wedding (with Loras). They been showing her as not as dumb as expected, specially by having Loras spilling the beans to a random squire. And, suddenly, they make her as dumb as S01E01 Sansa with that line.
3810	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-06	I wish we could still have the scene with Cersei dragging Sansa to her own wedding. Maybe Sansa will try to back out of it in the last minute and then Cersei threatens to have her beaten if she doesn't obey? Eh, just wishful thinking on my part because I really liked this part in the book and hope that it was kept on the show even though it's under a different context *shrugs*
3811	Ulrik1312	2013-05-06	Telling her ahead of time can work - Otherwise they would have to put the wedding in episode 6, stall the plot and may be important regarding Shae's reaction. I agree, however, that Sansa's weeping was awful and I would have liked to see the scene when Tyrion tells both of them about the wedding.What I really disliked is how they reduced Sansa's IQ by 50 or more by wondering if they'll let her family go to the wedding (with Loras). They been showing her as not as dumb as expected, specially by having Loras spilling the beans to a random squire. And, suddenly, they make her as dumb as S01E01 Sansa with that line.I got the impression she already knew the answer, she just wanted someone to say it out loud.
3812	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	No, D & D wants the audience to believe that her chance to leave with Littlefinger is gone.The "when I return" line suggests otherwise to me, as does Littlefinger's indication to Varys that his interest in Sansa isn't finished.In the books there was no particular indication that Littlefinger was interested in Sansa prior to her extraction.  That's not the case in the show, and if Dontos shows up, Littlefinger's the only real candidate for the man behind it.
3813	Versiroth	2013-05-06	Telling her ahead of time can work - Otherwise they would have to put the wedding in episode 6, stall the plot and may be important regarding Shae's reaction. I agree, however, that Sansa's weeping was awful and I would have liked to see the scene when Tyrion tells both of them about the wedding.What I really disliked is how they reduced Sansa's IQ by 50 or more by wondering if they'll let her family go to the wedding (with Loras). They been showing her as not as dumb as expected, specially by having Loras spilling the beans to a random squire. And, suddenly, they make her as dumb as S01E01 Sansa with that line.Her asking was probably meant to relay how comfortable she was in her situation with the Tyrells.  Her automatic response had always been to say that her Brother and Mother were traitors, but since she feels that she's with friends, she isn't as guarded with her random thoughts.
3814	Versiroth	2013-05-06	The "when I return" line suggests otherwise to me, as does Littlefinger's indication to Varys that his interest in Sansa isn't finished.In the books there was no particular indication that Littlefinger was interested in Sansa prior to her extraction.  That's not the case in the show, and if Dontos shows up, Littlefinger's the only real candidate for the man behind it.As far as the viewers are concerned, Littlefinger has already been found out.  We also just witnessed Sansa crying as he sailed away.  In there minds, that ship has already sailed (yeah, I went there).  They also made it plan that the Tyrells also wanted Sansa.  So, when Dontos shows up, the non-book audience will either think it's the Tyrells, Littlefinger or even someone else attempting to help her.  Either way, it will have them guessing.
3815	King Tyrion I	2013-05-06	I simply loved the scene in Sansa's chamber.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Tyrion, 06 May 2013 - 12:27 PM.
3816	rystine	2013-05-06	Littlefinger leaving is still in line with book canon.  Remember is SoS LF leaves for the Vale very early on, that's why Tyrion is made master of coin to begin with.  He only returns to Kings Landing in secret after the PW to "rescue" Sansa.  
So LF leaving is completely consistent with the books.  And if the rumors about the return of Ser Dontos are true then he will likely return as Sansa's "savior", under the control of LF.  Basically they are actually sticking very close to the books in that regard.
I'm surprised so many seem to think that the QoT rejected Tywin's threat to wed Loras to Cersei or see him put on the KG.  I got the distinct impression that she specifically accepted it.  Hence why she broke the pen that Tywin was using to prepare the order to have Loras join the Kingsguard.  Sort of a way of saying "you don't need to write that, I'll go along with your offer."
3817	Versiroth	2013-05-06	I'm surprised so many seem to think that the QoT rejected Tywin's threat to wed Loras to Cersei or see him put on the KG.  I got the distinct impression that she specifically accepted it.  Hence why she broke the pen that Tywin was using to prepare the order to have Loras join the Kingsguard.  Sort of a way of saying "you don't need to write that, I'll go along with your offer."I thought that he was about to write up a wedding contract.   It wouldn't make any sense for them to agree for Loras to marry Cersei.   I think the QoT was basically saying that she'd rather Loras end up in the KG than married to Cersei.  Especially since Margery is to be queen.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 06 May 2013 - 11:00 AM.
3818	rystine	2013-05-06	I thought that he was about to write up a wedding contract.   It wouldn't make any sense for them to agree for Loras to marry Cersei.   I think the QoT was basically saying that she'd rather Loras end up in the KG than married to Cersei.  Especially since Margery is to be queen.The way I saw it, they were talking about Loras and Cersei marrying from the beginning of the scene, and the QoT was rejecting it.  It wasn't until Tywin threatened to put Loras in the Kingsguard that he busted out the pen and paper.  So I took it as, since the QoT was rejecting the offer, he was going to write an order to put Loras in the KG, and so she finally conceded.  And she was basically saying the opposite, that she would rather Loras we'd Cersei than see him end up in the KG.Edit:  Just rewatched that scene.  Tywin says "So, shall I draw up the order? Or do you consent to this match?"  He was definitely about to write an order putting Loras in the KG.  Lady Olenna breaking the pen was definitely her consenting to marry Loras to Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by rystine, 06 May 2013 - 11:23 AM.
3819	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I thought that he was about to write up a wedding contract.   It wouldn't make any sense for them to agree for Loras to marry Cersei.   I think the QoT was basically saying that she'd rather Loras end up in the KG than married to Cersei.  Especially since Margery is to be queen.Finally a man who lives up to his reputation, she says.Basically he wins, in order not to have the Tyrell line die out with Loras, she agrees to have him marry Cersei, and stops him from writing up Loras' Kingsguard decree. He's not writing a marriage contract.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 11:19 AM.
3820	Sun	2013-05-06	Her asking was probably meant to relay how comfortable she was in her situation with the Tyrells.  Her automatic response had always been to say that her Brother and Mother were traitors, but since she feels that she's with friends, she isn't as guarded with her random thoughts.No. Her asking if they would let her invite her family really does make Sansa look like a complete moron. I couldn't believe they had those words come out of her mouth. With that one line they've reduced her IQ by about 100 points.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 11:22 AM.
3821	Envie	2013-05-06	Littlefinger leaving is still in line with book canon.  Remember is SoS LF leaves for the Vale very early on, that's why Tyrion is made master of coin to begin with.  He only returns to Kings Landing in secret after the PW to "rescue" Sansa.  So LF leaving is completely consistent with the books.  And if the rumors about the return of Ser Dontos are true then he will likely return as Sansa's "savior", under the control of LF.  Basically they are actually sticking very close to the books in that regard.I'm surprised so many seem to think that the QoT rejected Tywin's threat to wed Loras to Cersei or see him put on the KG.  I got the distinct impression that she specifically accepted it.  Hence why she broke the pen that Tywin was using to prepare the order to have Loras join the Kingsguard.  Sort of a way of saying "you don't need to write that, I'll go along with your offer."I agree with all your points. Littlefinger does leave beforehand in the book as well. Sansa is smuggled out on a small boat (which is where Dontos goes overboard and revealed as just another pawn in the LF game). All of that can still happen in the context of how they're playing it out in the show.Also, I agree that I think a lot of people were confused by Olenna's end remark and breaking Tywin's quill pen - she was in fact accepting the offer, not rejecting it. She even says "so rare to meet a man who actually does what he means" or something similar... meaning she takes Tywin's threat seriously and accepts the terms - no need for him to write that order. That is probably confusing because everyone knows from the books that Loras does in fact join the Kingsguard, so I'm not sure how that part will play out since on the show he's supposedly the only heir to highgarden (which I object to the change).
3822	Zman1863	2013-05-06	The way I saw it, they were talking about Loras and Cersei marrying from the beginning of the scene, and the QoT was rejecting it.  It wasn't until Tywin threatened to put Loras in the Kingsguard that he busted out the pen and paper.  So I took it as, since the QoT was rejecting the offer, he was going to write an order to put Loras in the KG, and so she finally conceded.  And she was basically saying the opposite, that she would rather Loras we'd Cersei than see him end up in the KG.I'll rewatch the episode when I get a chance, but that was my impression from that scene anyway.I was left feeling at a loss as to what she decided. I didn't  know if that meant the scene was supposed to be ambiguous or if the answer was badly conveyed or if I was just being an idiot for not getting it. Reflecting on it, I tend to agree that she was probably relenting to the betrothal because of the broken quill. I think a lot of my initial confusion comes from the fact that we know that in the book such a betrothal never occurs, and that the end result is that Loras will end up on the KG. As a book reader, this meant my reaction was "did not compute".
					
					
							Edited by Zman1863, 06 May 2013 - 11:25 AM.
3823	Akal Colzet	2013-05-06	I was talking specifically about Tyrion, not Sansa."...that you can't force a man into a marriage agreement.""...and yet somehow Tywin can force Tyrion into a marriage?"I think that just like in todays society, you have to separate formal laws (if there is one in Westeros regarding this) and practical reality. In short, I would have no problems telling Robb to show his orders if I didn't like them, I would not do so with Tywin Lannister.
3824	BlackStark	2013-05-06	Littlefinger leaving is still in line with book canon.  Remember is SoS LF leaves for the Vale very early on, that's why Tyrion is made master of coin to begin with.  He only returns to Kings Landing in secret after the PW to "rescue" Sansa.  So LF leaving is completely consistent with the books.  And if the rumors about the return of Ser Dontos are true then he will likely return as Sansa's "savior", under the control of LF.  Basically they are actually sticking very close to the books in that regard.I'm surprised so many seem to think that the QoT rejected Tywin's threat to wed Loras to Cersei or see him put on the KG.  I got the distinct impression that she specifically accepted it.  Hence why she broke the pen that Tywin was using to prepare the order to have Loras join the Kingsguard.  Sort of a way of saying "you don't need to write that, I'll go along with your offer."It may be consistent with book canon but the circumstances are different because Sansa was unaware of Littlefinger's role in her "escape" in the book so his presence or absence was of little consequence to her. In addition the introduction of Dontos and her trust of him would be asinine at this point because the writers have done nothing to establish the character or a reason why they would have any type of relationship whatsoever (his only appearance that I can recall was the second season premiere).
3825	Mendoza	2013-05-06	I seem to recall, maybe a podcast, it being said that some Dontos/Sansa scenes were filmed last season, but the actor was so bad, they were unusable.
3826	rystine	2013-05-06	That is probably confusing because everyone knows from the books that Loras does in fact join the Kingsguard, so I'm not sure how that part will play out since on the show he's supposedly the only heir to highgarden (which I object to the change).I agree that it is a little confusing right now as to why Loras still isn't in the KG.  The only explanation I can think of at this point is that, while the QoT has accepted the match, Loras still hasn't.  It does seem interesting that in this same episode we get a line from Edmure saying that no man can be forced to marry against his will (or something along those lines).  Perhaps when Loras is presented with the offer/threat he chooses the KG rather than Cersei.  That would, IMHO anyway, be in line with his character afterall.In addition the introduction of Dontos and her trust of him would be asinine at this point because the writers have done nothing to establish the character or a reason why they would have any type of relationship whatsoever (his only appearance that I can recall was the second season premiere).I disagree.  Reintroducing Dontos to Sansa as a potential way to help her escape, and her subsequently trusting him, could be passed off easily as an example of her increasing sense of desperation to escape Kings Landing and the Lannisters.  She wants to escape, she needs to escape, and her trusting a drunk fool is an example of just how desperate she is to try to do that.
3827	relish5k	2013-05-06	Maybe TV Tyrion doesn't murder Shae and the Lannisters hand her over to the Boltons to serve as fake Arya.Good God, I hope not!
3828	Pellaeon	2013-05-06	Good God, I hope not!I think Talisa will take fake Arya's partBut on an other topic:All who say Sansa could be seen as 'ungratefull' whatsoever I think she was told in the show so we can get a scene with her where it is explained. Her thoughts out of the book they can't show otherwise can be shown, so the viewers can understand her feeling and why the marriage is so horrible for her at the moment
3829	Zman1863	2013-05-06	Good God, I hope not!Yeah that would be horrible. I am more tolerant of the whitewashing of Tyrion than most. I think they can still capture the essential Tyrion by glossing some of the nastier aspects up until the moment he kills his father and Shae. But that scene itself is fundamental to Tyrion's character development going forward.
3830	Versiroth	2013-05-06	The way I saw it, they were talking about Loras and Cersei marrying from the beginning of the scene, and the QoT was rejecting it.  It wasn't until Tywin threatened to put Loras in the Kingsguard that he busted out the pen and paper.  So I took it as, since the QoT was rejecting the offer, he was going to write an order to put Loras in the KG, and so she finally conceded.  And she was basically saying the opposite, that she would rather Loras we'd Cersei than see him end up in the KG.Edit:  Just rewatched that scene.  Tywin says "So, shall I draw up the order? Or do you consent to this match?"  He was definitely about to write an order putting Loras in the KG.  Lady Olenna breaking the pen was definitely her consenting to marry Loras to Cersei.AH.  I'm not really sure where they're going with this then.   Maybe once Loras finds out, he will ask Margery to convince Joffrey to name him to the Kingsguard.  Or maybe the QoT will give him the choice and he will decide to join the KG himself.
3831	coco lionne	2013-05-06	I agree that it is a little confusing right now as to why Loras still isn't in the KG.  The only explanation I can think of at this point is that, while the QoT has accepted the match, Loras still hasn't.  Maybe Cersei convinces Joffrey to draw up the order for Loras to join the KG? That would be a nice F-- you to both her father AND the Tyrells.
					
					
							Edited by coco lionne, 06 May 2013 - 12:41 PM.
3832	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	I don't know.  I happen to think the way everything is playing out for Sansa now is more tragic than in the books.Did you not notice how Sansa was utterly distrought as she watched Littlefinger sail away?  Knowing that his ship was supposedly her last chance to leave King's Landing and she turned it down because she believed she was going to be married to Loras Tyrell?The tragedy being driven home by the fact that we know what's coming.  Littlefinger comes back to "rescue" her after the PW (we know this as book readers) and as show watches we know Littlefinger is the last person she should ever be getting on a boat with.And he's the one secretly responsible for all her unhappiness.That's more tragic to me.I very much enjoyed the surprise that was sprung on Sansa in the books, but I was actually okay with this deviation.  Just one person's opinion though. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3833	coco lionne	2013-05-06	I don't know.  I happen to think the way everything is playing out for Sansa now is more tragic than in the books.Did you not notice how Sansa was utterly distrought as she watched Littlefinger sail away?  Knowing that his ship was supposedly her last chance to leave King's Landing and she turned it down because she believed she was going to be married to Loras Tyrell?The tragedy being driven home by the fact that we know what's coming.  Littlefinger comes back to "rescue" her after the PW (we know this as book readers) and as show watches we know Littlefinger is the last person she should ever be getting on a boat with.And he's the one secretly responsible for all her unhappiness.That's more tragic to me.I very much enjoyed the surprise that was sprung on Sansa in the books, but I was actually okay with this deviation.  Just one person's opinion though. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />That is a great point, definitely didn't think about it that way. Much more subtle. Though I did think the way it unfolds in the book would make for a wonderfully dramatic scene! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3834	Rhaenys Sand	2013-05-06	Agreed, they can't do any fault with Tyrion because R'hllor forbid that they make Tyrion, Jon or Dany their posterchildren look bad...
3835	Rapsie	2013-05-06	Agreed, they can't do any fault with Tyrion because R'hllor forbid that they make Tyrion, Jon or Dany their posterchildren look bad...Personally I can't wait for Robb and Cat to find out about the Tyrion and Sansa forced marriage, and to hear Robb going, thank god she is married to Tyrion, perhaps I should make him my heir, because he is a decent man. Of course Cat, guilty about Jon, will persuade Robb to make Jon his heir instead. The way the whitewashing of Tyrion is going and the way they have messed up Robb's arc to the point that they are changing every thing to stop him looking bad, I wouldn't be surprised to see D&D do this.
3836	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	One little bit I liked in that scene is Sansa's alarmed reaction to Shae demanding to know why Tyrion wants her to leave the room, and attempting to apologize/cover for her -- since, as far as Sansa knows, Shae is just some random servant, the sort of person it wouldn't typically behoove to question one of the kingdom's big kahunas.
3837	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-06	Are we sure he told her they were going to get married? Doesn't he tell her her brothers are dead, or something else happened, or anything really, other than this stupid whitewashing thing? Gosh, I couldn't wait for the scene before their wedding where Sansa was told ten minutes before she was going to marry Tyrion. Really, they are going out of their way to make Sansa look bad. The seven gods forbid that she wouldn't like Tyrion Lannister, fan favourite, especially after he so kindly told her beforehand they were going to marry. Do they think this is a mfing game? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I really, really dislike this.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Sansa Stark, 06 May 2013 - 03:25 PM.
3838	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	Really, they are going out of their way to make Sansa look bad. The seven gods forbid that she wouldn't like Tyrion Lannister, fan favourite, especially after he so kindly told her beforehand they were going to marry.I think they definitely are trying to make Tyrion look less bad, but I don't think they're trying to make Sansa look bad.  Particularly since they've had everybody, including Tyrion himself (indeed, especially Tyrion himself) say that she's getting totally screwed over.  Actually, from that perspective it's also notable that TV!Tyrion doesn't have any of his book character's vague hopes that the whole thing might work out okay.Also, it seems like they want the Tyrion/Sansa wedding (and the accompanying Cersei/Loras stuff, though there really hasn't been any independent focus on that) to be the major King's Landing plot for the season, so they had to string it out longer.
					
					
							Edited by Colonel Green, 06 May 2013 - 03:35 PM.
3839	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Are we sure he told her they were going to get married? Doesn't he tell her her brothers are dead, or something else happened, or anything really, other than this stupid whitewashing thing? Gosh, I couldn't wait for the scene before their wedding where Sansa was told ten minutes before she was going to marry Tyrion. Really, they are going out of their way to make Sansa look bad. The seven gods forbid that she wouldn't like Tyrion Lannister, fan favourite, especially after he so kindly told her beforehand they were going to marry. Do they think this is a mfing game? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I really, really dislike this.How does this make Sansa look bad? Because the dwarf she's being forced to marry, who consequently belongs to the family that has beheaded her father, is trying to kill her brother, and has held her hostage while she's tormented by this man's nephew, is a witty and charming dwarf that has a mistress on the side and an appetite for whores and drinking. Tyrion being a great character doesn't change anything. Telling her one day before is even more cruel since she now has to dwell upon it in misery for the day until the presumably come and find her the next day and marry her against her will.
3840	Masamune	2013-05-06	So are they going to bring Dontos in from the cold and go with the whole rescue subplot in S4? Even though any element of surprise has been lost now that we patently know LF was conspiring to take Sansa with him?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=kdhhQhqi_AE
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 06 May 2013 - 03:36 PM.
3841	RedBean	2013-05-06	Agree totally about the whitewashing of both Tyrion and Cersei. Gone are the days when I could look upon Cersei as a real 'villain'. Now I just see a childish spoiled rich girl looking to her father to solve everything, and not at all fit to control that monster she calls her son. And the way they make Tyrion out to be so noble and chivalrous. I hope they at least show one scene with him where he admits that he thinks favourably on the prospect of ruling Winterfell, but I doubt they'll make him say anything that selfish (because hey, who cares if it shows he's an actual 'human being' and not some perfect hero out of the stories who just happens to be a dwarf?). It's like they're taking all the grey out of two richly defined characters. Why don't they realize that part of GRRM's genius is that he can write complex, not-completely-heroic characters that we love to read about. Even if people hate Cersei, that just shows that her character generates enough of a strong reaction to produce that amount of hate. Normal Complete Monster types of characters (like Joffrey or Gregor Clegane) could never produce that amount of hate. They're just not interesting enough. So why on earth are they adding to Joffrey's atrocities just to try and downplay Cersei's craziness? We already know he's a monster. Giving him more screentime is not necessary to point that out.
3842	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	It's like they're taking all the grey out of two richly defined characters.I agree about Tyrion, but Cersei in the books was never grey, she's jet black.
3843	swoosh stark	2013-05-06	I fine with this change.  I'm not going to nitpick over ever change from the book
3844	Minsc	2013-05-06	I am worried how they are going to successfully portray the Lannisters as villains after the death of Joffrey, seeing how he is the only really unlikable "Lannister" on the show.
3845	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	I am worried how they are going to successfully portray the Lannisters as villains after the death of Joffrey, seeing how he is the only really unlikable "Lannister" on the show.Tywin's pretty unlikeable at this point, I'd say (though he'll be leaving fairly shortly after Joffrey).I've been wondering that as well, though, especially concerning Cersei.  Her chapters in AFFC are some of my favourites for the in-depth portrayal of her narcissistic personality and some of the series' best black comedy, and I'm kind of worried the show will ruin them by trying to make us sympathize with her.
3846	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Agree totally about the whitewashing of both Tyrion and Cersei. Gone are the days when I could look upon Cersei as a real 'villain'. Now I just see a childish spoiled rich girl looking to her father to solve everything, and not at all fit to control that monster she calls her son. And the way they make Tyrion out to be so noble and chivalrous. I hope they at least show one scene with him where he admits that he thinks favourably on the prospect of ruling Winterfell, but I doubt they'll make him say anything that selfish (because hey, who cares if it shows he's an actual 'human being' and not some perfect hero out of the stories who just happens to be a dwarf?). It's like they're taking all the grey out of two richly defined characters. Why don't they realize that part of GRRM's genius is that he can write complex, not-completely-heroic characters that we love to read about. Even if people hate Cersei, that just shows that her character generates enough of a strong reaction to produce that amount of hate. Normal Complete Monster types of characters (like Joffrey or Gregor Clegane) could never produce that amount of hate. They're just not interesting enough. So why on earth are they adding to Joffrey's atrocities just to try and downplay Cersei's craziness? We already know he's a monster. Giving him more screentime is not necessary to point that out.Normal complete monster types aren't given what seemed like a third of a whole book's PoVs so that we had to read this already crazy lady's descent into further levels of madness. The reason why Cersei draws so much hate is because she's unreasonably stupid. To the degree where it's almost unbelievable at times. Joff, Ramsay, they're just cruel and vile people. Cersei draws a lot of hate because having to read someone's incredibly delusional thoughts is maddening.
3847	Minsc	2013-05-06	Tywin's pretty unlikeable at this point, I'd say (though he'll be leaving fairly shortly after Joffrey).I would somewhat disagree in some of my discussions with the unsullied many of them like him seeing him as harsh but fair and somewhat honorable.
3848	Envie	2013-05-06	I'm with the camp that doesn't really care whether they went with the book version and told Sansa the bad news 10 minutes before her shotgun wedding or not. I don't really think having Tyrion tell her is 'whitewashing' his character that much. He already shows a more compassionate side later on when he refuses to force Sansa to have sex with him anyways so I fail to see how this one small scene change is making that big of a difference.
3849	sansatyrell	2013-05-06	One little bit I liked in that scene is Sansa's alarmed reaction to Shae demanding to know why Tyrion wants her to leave the room, and attempting to apologize/cover for her -- since, as far as Sansa knows, Shae is just some random servant, the sort of person it wouldn't typically behoove to question one of the kingdom's big kahunas.ha I really liked that bit as well! a nice little touch in a scene i otherwise didn't really like
3850	Minsc	2013-05-06	so I fail to see how this one small scene change is making that big of a difference.It is just everything added up together is making it so he is simply a good character without any greyness.
3851	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	Honestly, I think some people here are forgetting how relatively white Tyrion was as a character early in the books.  Yes, he's a shade or two lighter on the show, but it's NOT a huge difference.  In the books he gets progressively darker once we get into aSoS, until he's firmly grey.
He's not a static character, he has a bit of a downward arc.  Let's not make the rash assumption just yet that D&D won't let that arc happen.
3852	RedBean	2013-05-06	I agree about Tyrion, but Cersei in the books was never grey, she's jet black.I can understand that point of view. But the main point I wanted to make was that I don't the way the creators of the show are getting rid of Cersei's paranoid character. For me, her most defining trait was the way she always did cruel things, and then painted herself as the victim in her own head. We're completely missing that in the show. In the books, Cersei does crazy things, and doesn't realize how paranoid and cruel she's becoming. In the series, Joffrey does all those crazy cruel things, like killing the bastards, and targeting Tyrion. Cersei just wrings her hands and is completely powerless to stop it.Normal complete monster types aren't given what seemed like a third of a whole book's PoVs so that we had to read this already crazy lady's descent into further levels of madness. The reason why Cersei draws so much hate is because she's unreasonably stupid. To the degree where it's almost unbelievable at times. Joff, Ramsay, they're just cruel and vile people. Cersei draws a lot of hate because having to read someone's incredibly delusional thoughts is maddening.I don't think this is completely true. Cersei was maddening even before she became so stupid. People hated her at the end of AGOT, because she's a villain, worst of all because she's a villain who thinks she's the victim because everyone else is 'less' than her and has to do her bidding. I hate the way the show takes that part of her personality to give to Joffrey. I know Cersei degenerated as a villain even in the books, especially AFFC, but the show does is so much earlier, and it's much more frustrating.
3853	Minsc	2013-05-06	Honestly, I think some people here are forgetting how relatively white Tyrion was as a character early in the books.  Yes, he's a shade or two lighter on the show, but it's NOT a huge difference.  In the books he gets progressively darker once we get into aSoS, until he's firmly grey.Tyrion was always somewhat grey even before ASOS with things such as arming the Vale Mountain People to raid and pillage the Vale's smallfolk, breaking Marillion's fingers, giving Joffrey the antler men, slapping Shae, killing Simon, threatening to beat and rape Tommen, etc.
3854	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	OK, forgot about the Tommen thing, but that wouldn't have played well on TV regardless.  Beyond that though there hasn't been all that much non-negligible deviation.
3855	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	He's not a static character, he has a bit of a downward arc. Let's not make the rash assumption just yet that D&D won't let that arc happen.I think they are very subtly allowing that to happen. Tyrion isnt swaggering around anymore and hes wallowing and just about every conversation he has with someone is about him. By the time Tywin gets it, Tyrion should be full on self pitying fuck face. I hope anyway.
3856	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	I think they are very subtly allowing that to happen. Tyrion isnt swaggering around anymore and hes wallowing and just about every conversation he has with someone is about him. By the time Tywin gets it, Tyrion should be full on self pitying fuck face. I hope anyway.I do think he IS noticeably less glib this season.
3857	KoishNoish	2013-05-06	I'm kind of okay with this deviation. Although I can see the upset by many because assuming Tyrion told her they were to married, and of course he did, then that eliminates the entire Sansa/Tyrion convo before and makes it less believable that she would not comply fully with the wedding. I think this deviation is not such a problem. Although Tyrion is a fan favorite by many (Peter Dinklage plays it so well) I think most people can see and understand why Sansa would not fully comply and go through with the wedding. I think they can still make this a very powerful affair.
3858	Envie	2013-05-06	It is just everything added up together is making it so he is simply a good character without any greyness.What scenes and actions from the books (up to this point in the show) makes Tyrion more 'gray' than we've already been shown that the series isn't doing?
3859	The Night's Prince	2013-05-06	I don't mind about Tyrion really. It'll make it all the more insane when his character changes. It's good foreshadowing.
3860	Hound's She-wolf	2013-05-06	What scenes and actions from the books (up to this point in the show) makes Tyrion more 'gray' than we've already been shown that the series isn't doing?From Minsc post #104: Tyrion was always somewhat grey even before ASOS with things such as arming the Vale Mountain People to raid and pillage the Vale's smallfolk, breaking Marillion's fingers, giving Joffrey the antler men, slapping Shae, killing Simon, threatening to beat and rape Tommen, etc.
3861	Buried Treasure	2013-05-06	This seems to me one of those instances when the TV show is doing a much poorer job than the books in the 'show, don't tell' department. We have a lot of Tyrion telling everybody that Sansa been dealt the worst hand, but they are not really showing that it is worse for her than the other 3 being married off. The way Sansa was informed of her i,pending marriage in the books really showed the horror.I have been OK with Loras not being in the KG at this point of the show, especially as they have not given him any brothers. He doesn't need to be in the KG whilst he hangs around KL, except that he served to remind Jaime of his younger self. But when Tywin threatened to order Loras into the KG it quite  took me out of a scene I had been enjoying. That is not a book-to-screen issue I have with it, but a 'show-canon is of itself weird' objection. Tywin can just order someone to swear a vow forsaking their inheritance? The kingsguard is not a penal colony, and even if someone gets sent to the Nights Watch they have usually committed a crime or lost a war, not been sent by allies that are relying on their family for food and armies (as the QoT was reminding Tyrion just last week).
					
					
							Edited by Buried Treasure, 06 May 2013 - 05:29 PM.
3862	Maxthestig	2013-05-06	I liked the way they handled the scene. Sansa crying at the end is better than watching her break down in front of Tyrion.
3863	Hound's She-wolf	2013-05-06	I have been OK with Loras not being in the KG at this point of the show, especially as they have not given him any brothers. But when Tywin threatened to order Loras into the KG it quite  took me out of a scene I had been enjoying. That is not a book-to-screen issue I have with it, but a 'show-canon is of itself weird' objection. Tywin can just order someone to swear a vow forsaking their inheritance? The kingsguard is not a penal colony, and even if someone gets sent to the Nights Watch they have usually committed a crime or lost a war, not been sent by allies that are relying on your family for food and armies (as the QoT was reminding Tyrion just last week).I had wondered about Tywin ordering Loras, too, even Aerys asked Jaime didn't he? Especially if Loras is the heir, just seemed like something that wouldn't be done.
3864	Minsc	2013-05-06	But when Tywin threatened to order Loras into the KG it quite  took me out of a scene I had been enjoying. That is not a book-to-screen issue I have with it, but a 'show-canon is of itself weird' objection. Tywin can just order someone to swear a vow forsaking their inheritance? The kingsguard is not a penal colony, and even if someone gets sent to the Nights Watch they have usually committed a crime or lost a war, not been sent by allies that are relying on their family for food and armies (as the QoT was reminding Tyrion just last week).Yeah, that was stupid seeing how push come to shove the Tyrells are much more powerful then Tywin is at the moment.  Honestly, I was expecting the QOT to mention that if Tywin tries that then she, Margaery, Loras, and the Tyrell armies will have to return to Highgarden to discuss the matter with Mace thus reminding Tywin without the Tyrells he is finished.
3865	Hound's She-wolf	2013-05-06	Yeah, that was stupid seeing how push come to shove the Tyrells are much more powerful then Tywin is at the moment.  Honestly, I was expecting the QOT to mention that if Tywin tries that then she, Margaery, Loras, and the Tyrell armies will have to return to Highgarden to discuss the matter with Mace thus reminding Tywin without the Tyrells he is finished.She didn't have a problem reminding Tyrion exactly what they Tyrells had brought to King's Landing, so it does seem strange that she didn't remind Tywin, too.
3866	Lady Phedre	2013-05-06	I loved it that in the book she didn't know. And that he DIDN'T go out of his way to warn her. Makes it so much more complex and all the relationships that much more fraught...
3867	Lady Phedre	2013-05-06	I liked the way they handled the scene. Sansa crying at the end is better than watching her break down in front of Tyrion.I just started thinking about this more - assuming that they include the part in their wedding where she refuses to kneel for him to put the cloak on her, she would have had more time to stew on the injustice of it all and more courage to rebel in that moment, I guess.
3868	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	To get Shae to go psycho jealous.
3869	jarl the climber	2013-05-06	Yeah, that was stupid seeing how push come to shove the Tyrells are much more powerful then Tywin is at the moment.  Honestly, I was expecting the QOT to mention that if Tywin tries that then she, Margaery, Loras, and the Tyrell armies will have to return to Highgarden to discuss the matter with Mace thus reminding Tywin without the Tyrells he is finished.I suppose he was using Loras's homosexuality to blackmail the Tyrells. When Ollenna mentioned the incest Tywin brushed it off because it undermined the Lannister claim to the throne and the marriage of Marge to Joff. Her breaking his quill might be a clue that this issue is not really over.
3870	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	To get Shae to go psycho jealous.Is jealous really the right term?  It would be hard to think she believes Tyrion loves Sansa, and she knows damn well that Sansa doesn't love Tyrion.
3871	Minsc	2013-05-06	I suppose he was using Loras's homosexuality to blackmail the Tyrells. When Ollenna mentioned the incest Tywin brushed it off because it undermined the Lannister claim to the throne and the marriage of Marge to Joff. Her breaking his quill might be a clue that this issue is not really over.The thing is I don't believe he has the power to blackmail the Tyrells, seeing how if he pisses off Mace and family the Reach could just march up and sack both Casterly Rock and King's Landing while Tywin can only watch.  Nor does it seem like it is any secret (besides to Sansa) that Loras is gay.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 06 May 2013 - 06:04 PM.
3872	Hoo	2013-05-06	I thought it was a great subtle love triangle scene, without going over the top.  Well done.  It sets up Shea doing something out of revenge.  I really liked that scene.
3873	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Is jealous really the right term?  It would be hard to think she believes Tyrion loves Sansa, and she knows damn well that Sansa doesn't love Tyrion.Yeah but she has to hide all the time and play out the charade while Tyrion publically (sort of) marries Sansa. Book Shae was fine with it. Show Shae in no way will be fine with it. Show Shae wanted Tyrion and her to escape together and just say fuck it all to Westeros but Tyrion explains to her that this is what he was born to do. And now she has to take the backseat to some 16-year old girl. It's expected she will be jealous and resentful.
3874	Grail King	2013-05-06	Has Sansa been told about Winterfell being burned or her brothers' deaths yet?Wasn't that after the marriage in the book version?I can't remember. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
3875	BlackStark	2013-05-06	Wasn't that after the marriage in the book version?I can't remember. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />I am pretty sure she knows about the sacking of Winterfell and the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon prior to her wedding.
3876	juanml82	2013-05-06	This seems to me one of those instances when the TV show is doing a much poorer job than the books in the 'show, don't tell' department. We have a lot of Tyrion telling everybody that Sansa been dealt the worst hand, but they are not really showing that it is worse for her than the other 3 being married off. The way Sansa was informed of her i,pending marriage in the books really showed the horror.I have been OK with Loras not being in the KG at this point of the show, especially as they have not given him any brothers. He doesn't need to be in the KG whilst he hangs around KL, except that he served to remind Jaime of his younger self. But when Tywin threatened to order Loras into the KG it quite  took me out of a scene I had been enjoying. That is not a book-to-screen issue I have with it, but a 'show-canon is of itself weird' objection. Tywin can just order someone to swear a vow forsaking their inheritance? The kingsguard is not a penal colony, and even if someone gets sent to the Nights Watch they have usually committed a crime or lost a war, not been sent by allies that are relying on their family for food and armies (as the QoT was reminding Tyrion just last week).I understood it as in Tywin offering it to Loras, who would be too happy to accept. However, that's not stated that way and, indeed, it makes no sense than the Hand of the King has such a power.
3877	Minsc	2013-05-06	I am pretty sure she knows about the sacking of Winterfell and the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon prior to her wedding.Doesn't Joffrey make fun of her for that sometime before her marriage?  IIRC it revolves around him having a cup with a sigil of all the Great Houses and mentions that they should replace the Direwolf with the Kraken because of how the Greyjoys took Winterfell and "killed" Bran and Rickon.
3878	Newstar	2013-05-06	Is jealous really the right term?  It would be hard to think she believes Tyrion loves Sansa, and she knows damn well that Sansa doesn't love Tyrion.It's hard to tell whether it's pure jealousy, a pure desire to protect Sansa from predatory men, or some combination of the two, but the seeds are definitely being planted for Shae to have a huge problem with Tyrion's intentions towards Sansa. If I wasn't sure after 3x02 with Shae's hackles being raised with Tyrion referring to Sansa as a great beauty, I sure was after 3x06 when Shae suspiciously demanded to know why Tyrion needed to speak with Sansa alone, even to the point of forgetting her "cover" as Sansa's handmaiden and forgetting to address him as "milord."I suspect we'll know more after 3x07, where it's been indicated that Shae will be "chafing at Tyrion's new situation." There will probably be some big Tyrion/Shae discussion (more likely argument) over the marriage where Shae will spell out her concerns.If Shae's feelings tend more towards jealousy than towards an outraged desire to protect Sansa from Tyrion, Shae's sentiments about the marriage might also drive a wedge between her and Sansa. We were also reminded this episode that Shae told Sansa back in 2x06 not to trust her, and Sansa sweetly stated that she trusted Shae anyway. Foreshadowing?We have a lot of Tyrion telling everybody that Sansa been dealt the worst hand, but they are not really showing that it is worse for her than the other 3 being married off.What's to show? Isn't it visually self-explanatory? Of the four, Sansa's the only child, and she's the only one marrying 1) a dwarf and 2) someone old enough to be her parent. Just the shot of them in frame speaks for itself. There's all the other stuff, obviously, (prisoner, abused by Joffrey, Lannisters are at war with her family, hates King's Landing, wants to be as far away from the Lannisters as possible, Tyrion's reputation for boozing and whoring, etc. etc.), but in terms of "showing" why she's the one who's the worst off, that's all they really need to do. If that's not enough for you, they've also made a point in Season 3 of showing Sansa constantly surrounded by a pair of Lannister guards, visually emphasizing her status as a prisoner.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 07:02 PM.
3879	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Doesn't Joffrey make fun of her for that sometime before her marriage?  IIRC it revolves around him having a cup with a sigil of all the Great Houses and mentions that they should replace the Direwolf with the Kraken because of how the Greyjoys took Winterfell and "killed" Bran and Rickon.That cup was a gift from the Martells at Joffrey's wedding, IIRC.
3880	Minsc	2013-05-06	That cup was a gift from the Martells at Joffrey's wedding, IIRC.Ah okay, I just remember Joffrey being a dick about the cup and I thought it was before the RW.What's to show? Isn't it visually self-explanatory? Of the four, Sansa's the only child, and she's the only one marrying 1) a dwarf and 2) someone old enough to be her parent. Just the shot of them in frame speaks for itself. There's all the other stuff, obviously, (prisoner, abused by Joffrey, Lannisters are at war with her family, hates King's Landing, wants to be as far away from the Lannisters as possible, Tyrion's reputation for boozing and whoring, etc. etc.), but in terms of "showing" why she's the one who's the worst off, that's all they really need to do. If that's not enough for you, they've also made a point in Season 3 of showing Sansa constantly surrounded by a pair of Lannister guards, visually emphasizing her status as a prisoner.Quite frankly, I have seen the most people feel sorry for Loras on TWOP then anyone else in the four matches.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 06 May 2013 - 07:04 PM.
3881	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Ah okay, I just remember Joffrey being a dick about the cup and I thought it was before the RW.It only really makes sense after the RW, since that essentially seals the fate of the Starks (At least that's what everyone believes since Bran and Rickon are thought to be dead and the male line extinguished).
3882	Aslerys	2013-05-06	Maybe Shae will think  that the marriage was Tyrion's idea and then she will tell Sansa who will have one more reason to dislike him, this time on  a personal level .
					
					
							Edited by Aslerys, 06 May 2013 - 07:05 PM.
3883	Minsc	2013-05-06	It only really makes sense after the RW, since that essentially seals the fate of the Starks (At least that's what everyone believes since Bran and Rickon are thought to be dead and the male line extinguished).You are correct, I don't know why I thought that.
3884	Newstar	2013-05-06	Quite frankly, I have seen the most people feel sorry for Loras on TWOP then anyone else in the four matches.So? TWOP isn't necessarily representative of the viewership.I just started thinking about this more - assuming that they include the part in their wedding where she refuses to kneel for him to put the cloak on her, she would have had more time to stew on the injustice of it all and more courage to rebel in that moment, I guess.I don't think the cloak exchange will make it into the show. I could see Sansa refusing to kneel for the kiss, though. If you look at the layout of the Great Sept, there are several levels. The lowest level is where all the wedding guests stand, and then there are (seven, I assume) sets of stairs leading up to another level, and then another set of stairs leading to the uppermost level. If you look very carefully, one of the sets of steps leads up to something that looks very like an altar. I'm guessing this is where Tyrion and Sansa are standing when they get married. Rather than having Tyrion climb on somebody's back to kiss her, I'm thinking Tyrion has to ascend several steps to be at the right height to kiss her, which would make for an absurd visual.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 07:19 PM.
3885	Minsc	2013-05-06	So? TWOP isn't necessarily representative of the viewership.Just saying that a segment of viewership doesn't think Sansa is getting the worst out of the deal.
3886	Newstar	2013-05-06	Just saying that a segment of viewership doesn't think Sansa is getting the worst out of the deal.Well, short of the writers getting their hands on a pile of Hypno-toads, viewers are going to think what they're going to think. A (blessedly small) portion of the readership of the books thinks that Sansa and Littlefinger should totes hook up, even though GRRM goes to considerable pains to depict the relationship as creepy, manipulative, and abusive. Does that mean that GRRM is falling down on the job, because some readers have an opinion he has failed to head off at the pass 100%? I think it's silly to blame the writers for viewers coming to their own conclusions about things. It doesn't mean that the writers failed to do their jobs or didn't "show" something adequately. I guarantee that at any given moment, "a segment of viewership" is always going to think something that isn't reflected in the writing. That's pretty much how it works.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 07:19 PM.
3887	go joff go	2013-05-06	I think the show wanted to hold off on the interaction b/t Sansa and Tyrion.  Other then Cersei and Tyrion they have made an effort to minimize the number of times characters interact, which I love.  Thats one of the fun things about KL is that there is usually a ton of cool character together in one place.  The show has given us the opporunity to see a lot of interaction that we never saw.  So in Tyrion and Sansa case I think they want your impression of the two together to be really shaped by the wedding scene.
3888	Newstar	2013-05-06	I think the show wanted to hold off on the interaction b/t Sansa and Tyrion.  Other then Cersei and Tyrion they have made an effort to minimize the number of times characters interact, which I love.  Thats one of the fun things about KL is that there is usually a ton of cool character together in one place.  The show has given us the opporunity to see a lot of interaction that we never saw.  So in Tyrion and Sansa case I think they want your impression of the two together to be really shaped by the wedding scene.To be fair, Tyrion and Sansa don't interact at all in ASOS until 30 seconds before their wedding proper, so the show has already deviated from that by writing Tyrion as giving Sansa some advance notice (and giving some space in Episode 7 for the fallout of that, both from Sansa's and Shae's perspectives). Granted, it's not much advance notice, if the Red Wedding is supposed to be two weeks from 3x06 and Sansa and Tyrion get married before that, but to be fair it seems like there isn't much of a time lapse between Tyrion and Cersei finding out in 3x05 and Tyrion telling Sansa in 3x06.I agree that they're not writing a lot of non-book Tyrion/Sansa interactions, but there were no non-book Tyrion/Sansa scenes in Season 2 except for the very brief interaction in the Sandor/Sansa deleted scene that was supposed to go in 2x03 (and which got the axe anyway). Besides, it diminishes the shock value of the engagement if Tyrion and Sansa have Season 3 scenes before the engagement is conceived.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 May 2013 - 07:56 PM.
3889	wolverine	2013-05-06	Just saying that a segment of viewership doesn't think Sansa is getting the worst out of the deal.Just saying that a segment of viewership doesn't think Sansa is getting the worst out of the deal.Probably because Tyrion is unambiguously wonderful guy on the show instead of who he is in the books.And  WTF is TWOP?
3890	Minsc	2013-05-06	Probably because Tyrion is unambiguously wonderful guy on the show instead of who he is in the books.And  WTF is TWOP?Television without Pity, it is a forum where people discuss TV Shows. They have a special thread where only show watchers can discuss her interpretations and predictions regarding the show.
3891	shiola	2013-05-06	I liked it, because I think Sansa deserved to find out in that setting.  The girl gets so much shit in her life, she deserves the small mercy of finding out in a private setting.
I thought it was so tragic in the books and so embarrassing and traumatic.  It still is, but to a much lesser degree because she has time to numb herself to it and slide back into her obedient role that she's learned since the end of season 1.
3892	aedalia	2013-05-06	I think telling Sansa so far ahead of time will let a few things become meltdowns:
1. We get to see her regret not leaving with LF, so she's in a "Oh Gods, I've really effed this up, I should have trusted him" kind of mood. Which is interesting later on.
2. The whole Shae dynamic gets pushed up.
3. I think we still might get a Cersei is cruel scene by her faking joy in the whole thing when she brings Sansa her wedding dress. She'll probably be all, "Oh, and I'm going to marry Loras" just to drive it home that the Lannisters have been terrible to Sansa.
4. We'll still get Joff giving her away- although I imagine a slight change in dialogue where Joff will say something to the effect that Tyrion is going to let Joff have her anyway. This way, when Sansa pulls her "wildling moment" viewer people won't be so upset with her.
3893	aedalia	2013-05-06	I am pretty sure she knows about the sacking of Winterfell and the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon prior to her wedding.I also believe she does. I'm interested to see where they take this whole thing. Prevailing opinion seems to be that Bran and Rickon are dead (Tywin says so) but Cat is still all, "We don't know for sure." I'm a little disappointed in that. Totally OT, but I was looking forward to that scene she was going to have with Brienne.At this point, it's just more convenient for the Lannisters to believe the boys are dead.
3894	Gannicus	2013-05-06	I liked the change, but it would have been nice to see the conversation and the facial expressions of all three of them.
I hope we don't see Cersei twist the knife in Sansa anymore.  I really like that the show has made Cersei and Tyrion better people. It's more believable and certainly better television.
3895	Tirilei	2013-05-07	Sansa wears gray dresses in every scene. Gray with a bit of lavender, and a heavy, warm material with long sleeves. Because she is from the north? Gray as the color of wolves?  Or maybe also as an expression of her mood.  The gray and lavender go very well with the red hair color they gave her, but the dresses look just too warm for the area. And that gown that she was trying on when Tyrion entered her room, that just looked awful.
3896	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-07	Sansa wears gray dresses in every scene. Gray with a bit of lavender, and a heavy, warm material with long sleeves. Because she is from the north? Gray as the color of wolves?  Or maybe also as an expression of her mood.  The gray and lavender go very well with the red hair color they gave her, but the dresses look just too warm for the area. And that gown that she was trying on when Tyrion entered her room, that just looked awful.Didn't she say in this episode that she hoped Highgarden had better dressers than the ones in King's Landing? Or that she hoped Highgarden had more beautiful dresses, than the ones they gave her in King's Landing?
3897	BlackStark	2013-05-07	I liked it, because I think Sansa deserved to find out in that setting.  The girl gets so much shit in her life, she deserves the small mercy of finding out in a private setting.I thought it was so tragic in the books and so embarrassing and traumatic.  It still is, but to a much lesser degree because she has time to numb herself to it and slide back into her obedient role that she's learned since the end of season 1.But it removes the impact of her act of defiance during the wedding, her refusal to kneel for Tyrion.  Given the popularity of the characters (high for Tyrion, low for Sansa), I cannot see her humiliating him going over well with the fandom especially given she has been forewarned and given the ability to "numb herself."  I am afraid that rather than a "You go Sansa" moment it will instead be viewed as "Why is she being such a bitch?", continuing the further diminishing of the character by the writers.
3898	sansatyrell	2013-05-07	But it removes the impact of her act of defiance during the wedding, her refusal to kneel for Tyrion.  Given the popularity of the characters (high for Tyrion, low for Sansa), I cannot see her humiliating him going over well with the fandom especially given she has been forewarned and given the ability to "numb herself."  I am afraid that rather than a "You go Sansa" moment it will instead be viewed as "Why is she being such a bitch?", continuing the further diminishing of the character by the writers.yeah I sense (and have already seen a lot of) "nice guy" syndrome coming regarding tyrion and sansa's behavior towards him. so tired of it. people have to remember that sansa's a 13/14 year old girl who's had everything ripped from her. repeatedly.
3899	Mendoza	2013-05-07	But it removes the impact of her act of defiance during the wedding, her refusal to kneel for Tyrion.  Given the popularity of the characters (high for Tyrion, low for Sansa), I cannot see her humiliating him going over well with the fandom especially given she has been forewarned and given the ability to "numb herself."  I am afraid that rather than a "You go Sansa" moment it will instead be viewed as "Why is she being such a bitch?", continuing the further diminishing of the character by the writers.Given that the show is hitting ratings peaks each week this season and Tryion has little or no story arch so far in season3, I actually think his popularity on the show is overstated. The show just keeps trucking along. Compare him being sidelined to the death of Ned and the outrage it caused, who people loved. I think people are fond of Tyrion, but I think people love the Starks. Just my two cents.I also think they are creating scenes for Peter as his character has nothing to do, thus we get the worst scene in the entire series, Pod and the whores comedy hour.
3900	Minsc	2013-05-07	Given that the show is hitting ratings peaks each week this season and Tryion has little or no story arch so far in season3, I actually think his popularity on the show is overstated. The show just keeps trucking along. Compare him being sidelined to the death of Ned and the outrage it caused, who people loved. I think people are fond of Tyrion, but I think people love the Starks. Just my two cents.I also think they are creating scenes for Peter as his character has nothing to do, thus we get the worst scene in the entire series, Pod and the whores comedy hour.Maybe they could actually do scenes where Tyrion is actually dark, instead of continuing to whitewash him.  Hell, they could do the Symon side plot or they could have gradually become more excited for his future claim while ignoring Sansa's feelings anything besides another two bit scene where we are supposed to respond to with "gee Tyrion is a swell guy."
3901	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	I liked the way they handled the scene. Sansa crying at the end is better than watching her break down in front of Tyrion.Well, some folk (me for instance) aren't going to muster much sympathy for Sansa either way, especially when portrayed by a 17 year old rather than a 13/14 year old.  She's concerned about who makes prettier dresses, while her younger brothers are running for their lives, Arya is living in the wild, and Robb is fighting battles and trying to win a war.  She doesn't appear to be alcking in any creature comforts, lives in a nice castle witha handmaiden....she just doesn't seem to be suffereing nearly as much in comparison.
3902	Rapsie	2013-05-07	Well, some folk (me for instance) aren't going to muster much sympathy for Sansa either way, especially when portrayed by a 17 year old rather than a 13/14 year old.  She's concerned about who makes prettier dresses, while her younger brothers are running for their lives, Arya is living in the wild, and Robb is fighting battles and trying to win a war.  She doesn't appear to be alcking in any creature comforts, lives in a nice castle witha handmaiden....she just doesn't seem to be suffereing nearly as much in comparison.They have completely cut out the fact she was beaten relentlessly and had to deal with Cersei until the BBW and was spoken to by no one and treated like a pariah, unable to mourn her father and surrounded by spies. Seriously they have mucked up her character and whole arc.Edit: Unless we have got it wrong and the scene was Tyrion telling her about Bran and Rickon's deaths. Something we didn't see in the books, which would have been a good change for the show.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 07 May 2013 - 02:13 PM.
3903	sansatyrell	2013-05-07	Well, some folk (me for instance) aren't going to muster much sympathy for Sansa either way, especially when portrayed by a 17 year old rather than a 13/14 year old.  She's concerned about who makes prettier dresses, while her younger brothers are running for their lives, Arya is living in the wild, and Robb is fighting battles and trying to win a war.  She doesn't appear to be alcking in any creature comforts, lives in a nice castle witha handmaiden....she just doesn't seem to be suffering nearly as much in comparison.lol yeah technically she's better off because she's not literally running for her life (at the moment), but she has been reduced to a pawn - like she might as well be an inanimate object with the way people treat her. she's been physically abused, nearly raped, and has NO freedom. i hate playing the "who's got it worse" game, because everyone's got it pretty freaking awful in different ways.
3904	juanml82	2013-05-07	yeah I sense (and have already seen a lot of) "nice guy" syndrome coming regarding tyrion and sansa's behavior towards him. so tired of it. people have to remember that sansa's a 13/14 year old girl who's had everything ripped from her. repeatedly.But she doesn't look like a 13/14 year old girl, she looks around 17. And that's what matters. It doesn't matter if HBO website claims she's younger, if Tyrion says she's just a little girl or even if they mention her age in dialogues. She looks older.And she is having a comfy life this season. Even the guards watching over her are so in the background it's not that noticeable that she's a prisoner. Add that she hasn't been beaten or threatened this season and that her home is burnt to the ground, and her stay in King's Landing doesn't seem that bad. She's definitely in a more comfortable position than her siblings this season.It would have been great if they have a short scene where she's told about Bran and Rickon' supposed deaths, so at least viewers can feel some pity for her. Or her wishing she'd reunite with Arya (Ok, that would cause a lot of die hard book fans to complain as well, but it would humanize her and put her relationship with her family in context)
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 07 May 2013 - 02:16 PM.
3905	Mendoza	2013-05-07	Maybe they could actually do scenes where Tyrion is actually dark, instead of continuing to whitewash him.  Hell, they could do the Symon side plot or they could have gradually become more excited for his future claim while ignoring Sansa's feelings anything besides another two bit scene where we are supposed to respond to with "gee Tyrion is a swell guy."It's confounding that they've made Tyrion such a passive character this season (forced into marraige instead of convinced) and that is a knock on Sansa, yet here, its supposedly making Tyrion more of a 'swell guy'. An aggressive girl is a bitch, a passive girl is a pushover. If its ok for Arya to escape from this evil family, I say its ok for Sansa to do as well. That's an objective truth. People who see Sansa as a prize for Tyrion never really understood their storyline in the first place, I'd say.If Tyrion isn't interested in bedding an underage hottie and the claim their child would have, then what is he after? What is his storyline in season three? Why waste screen any screen time on him if they aren't going do his story? If I take my stream of consciousness to its conclusion, it isn't Tyrion that's popular on the show, its Peter the actor, even if he isn't doing anything interesting at all.
					
					
							Edited by Mendoza, 07 May 2013 - 02:28 PM.
3906	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	lol yeah technically she's better off because she's not literally running for her life (at the moment), but she has been reduced to a pawn - like she might as well be an inanimate object with the way people treat her.That makes her still far better off than a great many other people in Westeros, right?  One of the recurring themes we see in the books is how the concerns of the nobility over power really pale in terms of human significance when compared to the smallfolk who are starving to death/dying.  Why should we feel any particular compasion for her?she's been physically abused, nearly raped, and has NO freedom. i hate playing the "who's got it worse" game, because everyone's got it pretty freaking awful in different ways.The "who's got it worse" game is relevant to how people are going to determine who is worthy of great sympathy.    Sure, some folks who identify with Sansa for some particular reason may feel more for her, but to a lot of other folks who will compare her situation to that of her other family members and 90% of Westerosi, she doesn't have it all that bad.  So to see her blubbering as LF's ship sales away....eh, eye-rolling territory for me.
3907	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	But she doesn't look like a 13/14 year old girl, she looks around 17. And that's what matters. It doesn't matter if HBO website claims she's younger, if Tyrion says she's just a little girl or even if they mention her age in dialogues. She looks older.And she is having a comfy life this season. Even the guards watching over her are so in the background it's not that noticeable that she's a prisoner. Add that she hasn't been beaten or threatened this season and that her home is burnt to the ground, and her stay in King's Landing doesn't seem that bad. She's definitely in a more comfortable position than her siblings this season.It would have been great if they have a short scene where she's told about Bran and Rickon' supposed deaths, so at least viewers can feel some pity for her. Or her wishing she'd reunite with Arya (Ok, that would cause a lot of die hard book fans to complain as well, but it would humanize her and put her relationship with her family in context)I believe one thing that really hurts how she is perceived is her relative lack of expressed concern for what is happening to the rest of her family. They didn't do her any favors with the naivete of her "do you think they'll let my family come" question.  No, Sansa, they won't, because they are trying to kill your little batch of traitors.   But thanks for being more concerned about whether they can be at your wedding than whether they're actually, you know, still alive.
3908	Minsc	2013-05-07	That makes her still far better off than a great many other people in Westeros, right?  One of the recurring themes we see in the books is how the concerns of the nobility over power really pale in terms of human significance when compared to the smallfolk who are starving to death/dying.  Why should we feel any particular compasion for her?The "who's got it worse" game is relevant to how people are going to determine who is worthy of great sympathy.	Sure, some folks who identify with Sansa for some particular reason may feel more for her, but to a lot of other folks who will compare her situation to that of her other family members and 90% of Westerosi, she doesn't have it all that bad.  So to see her blubbering as LF's ship sales away....eh, eye-rolling territory for me.And yet people feel bad for emo Jon, who despite being raised better then 99% of Westeros and is in safer conditions then all of his siblings, when he continues to whine about how he didn't get to sit a big table or how Catelyn didn't love him.
3909	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	Yeah, this scene bothered me a lot.  As had been mentioned by other posters, it was bizarre - to me -that they had Tyrion tell her in the first placethat she was given 'advance' warningthat he went on and told her with Shae in the room (please, he could have insisted on being alone with Sansa, though I read another poster who said they thought this was a set up for Shae's jealousy to be built up to the point where she'd later testify against Tyrion)At any rate, it's much more appropriate to have Cercei just waltz up and spring it on her en route to the altar, so to speak.  More characteristic of Cercei, more pain and unfairness to Sansa (as the whole thing was both).Nonetheless, the whole marriage prospect ensures that Sansa will indeed sail away with LF, however it's officially engineered.
3910	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	that he went on and told her with Shae in the room (please, he could have insisted on being alone with Sansa, though I read another poster who said they thought this was a set up for Shae's jealousy to be built up to the point where she'd later testify against Tyrion)He could have insisted but why deliberately insult his lover? And, yes, I'd say that is not only possible but extremely likely.
3911	greensleeves	2013-05-07	yeah I sense (and have already seen a lot of) "nice guy" syndrome coming regarding tyrion and sansa's behavior towards him. so tired of it.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> It's super disgusting.  I've also seen a lot of derision towards Sansa for being excited by the Loras marriage, but truthfully that was a relatively good option for her.   She had reason to hope for it.  Instead people have just been calling her an idiot.  It seems like they've forgotten about Sansa's position as a prisoner.They have completely cut out the fact she was beaten relentlessly and had to deal with Cersei until the BBW and was spoken to by no one and treated like a pariah, unable to mourn her father and surrounded by spies. Seriously they have mucked up her character and whole arc.Edit: Unless we have got it wrong and the scene was Tyrion telling her about Bran and Rickon's deaths. Something we didn't see in the books, which would have been a good change for the show.Yes, Sansa's trials are much less apparent in the show, or even absent.  I like her friendship with Shae, but it does take away from her complete social isolation.I think it's pretty clear that Tyrion was telling her about their engagement (the looks with Shae, the conversation with Cersei immediately beforehand, and Sansa's longing look at Littlefinger's boat are all evidence of it).The "who's got it worse" game is relevant to how people are going to determine who is worthy of great sympathy.	Sure, some folks who identify with Sansa for some particular reason may feel more for her, but to a lot of other folks who will compare her situation to that of her other family members and 90% of Westerosi, she doesn't have it all that bad.  So to see her blubbering as LF's ship sales away....eh, eye-rolling territory for me.I think that this is one reason why editing out that scene takes away from Sansa's arc.  In the books, the scene between Sansa and Cersei emphasizes Sansa's continued ill will towards the Lannisters (thus also reinforcing her loyalty to her own family) as well as her powerlessness.  It also clearly shows that Sansa is being put in a position where she is expected to be repeatedly raped.With the scene cut it's easier to overlook.
3912	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	And another thing about this whole plot change - It was Littlefinger's ship she watched sail away, right? So what the hell do they plan on doing with Sansa down the line? Because obviously her going with Petyr was huge in the books, so unless he comes back for her...?Which means if he comes back for her it will be exactly what he did in the books(except it looks like he will actually go to the Vale before coming back, absolutely not a problem for LF and his TARDIS.)Since the QoT refuses the marriage, Loras is named as a Kingsguard member and the Tyrell's plans to marry Sansa to him are gone anyway.   Since Loras is only Tyrell male/heir in the show, there was no real need for a secret shotgun wedding once he was removed from the picture.The QoTs didn't refuse the marriage, she refused to let Tywin name Loras to the Kingsguard and accepted the marriage proposal.I think you're getting really confused. The show made Loras the oldest male Tyrell, they've left the door open for him to have younger brothers, even with Tywin's comment, Tywin still considers Jaime his oldest son and heir even though he's in the Kingsguard and he just gave the Queen of Thorns that speech. Unreliable narrator possibly, though he does seem to think that Loras doesn't have any younger brothers.That is probably confusing because everyone knows from the books that Loras does in fact join the Kingsguard, so I'm not sure how that part will play out since on the show he's supposedly the only heir to highgarden (which I object to the change).We know he has a sister, apparently Tywin doesn't think he has any younger brothers so he's not the only heir to Highgarden.I agree that it is a little confusing right now as to why Loras still isn't in the KG.  The only explanation I can think of at this point is that, while the QoT has accepted the match, Loras still hasn't.  There's not much he can do about it, Loras has to marry and have children.It does seem interesting that in this same episode we get a line from Edmure saying that no man can be forced to marry against his will (or something along those lines).He brings up the Laws of God's and Men. Basically since Edmure is Lord of Riverrun, there's no one that can force him to marry anyone. I'm not so sure that Lords can't arrange marriages for their younger brothers and sisters. (Sansa/Joffrey) arranged by their fathers. (Arya/Emmond Frey) arranged by Robb(acting Lord of Winterfell(Ned was still alive at this point)) and Walder Frey.Again also not sure about the rules once a man comes of age. They probably get the choice of marriage assuming they haven't already been betrothed by their father/lord etc.  Perhaps when Loras is presented with the offer/threat he chooses the KG rather than Cersei.  That would, IMHO anyway, be in line with his character afterall.Again KG is not the NIght's Watch. It's not something he can just voluntarily join to get out of his marriage. Cersei is the mother of someone that can name a member to the Kingsguard though.I disagree.  Reintroducing Dontos to Sansa as a potential way to help her escape, and her subsequently trusting him, could be passed off easily as an example of her increasing sense of desperation to escape Kings Landing and the Lannisters.  She wants to escape, she needs to escape, and her trusting a drunk fool is an example of just how desperate she is to try to do that.We'll just have to see how it plays out, there was a theory that Ros would help Sansa escape and I'm pretty sure that theory died in this weeks episode. I suppose it could be Shae but how she got warned about LF and now Ros is dead would probably not make her trust LF.I think Dantos might make a comeback.I think Talisa will take fake Arya's partTalisa has no claim to Winterfell, unless she's bearing Robb's child.But on an other topic:All who say Sansa could be seen as 'ungratefull' whatsoever I think she was told in the show so we can get a scene with her where it is explained. Her thoughts out of the book they can't show otherwise can be shown, so the viewers can understand her feeling and why the marriage is so horrible for her at the moment /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Maybe Cersei convinces Joffrey to draw up the order for Loras to join the KG? That would be a nice F-- you to both her father AND the Tyrells. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Agree totally about the whitewashing of both Tyrion and Cersei. Gone are the days when I could look upon Cersei as a real 'villain'. Now I just see a childish spoiled rich girl looking to her father to solve everything, and not at all fit to control that monster she calls her son.I don't think Cersei doesn't become a true villian until after her father's death.And the way they make Tyrion out to be so noble and chivalrous. I hope they at least show one scene with him where he admits that he thinks favourably on the prospect of ruling Winterfell, but I doubt they'll make him say anything that selfish (because hey, who cares if it shows he's an actual 'human being' and not some perfect hero out of the stories who just happens to be a dwarf?). It's like they're taking all the grey out [of two richly defined characters.Tyrion and his father have already both explained that Sansa has an old name, she's heir to Winterfell etc. I think Tyrion will have to explain that he's going to go through with the marriage in order to escape KL and possibly rule Winterfell. The question is will Shae be happy to go to Winterfell with her Lion?Why don't they realize that part of GRRM's genius is that he can write complex, not-completely-heroic characters that we love to read about.Do you realize that there's nothing to read on this show except subtitles of Darthaki and ValyrianEven if people hate Cersei, that just shows that her character generates enough of a strong reaction to produce that amount of hate. Normal Complete Monster types of characters (like Joffrey or Gregor Clegane) could never produce that amount of hate. They're just not interesting enough. So why on earth are they adding to Joffrey's atrocities just to try and downplay Cersei's craziness? We already know he's a monster. Giving him more screentime is not necessary to point that out.If I had to guess it might be so they can show how the loss of her family changes her to a much darker character. We don't get a Cersei POV until Feast for Crows.
3913	alexislalas	2013-05-07	Hey guys, new here, first post! So I don't know if somebody already told the following theory:
Maybe Tyrion told Sansa that Cersei was goint to marry Loras instead of her, not necessarily that he was going to wed Sansa.
Just a thought.
3914	sansatyrell	2013-05-07	Hey guys, new here, first post! So I don't know if somebody already told the following theory:Maybe Tyrion told Sansa that Cersei was goint to marry Loras instead of her, not necessarily that he was going to wed Sansa.Just a thought.(I can't say I've read every post, so I don't know if that theory's been discussed but)It's an interesting thought, but I definitely think Tyrion told Sansa they were going to get married based on Sansa's tears afterwards. Maybe he happened to tell about Cersei as well, but at that point I don't think it matters - really just adding insult to injury.
3915	Envie	2013-05-07	Hey guys, new here, first post! So I don't know if somebody already told the following theory:Maybe Tyrion told Sansa that Cersei was goint to marry Loras instead of her, not necessarily that he was going to wed Sansa.Just a thought.Your thought crossed my mind as well after I watched the episode again. I thought to myself, "Maybe they're just making it look like Tyrion told her he's marrying her when in fact he told her that Loras has to wed Cersei instead" - either news would make her pretty upset and sad she didn't take LF up on his offer and she'd still stand there crying as his ship left the harbor, right?The only thing that makes me think he DID in fact tell her he has to marry her is the bit he said about "Sometimes we want to hear things and then later wished we had heard in totally different circumstances" which was clearly in reference to Shae's insistence on staying in the room and Sansa allowing her to stay. If Tyrion was telling her something other than what he knew was also going to upset Shae, he would not have given that big hint, I think.
3916	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	I thought it was too bad that they didn't show how he actually told her. That would have been a good scene for them to act. For all three of them actually.This was my thought as well.  That could have been an awesome scene.
3917	alexislalas	2013-05-07	Also, I really hated how they handled this issue, as not being the surprise for Sansa in the book as Cersei prepares her for the wedding with Tyrion.
3918	Newstar	2013-05-07	When you think about it, though, it makes sense that they cut Tyrion telling Shae and Sansa that she's to marry him and that Cersei is to marry Loras instead. Sansa would have been upset at learning that she wasn't to marry Loras, sure, but she wouldn't have been devastated yet, since she would still mentally be falling back to the original plan to escape King's Landing, which is asking Littlefinger to take her with him. Her reaction wouldn't be as emotional as we would otherwise expect, since she would still be thinking that she had a possible out (in the form of Littlefinger). She would be all "Yeah, yeah, sure, we'll get married, Tyrion, whatever you say, now if you'll excuse me..." Heck, Tyrion would likely be thinking after the conversation that she took the news fairly well, but of course it would only be because at the time she thought she had a way out of the marriage. It's only later, when she's looking out at the ship sailing away, that she understands that she's completely screwed and that she has no way of escaping King's Landing or an unwanted marriage, and that's when the waterworks start.I suspect we'll see more about Sansa's reaction to the engagement in 3x07. Maybe some of her internal pre-wedding dialogue about how they only want her for her claim (assuming she realizes this or someone points it out), she doesn't want any Lannister, she wants Loras (Willas in the books), etc. etc. will be "externalized" in the form of dialogue with another character, much like Tyrion's "I was wed" to Tywin in 3x05 (never spoken in the books). Or we might get a part of Cersei's dialogue with Sansa before the wedding about Tyrion being a loathsome little imp, etc. etc. although it will lose a bit of its punch now that Sansa has advance warning of the wedding (as opposed to the ambush in the books).
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 07 May 2013 - 11:55 PM.
3919	Tirilei	2013-05-07	Is the ship really sailing away?  I thought it was anchored in the bay and that she was looking at it because she is reconsidereing.
3920	sastelise	2013-05-07	Didn't TV Tywin already tell TV Tyrion that he'll never inherit Casterly rock? I can't remember, but if he did, then Tyrion's objections about the marriage are only pretense ("she's just a child!"). Like in the books, he has a lot to gain by wedding Sansa. In his POV in the books he admits to being attracted to Sansa for Winterfell as much as for her beauty. Maybe the show is playing down his desire and greed and making it look as if Tyrion's objections are that of a nice guy. But how nice is he gonna look after the RW, when Tyrion does nothing to help Sansa go home? Though he's not completely free either, he has money and intelligence enough to set Sansa free and have their marriage annulled. At a certain point even TV viewers will have to recognize that Tyrion has his own interests, that he's not entirely forced into the marriage, and that he's not the heroic good guy, no?
3921	sansatyrell	2013-05-07	I suspect we'll see more about Sansa's reaction to the engagement in 3x07. Maybe some of her internal pre-wedding dialogue about how they only want her for her claim (assuming she realizes this or someone points it out), she doesn't want any Lannister, she wants Loras (Willas in the books), etc. etc. will be "externalized" in the form of dialogue with another character, much like Tyrion's "I was wed" to Tywin in 3x05 (never spoken in the books). Or we might get a part of Cersei's dialogue with Sansa before the wedding about Tyrion being a loathsome little imp, etc. etc. although it will lose a bit of its punch now that Sansa has advance warning of the wedding (as opposed to the ambush in the books).I hope you're right! We did see a flash of Sansa in the preview for ep7, so hopefully we'll get some meaningful scenes from her digesting/absorbing/discussing the news
3922	Newstar	2013-05-08	Is the ship really sailing away?  I thought it was anchored in the bay and that she was looking at it because she is reconsidereing.Nope, the ship is sailing away. She is sobbing because the ship--representing her only remaining shot at escaping the city she hates so much (as we're reminded again in this episode in the Loras/Sansa scene)--has literally and figuratively sailed. Also, Littlefinger talks about those who fall (Ros) and those who "refuse to climb" (Sansa, rejecting Littlefinger's offer of aid in favour of Loras). There are also parallels between Ros and Sansa in 3x06 and the closing monologue/montage, in that both moved against Littlefinger, their supposed benefactor, by pursuing more attractive options (Varys' protection/marriage to Loras and escape to Highgarden), and that he ruthlessly screwed them over in retaliation (feeding Ros to Joffrey as punishment for betraying his plans to Varys/selling Sansa out to the Lannisters and then fleeing before Sansa could do anything about it, punishing her for turning him down in favour of Loras and the Tyrells). The parallel doesn't hold up if Sansa still has a shot at escaping King's Landing (for the moment, anyway).Didn't TV Tywin already tell TV Tyrion that he'll never inherit Casterly rock? I can't remember, but if he did, then Tyrion's objections about the marriage are only pretense ("she's just a child!").It's hard to know the final TV show word on TV Tyrion's feelings about the marriage. I expect Shae and Tyrion will have some sort of blowout in 3x07 about the engagement, so there might be a bit more as to TV Tyrion's real feelings on the matter: whether he wants to be lord of Winterfell, whether he likes the idea of Sansa as a wife, and so on. It's a bit early at this stage to come to any conclusions. I will say that as of the end of 3x06, there's been nothing in the show so far to suggest that TV Tyrion has any interest whatsoever in Sansa's beauty or in her claim. The suggestion seems to be on the show that he's being coerced (unlike in the books, where he was persuaded with Winterfell as the lure), that he is absolutely certain that the marriage is going to be a total disaster (unlike in the books, where he held out some hope that it wouldn't), and that he has zero interest in Sansa as a bride (unlike in the books). Again, that could change, depending on what's said or what remains unsaid in 3x07, but this seems to be the TV version of events.I hope you're right! We did see a flash of Sansa in the preview for ep7, so hopefully we'll get some meaningful scenes from her digesting/absorbing/discussing the newsThere was a flash of Sansa, looking pissed (and crying, if you look at a high-quality screencap of that scene in the promo). I'm guessing she finally swallows the bitter pill that the Lannisters are and the Tyrells were only interested in her claim. There's been no indication to date on the show either that she's aware that she has a potential claim or that it is the reason the Tyrells were pursuing her as a bride, but this understanding is a big part of her thought process in the books. I wouldn't be surprised if we had a scene where she finally realized this (although for some reason I doubt that Loras' sexuality will be made clear to her).The last time GRRM wrote Sansa (2x09), she seemed a little sharper, more poised and more aware than she usually does in the TV show, so maybe her characterization will be a little different in 3x07 as well. We shall see.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 May 2013 - 12:26 AM.
3923	Tirilei	2013-05-08	I've also seen a lot of derision towards Sansa for being excited by the Loras marriage, but truthfully that was a relatively good option for her.   She had reason to hope for it.True. At least Loras is friendly towards her.  Given her situation, that's a lot better than anything she has had so far.  When they sit together in the park, he seems to get serious for a moment when she mentions getting away from that place, and he responds "it's a terrible place, isn't it?"  For a moment it actually sounded as if he understands and as if they could develop friendship and understanding for each other. In the days of forced marriages, for a woman to marry a gay man with whom she has friendship, trust, mutual respect and understanding would have been a lot better than many other options. Many aristocrats kept their concubines and only "visited" their wives to produce an heir but otherwise took no interest in them.
3924	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-08	True. At least Loras is friendly towards her.  Given her situation, that's a lot better than anything she has had so far.  When they sit together in the park, he seems to get serious for a moment when she mentions getting away from that place, and he responds "it's a terrible place, isn't it?"  For a moment it actually sounded as if he understands and as if they could develop friendship and understanding for each other. In the days of forced marriages, for a woman to marry a gay man with whom she has friendship, trust, mutual respect and understanding would have been a lot better than many other options. Many aristocrats kept their concubines and only "visited" their wives to produce an heir but otherwise took no interest in them.I actually liked the Loras/Sansa scene.  They were two rather different young people suddenly facing a marriage; and trying to bridge the strangeness.  Loras was actually trying to be nice and reach out to Sansa; and Sansa dared to let him know how she disliked King's Landing.  Not saying a marriage between them would have definitely worked; since I think Sansa might have been squicked/freaked out by Loras' preferring men to her; but it would have had a chance (she could have also continued to be grateful that she was Mrs. Loras in Highgarden rather than a Lannister hostage in KL; and if Loras managed to sire a couple of kids, they could have bonded over them).Now Sansa has hope snatched away from her again while she's bound even tighter to the Lannisters. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  The poor girl just can't catch a break!
3925	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	And yet people feel bad for emo Jon, who despite being raised better then 99% of Westeros and is in safer conditions then all of his siblings....I'm not a huge fan of him either, but you're overlooking the part of him being north of the Wall, surrounded by enemies who would gladly kill him, tasked with spending the rest of  his life on a frozen wall fighting wildings and Others in conditions no better than that of the dregs who are likewised sentence to a life with the NW, with no hope of love or family unless he breaks his vow and suffers a lifelong death sentence....Not to mention that unlike Sansa being a member of the high nobility (and therefore generally better off than 95% of Westerosi), Jon is not a member of the nobility.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 10:13 AM.
3926	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	It's confounding that they've made Tyrion such a passive character this season (forced into marraige instead of convinced) and that is a knock on Sansa, yet here, its supposedly making Tyrion more of a 'swell guy'.I don't think there was much of a difference at all.  There was nothing in the show where Tyrion was actually forced.  He did agree to it, just as he did in the books.The real argument as to this making Tyrion a bad guy is essentially that he's agreeing to an arranged marriage.  But that is common among Westerosi nobility.  It happens all the time, and you do it because that's what your family says your supposed to do.  There is nothing remotely wrong under Westerosi customs with Tyrion agreeing to that, which is why many readers don't view him as a bad guy for accepting.Where some readers -- including me -- view him as an affirmatively good guy on this issue is that considering his position, him objecting to something that he could easily accept is notable.  He's ugly, not attractive to women, and he knows it.    Sansa Stark is so much of a better "catch" than he could have ever hoped for that logic says he should have done what other any other member of Westerosi nobility would have done, and leapt on the chance.   That would be the norm for Westeros.Instead, his immediate reaction is to argue against it, saying it would be unfair to Sansa, that she deserves someone closer to her own age, and that he personally would prefer marrying someone who cares for him rather than someone who doesn't.   As compared to what others in his position, in that culture, would have done, Tyrion's consideration of her feelings is noble even if his father eventually convinces him that he should.  Life has dealt both of them a shitty hand in that respect (though as nobility, they're still better off overall), so he's doing the best he can with what he's been dealt.
3927	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	Seems to me like people are forgetting a couple things about the original material. Tyrion makes it clear in the book that he absolutely does not want to marry Sansa, and his father DOES order him to marry her. That happened. The choice Tyrion has is not to spare Sansa marriage entirely (and I'm going to put this next bit in spoiler tags) but to:
	Spoiler  either marry Sansa himself or watch as she is forcibly married to someone else. Tyrion himself talks to Sansa and offers to go immediately to his father and demand that she be married to Lancel if that is what she wants. He knows he can't stop the wedding, he can't prevent her from marrying a Lannister. There is no grand gesture on his part that can save her (short of outright treason that ends with him dead), he said his piece and his father blew him off. He offers her the choice of someone he knows to be reasonably decent (if a Lannister) and more in her age. She chooses Tyrion because she knows him to be kind. 

Considering this, claims that he married her purely for greed kind of fall flat, because of what he was willing to do.
I do disagree with them leaving out chucks of Tyrion's character, such as what he was forced to do to Tysha in the books, but in this I think they stayed pretty true. He tried to prevent her from marrying him because he believed he was unworthy of her, because he thought she would hate him, and because she is a child and he believed it cruel. Whatever else you think of Tyrion, it's made pretty clear he did not want this for Sansa but (at this point in the story) can see no way out.
And, I think we can all agree that Tyrion, whatever his faults, was better option for her than Joffery.
					
					
							Edited by BurningCandle, 08 May 2013 - 11:35 AM.
3928	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Spoiler  either marry Sansa himself or watch as she is forcibly married to someone else. Tyrion himself talks to Sansa and offers to go immediately to his father and demand that she be married to Lancel if that is what she wants. He knows he can't stop the wedding, he can't prevent her from marrying a Lannister. There is no grand gesture on his part that can save her (short of outright treason that ends with him dead), he said his piece and his father blew him off. He offers her the choice of someone he knows to be reasonably decent (if a Lannister) and more in her age. She chooses Tyrion because she knows him to be kind. 
Forgot that, and it's a great point.And, I think we can all agree that Tyrion, whatever his faults, was better option for her than Joffery.Didn't Garlan Tyrell also state that Tyrion would not be a bad choice because he was a good man?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 11:48 AM.
3929	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-08	A lannister is still a lannister.
					
					
							Edited by Rhaegarsjoy, 08 May 2013 - 12:28 PM.
3930	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	Didn't Garlan Tyrell also state that Tyrion would not be a bad choice because he was a good man?He did, but because Sansa thought the other option was Loras and then, Willas, not Joffrey. For Sansa, Willas was already a good option instead of Loras.
3931	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	He did, but because Sansa thought the other option was Loras and then, Willas, not Joffrey. For Sansa, Willas was already a good option instead of Loras.Yes, but she'd never met Willas, and didn't know about Loras' sexual preferences.  Garlan, who knew them both, still thought Tyrion was better than either of his brothers.  That's saying something.
3932	Colonel Green	2013-05-08	Garlan was trying to make Sansa feel better.
3933	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-08	young, old, dwarf, handsome or not i would rather marry patchface than any member of the house that destroyed my family. But that's just me.
3934	Versiroth	2013-05-08	Yeah, it is extremely annoying as it seems like they are diminishing her tragedy in order to insure he still looks good.It's more like they're giving her tragedy more time to blossom.  Instead of a surprise, they're letting it fester.
3935	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	Forgot that, and it's a great point.Didn't Garlan Tyrell also state that Tyrion would not be a bad choice because he was a good man?Thanks! And yes he did.Garlan was trying to make Sansa feel better.Garlan was trying to make her feel better, but that doesn't diminish what he said.I think probably Garlan thought that, whatever Sansa might think of Tyrion, Tyrion would fall for Sansa eventually, and he couldn't see Tyrion being cruel to Sansa. We've seen Tyrion protect her before, so Garlan was probably thinking Tyrion could protect her from Jofferey and would be capable of loving her, unlike Loras.That doesn't make Tyrion a better choice than Willas of course.
3936	BlackStark	2013-05-08	Thanks! And yes he did.Garlan was trying to make her feel better, but that doesn't diminish what he said.I think probably Garlan thought that, whatever Sansa might think of Tyrion, Tyrion would fall for Sansa eventually, and he couldn't see Tyrion being cruel to Sansa. We've seen Tyrion protect her before, so Garlan was probably thinking Tyrion could protect her from Jofferey and would be capable of loving her, unlike Loras.That doesn't make Tyrion a better choice than Willas of course.I think Garlan was only trying to make her better (did Garlan even really have any knowledge of Tyrion's true character to determine whether he was a good man or not) and from her point of view, polite coldness from Loras would be better than burning love and desire from Tyrion.  The Tyrion of ASOS is different from the Tyrion of ACOK and has no real power or authority to protect and defend Sansa from Joffrey on his own.  If Joffrey truly wanted to harm Sansa, the only one that could truly check him was Tywin, not Tyrion.
3937	greensleeves	2013-05-08	Seems to me like people are forgetting a couple things about the original material. Tyrion makes it clear in the book that he absolutely does not want to marry Sansa, and his father DOES order him to marry her. That happened. The choice Tyrion has is not to spare Sansa marriage entirely (and I'm going to put this next bit in spoiler tags) but to:either marry Sansa himself or watch as she is forcibly married to someone else. Tyrion himself talks to Sansa and offers to go immediately to his father and demand that she be married to Lancel if that is what she wants. He knows he can't stop the wedding, he can't prevent her from marrying a Lannister. There is no grand gesture on his part that can save her (short of outright treason that ends with him dead), he said his piece and his father blew him off. He offers her the choice of someone he knows to be reasonably decent (if a Lannister) and more in her age. She chooses Tyrion because she knows him to be kind. Considering this, claims that he married her purely for greed kind of fall flat, because of what he was willing to do.Tyrion's own attitude is in conflict with this:   Tyrion is consistently resentful towards Sansa.  He blames the fact that she doesn't want him on his looks rather than understanding that she's been forced into her position.  He wants her trust, love, and lust, and is very bitter about not receiving it.  If he had married her as some purely altruistic gesture, you would think he'd be more understanding.He's also covetous towards Winterfell, both in his thoughts and in offering pieces of the North up as bribes.  It's also notable that when he finally considers fleeing King's Landing, its not for her sake (despite her being subjected to Joffrey's repeated rape threats)... it's because he thinks his own life might be in danger.If he had married her in some purely altruistic gesture, you'd think his attitude would be slightly better.Instead, his attitude supports a different conclusion: the fact that Sansa was going to be married off anyways simply made him feel better about his choice to forcibly marry a young woman.Garlan was trying to make her feel better, but that doesn't diminish what he said.I think probably Garlan thought that, whatever Sansa might think of Tyrion, Tyrion would fall for Sansa eventually, and he couldn't see Tyrion being cruel to Sansa. We've seen Tyrion protect her before, so Garlan was probably thinking Tyrion could protect her from Jofferey and would be capable of loving her, unlike Loras.That doesn't make Tyrion a better choice than Willas of course.Just out of curiosity, do you also take Garlan's words to Tyrion at Joffrey's wedding feast at face value?
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 08 May 2013 - 02:49 PM.
3938	Woman of War	2013-05-08	Of the four, Sansa's the only child, and she's the only one marrying 1) a dwarf and 2) someone old enough to be her parent. Just the shot of them in frame speaks for itself. There's all the other stuff, obviously, (prisoner, abused by Joffrey, Lannisters are at war with her family, hates King's Landing, wants to be as far away from the Lannisters as possible, Tyrion's reputation for boozing and whoring, etc. etc.), but in terms of "showing" why she's the one who's the worst off, that's all they really need to do. If that's not enough for you, they've also made a point in Season 3 of showing Sansa constantly surrounded by a pair of Lannister guards, visually emphasizing her status as a prisoner.The age difference between TV  Loras and Cersei can't be much smaller than between TV Sansa and Tyrion.And show Sansa is not really a child anymore, she is fifteen, I believe, the actress is seventeen. Loras being miserable as well doesn't really improve Sansa's  situation but seeing Sophie Turner no viewer will get the idea of child abuse, she is a young woman. There are many reasons for Sansa not wanting a forced marriage but seeing the whole plot as child abuse will be hard to sell to tv fans.I liked the change, but it would have been nice to see the conversation and the facial expressions of all three of them.I hope we don't see Cersei twist the knife in Sansa anymore.I really like that the show has made Cersei and Tyrion better people. It's more believable and certainly better television. by GannicusI fully agree concerning Cersei. And some of the "whitewashing"  critics concerning Tyrion ar totally pointless since his darkest times are yet to come in the series. I hope they will keep Tyrion as complex as he is in the books. He should be the one to kill Shae and he should be miserable, depressed and ugly after that, anything else would be highly unbelievable. If he didn't react that way he'd be an outright sociopath, you just don't go on cracking funny jokes if you have just killed your father and your lover - I guess there is no code for socially accepted behaviour after a deed like  that, so a little self loathing and depression should be ok.
							Edited by Woman of War, 08 May 2013 - 06:04 PM.
3939	Mendoza	2013-05-08	We're never going to see a Loras/Cersei wedding, so comparing him to Sansa is pointless.
Actually, Loras' situation is more comparable to Arya's engagement to Frey.
					
					
							Edited by Mendoza, 08 May 2013 - 06:30 PM.
3940	wolverine	2013-05-08	Well, some folk (me for instance) aren't going to muster much sympathy for Sansa either way, especially when portrayed by a 17 year old rather than a 13/14 year old.  She's concerned about who makes prettier dresses, while her younger brothers are running for their lives, Arya is living in the wild, and Robb is fighting battles and trying to win a war.  She doesn't appear to be alcking in any creature comforts, lives in a nice castle witha handmaiden....she just doesn't seem to be suffereing nearly as much in comparison.Maybe it is a defense mechanism for dealing with all the pain.
3941	Minsc	2013-05-08	Maybe it is a defense mechanism for dealing with all the pain.Not to mention, she doesn't know about Arya, Bran, and Rickon's fate for all she knows they are sitting around Winterfell playing with Hodor.  Moreover, how often have seen any of them sit back and wonder about their other siblings' fate?
3942	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	I think Garlan was only trying to make her better (did Garlan even really have any knowledge of Tyrion's true character to determine whether he was a good man or not) and from her point of view, polite coldness from Loras would be better than burning love and desire from Tyrion.  The Tyrion of ASOS is different from the Tyrion of ACOK and has no real power or authority to protect and defend Sansa from Joffrey on his own.  If Joffrey truly wanted to harm Sansa, the only one that could truly check him was Tywin, not Tyrion.Good point, in her situation she may indeed have preferred cold indifference to love depending on where it was coming from. I didn't even consider that.Tyrion's own attitude is in conflict with this:   Tyrion is consistently resentful towards Sansa.  He blames the fact that she doesn't want him on his looks rather than understanding that she's been forced into her position.  He wants her trust, love, and lust, and is very bitter about not receiving it.  If he had married her as some purely altruistic gesture, you would think he'd be more understanding.He's also covetous towards Winterfell, both in his thoughts and in offering pieces of the North up as bribes.  It's also notable that when he finally considers fleeing King's Landing, its not for her sake (despite her being subjected to Joffrey's repeated rape threats)... it's because he thinks his own life might be in danger.If he had married her in some purely altruistic gesture, you'd think his attitude would be slightly better.Instead, his attitude supports a different conclusion: the fact that Sansa was going to be married off anyways simply made him feel better about his choice to forcibly marry a young woman.I never said that his motive was purely altruistic, I consider it to be more akin to damage control. if it were pure altruism then he would have commited treason to get her out of there and risked his own life to do so. He was interested in keeping his own neck off the chopping block, serving his family and reducing Sansa's personal misery to a managable level.Of course he resents Sansa, every gesture she makes shows how freaked out she is by this pairing and reminds him of what he is. But it is notable that despite this he tries to minimize the damage to her. As I said previously, the Winterfell thing was not something he seemed to covet or think overlong about - Tyrion's desire has always been for Casterly Rock, and if he wanted Winterfell that badly he never would have brought up 
	Spoiler Lancel as a potential husband
 with Sansa.Just out of curiosity, do you also take Garlan's words to Tyrion at Joffrey's wedding feast at face value?Basically I think there were multiple levels to what he was saying. It wasn't a face value thing, it seemed to me more like he was thinking through multiple things at the same time and making an offhand comment.
3943	sansatyrell	2013-05-08	The age difference between TV  Loras and Cersei can't be much smaller than between TV Sansa and Tyrion.And show Sansa is not really a child anymore, she is fifteen, I believe, the actress is seventeen. Loras being miserable as well doesn't really improve Sansa's  situation but seeing Sophie Turner no viewer will get the idea of child abuse, she is a young woman. There are many reasons for Sansa not wanting a forced marriage but seeing the whole plot as child abuse will be hard to sell to tv fans.I know it's a TV show so casual viewers may not give it as much thought as say, us discussing it in this forum, but they still know (or should know,) that Sansa is still a young teen. Again, people who are solely TV watchers won't know this, but she's described as tall and womanly in the books. And abuse is abuse - even if they don't see her as a child, she's still a female getting beaten and forced into a marriage she wants no part of, which is abuse.
3944	Zman1863	2013-05-08	Of course he resents Sansa, every gesture she makes shows how freaked out she is by this pairing and reminds him of what he is. But it is notable that despite this he tries to minimize the damage to her. As I said previously, the Winterfell thing was not something he seemed to covet or think overlong about - Tyrion's desire has always been for Casterly Rock, and if he wanted Winterfell that badly he never would have brought up 
	Spoiler Lancel as a potential husband
 with Sansa.I agree. It ought to be noted that Tyrion's resentful thoughts toward Sansa remain only in his head. He doesn't take anything out on her and makes an effort to be kind and courteous. As for Winterfell, Tyrion certainly sees the attraction of that aspect of the marriage, but there was a limit to what he was willing to do to reap that benefit. It stopped at forced consummation. So he's not purely altruistic, but he's far from purely self interested. I also think that the Garlan quote can be read on several levels. Sure he's being courteous and trying to offer comfort. But his observation about Tyrion being a bigger man than he seems appears so often in some form throughout the series in other characters' observations about Tyrion that I can't believe that he is just prattling nonsense.
3945	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	It's more like they're giving her tragedy more time to blossom.  Instead of a surprise, they're letting it fester.The show has tried to do a "decent" job of having some tragedies be built up, some be surprise and others being curve balls. Sometimes we have to see tragedy coming or else if they always try to surprise us everyone will see things coming that are suppose to surprise us.We already had a forshadowed dread moment with the Night's Watch dissension, having to wait for Sansa to hear the news we already know would be a waiting for the bomb to drop moment.Now we might get some good exchanges as Sansa has to come to gripes with her fate and Tyrion and Shae have to deal with this as far as their relationship goes.
3946	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	I agree. It ought to be noted that Tyrion's resentful thoughts toward Sansa remain only in his head. He doesn't take anything out on her and makes an effort to be kind and courteous. As for Winterfell, Tyrion certainly sees the attraction of that aspect of the marriage, but there was a limit to what he was willing to do to reap that benefit. It stopped at forced consummation. So he's not purely altruistic, but he's far from purely self interested.I also think that the Garlan quote can be read on several levels. Sure he's being courteous and trying to offer comfort. But his observation about Tyrion being a bigger man than he seems appears so often in some form throughout the series in other characters' observations about Tyrion that I can't believe that he is just prattling nonsense.Exactly what I was thinking, well said.
3947	Golden Hand	2013-05-08	I would somewhat disagree in some of my discussions with the unsullied many of them like him seeing him as harsh but fair and somewhat honorable.Yeah Every show watcher I know love Tywin.
3948	Dove	2013-05-09	The curse of Charles Dance. The man's just too damn fabulous.
Has the story of Tysha been mentioned in the show yet? I would imagine that'll take a person or two off of Team Tywin. (i certainly hope so anyway) It's pretty fucking heinous.
3949	Dark_Sister	2013-05-09	The curse of Charles Dance. The man's just too damn fabulous.Has the story of Tysha been mentioned in the show yet? I would imagine that'll take a person or two off of Team Tywin. (i certainly hope so anyway) It's pretty fucking heinous.Yes, Tyrion told the story to Shae and Bronn in the first season (episode 9 I think), and Tyrion mentioned being married in episode 5 this season, but I hope Tyrion tells Sansa because a lot of tv fans have probably forgot about it
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Sister, 09 May 2013 - 03:55 AM.
3950	greensleeves	2013-05-09	Of course he resents Sansa, every gesture she makes shows how freaked out she is by this pairing and reminds him of what he is. But it is notable that despite this he tries to minimize the damage to her. As I said previously, the Winterfell thing was not something he seemed to covet or think overlong about - Tyrion's desire has always been for Casterly Rock, and if he wanted Winterfell that badly he never would have brought up Lancel as a potential husband with Sansa.Does he try to minimize damage to her?  That's not very obvious to me.  He wanted Casterly Rock, but at that point didn't think he could get it.  Also just because he wanted Casterly Rock doesn't mean that he couldn't want Winterfell as well (he did).I agree. It ought to be noted that Tyrion's resentful thoughts toward Sansa remain only in his head. He doesn't take anything out on her and makes an effort to be kind and courteous. As for Winterfell, Tyrion certainly sees the attraction of that aspect of the marriage, but there was a limit to what he was willing to do to reap that benefit. It stopped at forced consummation. You're right he just has her strip and then gropes her a bit, but hey what's a bit of sexual assault now and then... he was obviously kind and courteous about it. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Think what you like, but there is plenty of evidence that Tyrion wants Winterfell and Sansa herself and almost no evidence that he wants to save/is glad to have saved Sansa from another, theoretically worse marriage.  This to me implies that Tywin's threat to marry Sansa to Lancel functions (at best) as an excuse for Tyrion rather than motivation.The curse of Charles Dance. The man's just too damn fabulous.Has the story of Tysha been mentioned in the show yet? I would imagine that'll take a person or two off of Team Tywin. (i certainly hope so anyway) It's pretty fucking heinous.It's been alluded to at least a couple of times.  I think when we first meet Shae he tells her and Bronn about it, but I don't think the full awfulness has come out yet.
3951	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	Yeah, it's when they are having a slumber party in Tyrion's tent before the battle. It was a little bit toned down. My dad the non-book reader loves Tywin. I pointed out the gangraping of Tyrion's wife and he was like "yeah that was awful...but it's too hard to hate the guy." 
Personally, I like Tywin more in the show. He's such a Sir. So much charisma. One of my friends (likewise a non-reader) IMed me going "sooo...any chance Sansa marries Tywin instead of Tyrion?" It gave me a laugh; I directed her to Tumblr. 
I'm really curious how they handle Tyrion and Sansa's relationship. To me in the books it showed Sansa's growing strength that she honestly rejected him. Don't know if it'll be portrayed the same.
3952	Khal Porno	2013-05-09	So many of you seem far too preoccupied with others' understanding of the characters and enjoyment of the show rather than your own.
3953	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-09	I believe one thing that really hurts how she is perceived is her relative lack of expressed concern for what is happening to the rest of her family. They didn't do her any favors with the naivete of her "do you think they'll let my family come" question.  No, Sansa, they won't, because they are trying to kill your little batch of traitors.   But thanks for being more concerned about whether they can be at your wedding than whether they're actually, you know, still alive.Since Book-Sansa never expected, or asked anyone, if she could invite her family to her wedding to Willas Tyrell, the TV character's speculation took me by surprise.  I think it was a bad mistake on the part of the writers.  TV-Sansa spent much of last season referring to her family as 'traitors'; she clearly knew that her brother was fighting the people who held her captive; having her suddenly wonder out loud if she could invite her family to her wedding makes no sense.  The writers could have had Sansa say that she wished she could invite her family to her wedding, she missed her mother and had always expected her to be at her wedding.  They could even had had her wonder if her mother and brother might be able to come to her wedding if it was held at Highgarden (though even that seems ridiculous, given that the supposed groom's sister is engaged to Joffrey).  TV-Sansa seems to have not been told about the supposed deaths of Bran and Rickon.  As I recall, book-Sansa thought that Arya had made it back to Winterfell.Don't forget; both book and TV Sansa took great care to constantly refer to her family as traitors; because when she didn't, she was beaten.  Her own thoughts, when she did think of her family, were warm and wistful.  I personally believe that book-Sansa did not think of her family all the time because it was too painful.  (she probably learned to suppress and redirect such thoughts just to dull the pain and loneliness and fear)
3954	sansatyrell	2013-05-09	So many of you seem far too preoccupied with others' understanding of the characters and enjoyment of the show rather than your own.Haha that's because when you love something, you want other people to love the same thing you do, and it's annoying/upsetting/frustrating when people hate the thing (in this case a character or plot) that you love, or vice versa (loving something you hate).
3955	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Not to mention, she doesn't know about Arya, Bran, and Rickon's fate for all she knows they are sitting around Winterfell playing with Hodor.  Moreover, how often have seen any of them sit back and wonder about their other siblings' fate?She knows that there is a massive military alliance trying to destroy her family.  The rest is details.  Except for Arya, whom Sansa knows was young and fleeing alone in a hostile land, and is very unlikely to be sitting in Winterfell. As for the rest of the family, Robb kills Rickard Karstark in part because he's worried the murder of the Lannister boys may provoke the Lannisters to violence against his sisters.  Catelyn, obviously, is obsessed with her children.  Arya wants her family back, and wants violent revenge against those who did them wrong.  Rickon is just little, but Bran has him to worry about.  And I don't see any of the rest of them complaining that they don't like the colors of their clothing, and wish they had better designers....
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 08:53 AM.
3956	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Tyrion's own attitude is in conflict with this:   Tyrion is consistently resentful towards Sansa.  He blames the fact that she doesn't want him on his looks rather than understanding that she's been forced into her position.Sansa was forced into a marriage with Joffrey, which she certainly didn't mind when it was proposed.  She was going to be forced into a marriage with Loras, then Willas, which she didn't mind.	If Tyrion looked like Loras, I strongly suspect she wouldn't have minded being married to him either, forced or not.  I'm not saying she should be happy about the marriage, but simply pointing out that being "forced" into marriage is the norm in Westeros, and something she'd have been raised to understand.  Projecting a 21st century, western mindset that is steadfastly opposed to arranged marriages onto Sansa, as if she'd have that same reaction to the concept, is wrong.He wants her trust, love, and lust, and is very bitter about not receiving it.  If he had married her as some purely altruistic gesture, you would think he'd be more understanding.I don't think anyone is arguing that Tyrion is purely altruistic, or some flawless paragon of virtue, especially under modern standards.  But if you judge him in the culture of his time, against what other Westerosi would be expected to do in that position, he looks much better than the norm.  His feelings are hurt because he can't control how he looks.  All he can control is how he behaves and treats her, and he's treating her well.  Yet, she's very clearly rejecting him.  He's stuck in a loveless marriage just as much as she is.  So, he resents it, because perhaps he hoped that treating her well might help in time.  But despite those hurt feelings, and despite living in a culture that told him that it was his duty to bed her, he still didn't.  Again, based on what we've seen elsewhere in Westeros, that makes him a good man.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 09:07 AM.
3957	BurningCandle	2013-05-09	Does he try to minimize damage to her?  That's not very obvious to me.  He wanted Casterly Rock, but at that point didn't think he could get it.  Also just because he wanted Casterly Rock doesn't mean that he couldn't want Winterfell as well (he did).It doesn't mean he wouldn't want Winterfell, but never once in the text does he say "If I marry Sansa Winterfell will be mine! MUHAHAHAHAHAHA!" or any variant thereof. It is mentioned by Tywin and as far as I can recall, that's it. Your argument seems again to be focused on the idea that he is being greedy when he marries Sansa. I've already explained I believe he was merely doing damage control. And yes he absolutely DID try to minimize the damage to her. Did you read what I wrote in spoiler tags? I think that makes it very plain. If you don't then please explain how he benefits from having 
	Spoiler  Lancel marry Sansa and being utterly passed over for Winterfell
.And I am putting that in spoiler tags because it may yet be a spoiler for the show, and I don't want to ruin it for anyone. If you haven't read what I've said in the past two sets of spoiler tags then you are not going to be able to respond adequately to my suggestions, virtually my entire argument depends on it.You're right he just has her strip and then gropes her a bit, but hey what's a bit of sexual assault now and then... he was obviously kind and courteous about it. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Everytime someone brings this up I say the same thing. Arranged marriage happens without the consent of females on a regular basis. Sometimes they get lucky and and their parents make a match that suits them, but a good portion of the time their feelings on the matter are mentioned only in passing and have no bearing on whether the match actually takes place. Take a look at Sansa's own mother - she didn't even KNOW Ned Stark, but she'd been taught it was her duty so she made no attempt to fight it. Just because it worked out in the end for her, an that they ended up loving one another doesn't make the forced marriage any better.Notice how Ned Stark got a child on Cat, but nobody faults him for it. He was "just doing his duty" after all.Women in the GoT universe are taught from an early age that sexual assault is not sexual assault if your husband is doing it. MEN are taught that it is socially acceptable to force themselves on young women if their family forces said woman to wed them. Rather than judge Tyrion alone, you should be passing judgement on the culture of Westeros as a whole. And as for your statement that he strips her, he doesn't. He tells Sansa to do it and she does, because it's what she's been taught to do her entire life - obey her husband. He touches her and she lets him, because she's been taught to obey. He does it because he's been taught it is his duty, she allows it because she believes it's hers. That's not to say he couldn't hold her down and force her - she obviously doesn't have a choice in what happens while she is a prisoner, but it is important to note that even from Sansa's point of view, what is happening is acceptable within the confines of a marriage.Tyrion is exceptional on this occasion because in stark contrast with societal norms he rebukes himself and does not carry through with the consummation of a forced marriage. He is able to empathize with Sansa and view it from her point of view and decides that it would be wrong to force her. For this decision he is ridiculed at court and again threatened by his father. When he decides to do this he openly puts his entire claim to Winterfell at risk, it is mentioned several times in the text of the book itself that an unconsummated marriage CAN be set aside, nullifying any and all claims he had. So I ask again, how does he benefit from this decision?Even when Sansa asks "And what if I never want to?" and he feels as though he's been slapped in the face, considering the idea of being trapped in a sexless, loveless marriage for all his days, he STILL says he will not force her. "That's what whores are for."You can argue that he may have gone back on his word eventually, but that is conjecture, we never saw what would have happened.Think what you like, but there is plenty of evidence that Tyrion wants Winterfell and Sansa herself and almost no evidence that he wants to save/is glad to have saved Sansa from another, theoretically worse marriage.  This to me implies that Tywin's threat to 
	Spoiler marry Sansa to Lancel functions 
(at best) as an excuse for Tyrion rather than motivation.
	Spoiler Lancel
 was Tyrion's suggestion, not Tywin's, so your argument here falls flat. And his statements on his way to be married to her prove that he was not looking at the marriage in a favorable light, he straight out calls it a farce.
					
					
							Edited by BurningCandle, 09 May 2013 - 09:42 AM.
3958	hollowcrown	2013-05-09	Oh my god that TWOP Game of Thrones thread is hilarious, they think Pod is some kind of mythical magical being like Merlin.
3959	Gannicus	2013-05-09	I read the book and never loved Sansa. Although I sympathized with her I thought she was frustrating and a bit annoying until the moment she escaped KL.
Even the wedding/bedding didn't strike me as a particular moment of strength from her.
On the other side of things I always felt although Tyrion did bad things, he was coming from the right place. Up until his final chapter in ASOS. We can argue about that but the point is I think the majority of casual book readers feel the same way. That's why the show has gone in this direction.
The tv show is not going to be exactly like the book.  I have to accept the changes they've made to Stannis as some of you need to accept the changes that have been made to Tyrion and Sansa.
I think the show has done well making good characters even better in many cases. Tyrion, Cersei, Shae, Tywin, Varys, Cat (imo), Olenna, ect.
3960	Woman of War	2013-05-09	Everytime someone brings this up I say the same thing. Arranged marriage happens without the consent of females on a regular basis. Sometimes they get lucky and and their parents make a match that suits them, but a good portion of the time their feelings on the matter are mentioned only in passing and have no bearing on whether the match actually takes place. Take a look at Sansa's own mother - she didn't even KNOW Ned Stark, but she'd been taught it was her duty so she made no attempt to fight it. Just because it worked out in the end for her, an that they ended up loving one another doesn't make the forced marriage any better.Notice how Ned Stark got a child on Cat, but nobody faults him for it. He was "just doing his duty" after all.Women in the GoT universe are taught from an early age that sexual assault is not sexual assault if your husband is doing it. MEN are taught that it is socially acceptable to force themselves on young women if their family forces said woman to wed them. Rather than judge Tyrion alone, you should be passing judgement on the culture of Westeros as a whole. And as for your statement that he strips her, he doesn't. He tells Sansa to do it and she does, because it's what she's been taught to do her entire life - obey her husband. He touches her and she lets him, because she's been taught to obey. He does it because he's been taught it is his duty, she allows it because she believes it's hers. That's not to say he couldn't hold her down and force her - she obviously doesn't have a choice in what happens while she is a prisoner, but it is important to note that even from Sansa's point of view, what is happening is acceptable within the confines of a marriage.Tyrion is exceptional on this occasion because in stark contrast with societal norms he rebukes himself and does not carry through with the consummation of a forced marriage. He is able to empathize with Sansa and view it from her point of view and decides that it would be wrong to force her. For this decision he is ridiculed at court and again threatened by his father. When he decides to do this he openly puts his entire claim to Winterfell at risk, it is mentioned several times in the text of the book itself that an unconsummated marriage CAN be set aside, nullifying any and all claims he had. So I ask again, how does he benefit from this decision?Even when Sansa asks "And what if I never want to?" and he feels as though he's been slapped in the face, considering the idea of being trapped in a sexless, loveless marriage for all his days, he STILL says he will not force her. "That's what whores are for."You can argue that he may have gone back on his word eventually, but that is conjecture, we never saw what would have happened.I so much agree with you. And we should not forget that this practice is still common in many parts of our world. The difference between an arranged  and a forced marriage is that in an arranged marriage it is her own parents who choose the rapist of their daughter. And let's not forget that even in those parts of our world the young men are not all brutes and they may have compunctions and difficulties to rape the woman they are doomed to spend the rest of their life with - and they get mercilessly laughed for their "weak" kindness.
3961	Colonel Green	2013-05-09	Sansa was forced into a marriage with Joffrey, which she certainly didn't mind when it was proposed.  She was going to be forced into a marriage with Loras, then Willas, which she didn't mind.	If Tyrion looked like Loras, I strongly suspect she wouldn't have minded being married to him either, forced or not.  I'm not saying she should be happy about the marriage, but simply pointing out that being "forced" into marriage is the norm in Westeros, and something she'd have been raised to understand.  Projecting a 21st century, western mindset that is steadfastly opposed to arranged marriages onto Sansa, as if she'd have that same reaction to the concept, is wrong.She wasn't "forced" into either of those first two marriages.  They were arranged, but she wanted them.  She quite clearly did not want to marry Tyrion, or any Lannister; Tyrion's looks were not the dealbreaker there.
3962	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	She wasn't "forced" into either of those first two marriages.  They were arranged, but she wanted them.So the difference between an "arranged" and "forced" marriage is whether or not you actually like the person, not whether you get a real choice in the matter?  Got it.  So it's not the lack of choice that is the issue, but rather whether you personally find the match in which you were given no choice acceptable.I don't see how that changes anything.  It means that her problem with Tyrion wasn't that she had no choice, but that she didn't like the particular person.  Which was exactly my point in the first place.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 10:40 AM.
3963	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	I so much agree with you. And we should not forget that this practice is still common in many parts of our world. The difference between an arranged  and a forced marriage is that in an arranged marriage it is her own parents who choose the rapist of their daughter. And let's not forget that even in those parts of our world the young men are not all brutes and they may have compunctions and difficulties to rape the woman they are doomed to spend the rest of their life with - and they get mercilessly laughed for their "weak" kindness.This is not directed at you, but your post is a decent enough entre for a rant:It bugs the hell out of me when people decide to apply 21st century standards of morality to judge the morality of characters in ASOIAF, and then bring that perspective into general thread discussions. It really amounts to the same argument being repeated endlessly.  Yes, we all know Westeros doesn't treat women right, or many men for that matter.  That there is horrible oppression by the wealthier classes, etc. etc. etc.  We all get that, and virtually every scene and character relationship can be analyzed or discussed on that basis, but it again just amounts to the exact same argument.  If folks want a "sexism in Westeros" discussion, or "Class oppression in Westeros" discussion, then those are certainly valid topics on their own.  But for some folks to drag that in to every thread as if the rest of us need to be educated, and which inevitably results in virtually every character being deplorable becaused they're all acting in accordance with that morality, is pointless.  Worse, it leads to endlessly circular, tangential discussions that derail actual discussions of the series/books as presented.Newsflash -- Tyrion is not a 21st century feminist, nor is Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 10:42 AM.
3964	Minsc	2013-05-09	So the difference between an "arranged" and "forced" marriage is whether or not you actually like the person, not whether you get a real choice in the matter?  Got it.  So it's not the lack of choice that is the issue, but rather whether you personally find the match in which you were given no choice acceptable.Arranged marriages are unions that are benifical to both parties, nothing in the Tyrion match benifted Sansa at all.
3965	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Arranged marriages are unions that are benifical to both parties, nothing in the Tyrion match benifted Sansa at all.No, arranged marriages are marriages that benefit both families, or are in accordance with some binding custom, the interests of the individuals involved be damned.  Loras isn't benefitting by marrying Cersei, Ned/Catelyn didn't benefit by marrying each other, etc..  They did it because they were expected/told to.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 10:53 AM.
3966	Minsc	2013-05-09	No, arranged marriages are marriages that benefit both families, or are in accordance with some binding custom, the interests of the individuals involved be damned.  Loras isn't benefitting by marrying Cersei, Ned/Catelyn didn't benefit by marrying each other, etc..  They did it because they were expected/told to.Ned got an army, and Catelyn got a husband with a powerful claim.Sansa gets Tyrion and nothing else, as Tyrion has nothing to his name.Moreover, even under your standard Sansa is getting screwed as her family recieves no benfit from the match.Arranged Marriages are not the samething as forced marriages, review Luwin's discussion regarding Ramsay and Lady Hornwood's forced marriage.
3967	Zman1863	2013-05-09	I agree with BurningCandle that the context of the society has to be taken into account. We can't judge Tyrion by a modern standard and give the rest of Westeros a pass. Tyrion actually acts by a higher standard than his culture. Not consummating the marriage makes Tyrion an even bigger figure of ridicule at court. So the difference between an "arranged" and "forced" marriage is whether or not you actually like the person, not whether you get a real choice in the matter?  Got it.  So it's not the lack of choice that is the issue, but rather whether you personally find the match acceptable.I don't see how that changes anything.  It means that her problem with Tyrion wasn't that she had no choice, but that she didn't like the particular person.  Which was exactly my point in the first place.Yeah, the distinction between an "arranged" marriage and a "forced" marriage that I've seen on several boards is so slight as to be meaningless. Regardless of what we call it, all of these marriages come with pressure to accept that is essentially irresistible. The difference between Sansa's situation and the ordinary one, like that her mother faced, is that Sansa is being ordered to marry by people she despises who hold her prisoner while Catelyn was ordered to marry by someone who she loved and trusted. In reality Catelyn could not say no either. Perhaps Lord Tully wouldn't have had her carried to the sept but the practical pressure was enormous.
3968	greensleeves	2013-05-09	....First of all, there is no need for your spoiler tags.  There's spoiler in the thread title, we're clearly discussing the books, and you've kept lots of things that would be spoilers for show watchers out of spoiler tags (including the fact that they get married at all).  That's why I've been removing them; they are annoying to click on.It doesn't mean he wouldn't want Winterfell, but never once in the text does he say "If I marry Sansa Winterfell will be mine! MUHAHAHAHAHAHA!" or any variant thereof. It is mentioned by Tywin and as far as I can recall, that's it.Tyrion Lannister, Lord Protector of Winterfell. The prospect gave him a queer chill.I want her, he realized. I want Winterfell, yes, but I want her as well, child or woman or whatever she is. I want to comfort her. I want to hear her laugh. I want her to come to me willingly, to bring me her joys and her sorrows and her lust.These are just quotes I found with a quick look....Cat and Ned's marriage was arranged, but they also consented to it. (It's not mutually exclusive.)  Presumably all sexual acts within their marriage were also consensual.He tells Sansa to do it and she does, because it's what she's been taught to do her entire life - obey her husband. He touches her and she lets him, because she's been taught to obey. He does it because he's been taught it is his duty, she allows it because she believes it's hers. That's not to say he couldn't hold her down and force her - she obviously doesn't have a choice in what happens while she is a prisoner, but it is important to note that even from Sansa's point of view, what is happening is acceptable within the confines of a marriage.Note that she says 'no' to the marriage only to be told that she will be beaten and forced to comply if she doesn't go through with it.  Sansa's obeying here not out of some cultural indoctrination but because she is being physically threatened.When he decides to do this he openly puts his entire claim to Winterfell at risk, it is mentioned several times in the text of the book itself that an unconsummated marriage CAN be set aside, nullifying any and all claims he had. So I ask again, how does he benefit from this decision?He ends up not benefiting at all (though he does attempt... I think twice... to use northern lands as bargaining chips).  Now he's got a big target on his back by everyone who wants to use Sansa for her claim.  This is why, earlier in the thread, I called marrying Sansa one of Tyrion's greatest blunders.Even when Sansa asks "And what if I never want to?" and he feels as though he's been slapped in the face, considering the idea of being trapped in a sexless, loveless marriage for all his days, he STILL says he will not force her. "That's what whores are for."Surely the fact that he felt as though he'd been slapped implies that on some level he had expected to consumate the marriage at some point.Lancel was Tyrion's suggestion, not Tywin's, so your argument here falls flat. And his statements on his way to be married to her prove that he was not looking at the marriage in a favorable light, he straight out calls it a farce.No, Tywin and Kevan suggested it first.  Tyrion calls everything a farce... he's a very sarcastic guy who likes making fun of just about everything (part of why he's so well liked).   Nevertheless, he chose to go through with it.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 09 May 2013 - 11:21 AM.
3969	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-09	I'd say that Sansa wasn't brought up with the idea of ''Later, child, we are going to force you to marry someone we choose for you and you probably don't particularly like, and you have to obey him all the time, even when he does disgusting things to you.'' Sansa didn't do those things because she thought she was expected to, but because she saw her father getting killed in front of her, she was a prisoner in King's Landing, got beaten several times at the order of the King and because the groom's family was kinda busy murdering her whole family. She probably expected something really bad would happen if she wouldn't go along with it; heck, she was threatened to get beaten and dragged before the Septon just hours before when she made clear she refused to marry Tyrion. Short to say; she was rather terrified than ''obeying''. Come on, she was 13, she didn't know what to do in that bedchamber. She wanted it to be over quickly, because she was terrified.
3970	Minsc	2013-05-09	I agree with BurningCandle that the context of the society has to be taken into account. We can't judge Tyrion by a modern standard and give the rest of Westeros a pass. Tyrion actually acts by a higher standard than his culture. Not consummating the marriage makes Tyrion an even bigger figure of ridicule at court.I guess you also believe Tywin to be a wonderful father to Tyrion, seeing how many times in Westeros dwarf babies are left to die.  Yet, Tywin didn't abandon baby Tyrion in a forest and actually provided for him.  Despite the shame he felt from having a dwarf for a son.Truly Tywin is the best father of the series.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 09 May 2013 - 01:07 PM.
3971	BurningCandle	2013-05-09	Yeah, the distinction between an "arranged" marriage and a "forced" marriage that I've seen on several boards is so slight as to be meaningless. Regardless of what we call it, all of these marriages come with pressure to accept that is essentially irresistible. The difference between Sansa's situation and the ordinary one, like that her mother faced, is that Sansa is being ordered to marry by people she despises who hold her prisoner while Catelyn was ordered to marry by someone who she loved and trusted. In reality Catelyn could not say no either. Perhaps Lord Tully wouldn't have had her carried to the sept but the practical pressure was enormous.Exactly what I'm thinking, thanks.This is not directed at you, but your post is a decent enough entre for a rant:It bugs the hell out of me when people decide to apply 21st century standards of morality to judge the morality of characters in ASOIAF, and then bring that perspective into general thread discussions. It really amounts to the same argument being repeated endlessly.  Yes, we all know Westeros doesn't treat women right, or many men for that matter.  That there is horrible oppression by the wealthier classes, etc. etc. etc.  We all get that, and virtually every scene and character relationship can be analyzed or discussed on that basis, but it again just amounts to the exact same argument.  If folks want a "sexism in Westeros" discussion, or "Class oppression in Westeros" discussion, then those are certainly valid topics on their own.  But for some folks to drag that in to every thread as if the rest of us need to be educated, and which inevitably results in virtually every character being deplorable becaused they're all acting in accordance with that morality, is pointless.  Worse, it leads to endlessly circular, tangential discussions that derail actual discussions of the series/books as presented.Newsflash -- Tyrion is not a 21st century feminist, nor is Sansa.I agree with you, I am very tired of it but at the same time it just seems to become the basis for so much discussion that it seems there is little to be done about it.First of all, there is no need for your spoiler tags.  There's spoiler in the thread title, we're clearly discussing the books, and you've kept lots of things that would be spoilers for show watchers out of spoiler tags (including the fact that they get married at all).  That's why I've been removing them; they are annoying to click on.Tyrion Lannister, Lord Protector of Winterfell. The prospect gave him a queer chill.I want her, he realized. I want Winterfell, yes, but I want her as well, child or woman or whatever she is. I want to comfort her. I want to hear her laugh. I want her to come to me willingly, to bring me her joys and her sorrows and her lust.These are just quotes I found with a quick look.I was keeping Lancel in spoiler tags because I thought there was still a chance it would be a major plot point, and I've had people complain about it at me inside spoiler threads before. But very well I'll leave them out. The fact  Sansa & Tyrion get married is pretty well established to be a foregone conclusion, that's why I didn't bother with that.As for this passage, yes, he considers it. I am not debating that, I am saying he doesn't seem to covet it the way you suggest. He thinks of it, he considers it, and then he acts in blatant contradiction to those desires. In fact this passage suggests that he hopes she will come to love him. This passage shows he hopes at least in part for her happiness.When you said that you don't think he minimizes the damage to her, I think you are wrong. He openly tells Jofferey were to stuff his bedding ceremony, and then when he is threatened makes a joke at his own expense to divert attention, because he doesn't want her to suffer through this. He climbs on the back of a fool to put his cloak on her instead of demanding she bow to him like a slave.I am not saying his motives are 100% pure and angelic, I'm saying he's trying to be a decent person to her and spare her grief.Cat and Ned's marriage was arranged, but they also consented to it. (It's not mutually exclusive.)  Presumably all sexual acts within their marriage were also consensual.We are not going to agree on this because I still see this as conjecture, but my own opinion is also based on conjecture. To me, the fact that she was promised first to Brandon and then married his brother proves that she was sold just like Cersei, whether or not she found the guy likable after the fact is imo besides the point.Note that she says 'no' to the marriage only to be told that she will be beaten and forced to comply if she doesn't go through with it.  Sansa's obeying here not out of some cultural indoctrination but because she is being physically threatened.He ends up not benefiting at all (though he does attempt... I think twice... to use northern lands as bargaining chips).  Now he's got a big target on his back by everyone who wants to use Sansa for her claim.  This is why, earlier in the thread, I called marrying Sansa one of Tyrion's greatest blunders.She said no to Cersei, yes. Cersei told her she'd be dragged kicking and screaming, yes. That doesn't mean that she had to lie there meekly and take whatever he did, she could have fought anyway. My point is she's been taught her entire life to surrender. She's a woman, and in that society she might as well be just a maidenhead because that is all she's good for in their society.Surely the fact that he felt as though he'd been slapped implies that on some level he had expected (or at the very least hoped) to consumate the marriage at some point.Yes it does. But hoping that one day she would like him enough to allow him to do so, instead of forcing himself on her, is my whole point. He hopes, he does not take.No, Tywin and Kevan suggested it first.  Tyrion calls everything a farce... he's a very sarcastic guy who likes making fun of just about everything (part of why he's so well liked).   Nevertheless, he chose to go through with it.Tywin and Kevan suggest it to Tyrion. They give Tyrion a choice, not Sansa. All Tyrion had to do was say nothing to Sansa. The fact that he brought it up at all proves that he was trying to give her a little control, spare her a little sorrow.At any rate, I think I'm getting off topic. My whole original point was that I don't believe, in this instance, that they whitewashed the character for the show. I think this is in line with his personality at this time in the books. Now in Dance of Dragons? Absolutely not. But we aren't there yet.And I don't agree with them leaving out the bit about what his father made him do to Tysha, that is whitewashing, but in this case I do not think it is.
					
					
							Edited by BurningCandle, 09 May 2013 - 11:46 AM.
3972	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-09	I guess you also believe Tywin to be a wonderful father to Tyrion, seeing how many times in Westeros dwarf babies are left to die.  Yet, Tywin did abandon baby Tyrion in a forest and actually provided for him.  Despite the shame he felt from having a dwarf for a son.Truly Tywin is the best father of the series.Which makes Stannis a terrible King, seeing as he actually thinks about his people during war. Makes Tywin an awesome High Lord, I KNEW IT.
3973	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-09	Tywin and Kevan suggest it to Tyrion. They give Tyrion a choice, not Sansa. All Tyrion had to do was say nothing to Sansa. The fact that he brought it at all proves that he was trying to give her a little control, spare her a little sorrow.A minute before the wedding, because he couldn't find the time to tell her beforehand. Yes. Way to go.I don't really blame Tyrion that much during his marriage, but he isn't an enlightened visionary or something.
3974	greensleeves	2013-05-09	she was 1312, almost 13Truly Tywin is the best father of the series.Obviously.  Was this ever in doubt?As for this passage, yes, he considers it. I am not debating that, I am saying he doesn't seem to covet it the way you suggest.He wants Winterfell.  It couldn't be stated more plainly.  I don't know what more you think I'm suggesting.He thinks of it, he considers it, and then he acts in blatant contradiction to those desires. He deluded himself into thinking everything was going to work out.  He went into that bedroom expecting to consumate his marriage. In fact this passage suggests that he hopes she will come to love him. This passage shows he hopes at least in part for her happiness.Right, and that hope is symptomatic of one of Tyrion's great weaknesses: his complete blindness when it comes to women. When you said that you don't think he minimizes the damage to her, I think you are wrong. He openly tells Jofferey were to stuff his bedding ceremony, and then when he is threatened makes a joke at his own expense to divert attention, because he doesn't want her to suffer through this. He climbs on the back of a fool to put his cloak on her instead of demanding she bow to him like a slave.Though he initially makes poorly thought out efforts to disuade Joffrey, by the end of their marriage he is making no efforts at all to counter Joffrey's threats or even assure Sansa in private.Also, not making her bow to him like a slave? How romantic.I am not saying his motives are pure and angelic, I'm saying he's trying to be a decent person to her.I agree that Tyrion does attempt to be gallant towards her (so far as he understands gallantry).She said no to Cersei, yes. Cersei told her she'd be dragged kicking and screaming, yes. That doesn't mean that she had to lie there meekly and take whatever he did, she could have fought anyway. ... and then be beaten and made to do it anyways.  Sansa is living under the constant threat of physical violence... even when the soldiers aren't in the room with her.Yes it does. But hoping that one day she would like him enough to allow him to do so, instead of forcing himself on her, is my whole point. He hopes, he does not take.And part of my point is that this is pretty delusional.  Especially considering he pretty much makes no effort at establishing an actual relationship with her (well, except for once, but she has to shoot that down to maintain her Dontos cover).The fact that he brought it at all proves that he was trying to give her a little control, spare her a little sorrow.Well, he might like to think that, but really it was an empty choice that made Tyrion feel better... not Sansa.
3975	Gannicus	2013-05-09	I don't really blame Tyrion that much during his marriage, but he isn't an enlightened visionary or something.That is a totally fair comment. I wish more Sansa fans could share your sense.
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 09 May 2013 - 12:57 PM.
3976	Minsc	2013-05-09	He climbs on the back of a fool to put his cloak on her instead of demanding she bow to him like a slave.You must have missed the bit where he repeatedly tugs at her dress wanting her to kneel for him, which she refuses to do.  Something he later begrudges her for.It was Joffrey who had him stand on a fool's back, after he got tired of their interchange not Tyrion voluntering to do it out of the kindness of his heart.At any rate, I think I'm getting off topic. My whole original point was that I don't believe, in this instance, that they whitewashed the character for the show. I think this is in line with his personality at this time in the books. Now in Dance of Dragons? Absolutely not. But we aren't there yet.Name one dark act that Peter has performed on the show?
3977	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Tyrion Lannister, Lord Protector of Winterfell. The prospect gave him a queer chill.Sure, he would like Winterfell.  Who wouldn't?I want her, he realized. I want Winterfell, yes, but I want her as well, child or woman or whatever she is. I want to comfort her. I want to hear her laugh. I want her to come to me willingly, to bring me her joys and her sorrows and her lust.Yes, quite the horrible motives you've listed there.  He wants to comfort her, hear her laugh, and come to him willingly.  I mean, that's horrible! He actually wants to love her, treat her well, and have her love him!  He also, somewhat naively, believe she might actually come ot love him if he was good to her.  Outrageous!Regardless, the point is that you're judging him based on motives on which he did not act..  He had enough decency (more than you'd see elsewhere in Westeros) to suggest an alternative suitor who was closer to her age, despite these motives.  Doing the right thing despite having selfish motives to the contrary is exactly what makes him admirable.  Refusing to bed her despite wanting Winterfell, and despite wanting her physically, is what makes those actions noble.  Lots of people have selfish motives.  The difference between good and bad people is that good restrain the indulgence of those motives when it would hurt others, and the bad indulge them anyway.Pointing out that Tyrion had selfish thoughts and interests (thought hardly immoral ones) only emphasizes the virtue he displayed by not acting on them.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 01:01 PM.
3978	Zman1863	2013-05-09	I guess you also believe Tywin to be a wonderful father to Tyrion, seeing how many times in Westeros dwarf babies are left to die.  Yet, Tywin did abandon baby Tyrion in a forest and actually provided for him.  Despite the shame he felt from having a dwarf for a son.Truly Tywin is the best father of the series.I wasn't aware that I was making an over-the-top and tearful tribute to Tyrion's general character in my post. I was writing of judging a character's individual actions in societal context. So to take your example of Tywin, I would analyze his act of raising his dwarf son as an unusual act that makes him a more complicated character. It potentially says many things about him. But in no way does that mean I think his general character or his quality as a parent is defined by that one act.  Name one dark act that Peter has performed on the show?They have him blackmail and threaten Lancel, with a hint of the tune of the Rains of Castamere tune in the background. They frame that scene to show a certain ruthlessness. By contrast, the scenes with Slynt and rooting out the informer in the small council are portrayed lightheartedly.
3979	Gannicus	2013-05-09	Well, he might like to think that, but really it was an empty choice that made Tyrion feel better... not Sansa.Ha, even when he tries to do a nice thing where he stands to gain nothing he does for selfish reasons eh? That might be a good sign that you're going over the top with your dislike.
3980	Minsc	2013-05-09	They have him blackmail and threaten Lancel, with a hint of the tune of the Rains of Castamere tune in the background. They frame that scene to show a certain ruthlessness. By contrast, the scenes with Slynt and rooting out the informer in the small council are portrayed lightheartedly. I would hardly argue that they portrayed that as a dark act, instead it was shown as means to display how awesome and intelligent he is.I wasn't aware that I was making an over-the-top and tearful tribute to Tyrion's general character in my post. I was writing of judging a character's individual actions in societal context. So to take your example of Tywin, I would analyze his act of raising his dwarf son as an unusual act that makes him a more complicated character. It potentially says many things about him. But in no way does that mean I think his general character or his quality as a parent is defined by that one act.I don't care about societal values in this context not raping a sacred girl or killing your deformed baby isn't a noble act.  Instead, it just means you are not a complete and utter monster.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 09 May 2013 - 01:14 PM.
3981	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	I guess you also believe Tywin to be a wonderful father to Tyrion, seeing how many times in Westeros dwarf babies are left to die.  Yet, Tywin did abandon baby Tyrion in a forest and actually provided for him.  Despite the shame he felt from having a dwarf for a son.False analogy.  I don't recall reading that the nobility in Westeros commonly put their dwarf babies out to die.   Peasantry might do it sometimes simply because of a mouth to feed that could not work, marry, etc.., but I don't recall it being stated that was common among the nobility.  Dwarves were said to be "mocked", which would be difficult if they were generally killed at birth.  And of course, there were Penny and her brother, further demonstrating the lack of wholescale dwarf-slaughtering.So no, I give him no points for not slaughtering Tyrion when he was born, though I take away massive points for the way he treated him afterwards.  Which is perfectly fair given that  aime proves that not all Westerosi are cruel to dwarfs in their own family.Which makes Stannis a terrible King, seeing as he actually thinks about his people during war. Makes Tywin an awesome High Lord, I KNEW IT.Another false analogy.  Where is it ever established that Kings are not supposed to think about their people during war, such that Stannis is violating some sort of social taboo by doing so?  We see Renly being nice to the poor.  Robb considering them as well.  And Stannis, as you pointed out.Tyrion, in contrast turned down his legal right to bed Sansa, and defied expectations that he do so as well, while amongst people who mocked him for his refusal.  In his time and place, that was a noble act.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 01:21 PM.
3982	Minsc	2013-05-09	False analogy.  I don't recall reading that the nobility in Westeros commonly put their dwarf babies out to die.   Peasantry might do it sometimes simply because of a mouth to feed that could not work, marry, etc.., but I don't recall it being stated that was common among the nobility.  Dwarves were said to be "mocked", which would be difficult if they were generally killed at birth.  And of course, there were Penny and her brother, further demonstrating the lack of wholescale dwarf-slaughtering.So no, I give him no points for not slaughtering Tyrion when he was born, though I take away massive points for the way he treated him afterwards.  Which is perfectly fair given that  aime proves that not all Westerosi are cruel to dwarfs in their own family.Most marriages in Westeros are not forced liked how Sansa's marriage was, thus Tyrion receives no points for not raping her.Tyrion only receives points if Tywin does.
3983	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Most marriages in Westeros are not forced liked how Sansa's marriage was, thus Tyrion receives no points for not raping her.Not from you, but apparently from others.  Including the author, who would not have included all those scenes with him arguing against the marriages, telling her she could have Lancel, refusing to bed her despite being ordered, willing to take public abuse for not doing so, humiliating himself so that she doesn't get abused, if it wasn't a positive reflection on his character in Westeros.  And of course, in Westeros, it's not rape.  Or do you think Sansa (or any other woman) would have come screaming out her wedding room saying "help, my husband is trying to rape me?"
3984	greensleeves	2013-05-09	Sure, he would like Winterfell.  Who wouldn't?Yes, quite the horrible motives you've listed there.  He wants to comfort her, hear her laugh, and come to him willingly.  I mean, that's horrible! He actually wants to love her, treat her well, and have her love him!  He also, somewhat naively, believe she might actually come ot love him if he was good to her.  Outrageous!Regardless, the point is that you're judging him based on motives on which he did not act..  He had enough decency (more than you'd see elsewhere in Westeros) to suggest an alternative suitor who was closer to her age, despite these motives.  Doing the right thing despite having selfish motives to the contrary is exactly what makes him admirable.  Refusing to bed her despite wanting Winterfell, and despite wanting her physically, is what makes those actions noble.  Lots of people have selfish motives.  The difference between good and bad people is that good restrain the indulgence of those motives when it would hurt others, and the bad indulge them anyway.Pointing out that Tyrion had selfish thoughts and interests (thought hardly immoral ones) only emphasizes the virtue he displayed by not acting on them.Other people were arguing that he married Sansa in order to save her from a marriage with Lancel.  I was simply pointing out that he, in fact, had selfish motives... something we appear to be in agreement on.Those motives weren't necessarily bad, horrible, or 'evil' (I never said they were).  In fact they are perfectly understandable.  The core of his desires are simply independence from his family (his father in particular) and companionship (in the form of a loving spouse).  Who wouldn't want these things?However, Tyrion is persuaded to try and obtain them in a completely idiotic fashion: forcibly marrying Sansa, his family's prisoner.Tyrion should know that this won't work out.  He's seen first hand the misery that comes from unhappy marriages.Unfortunately for Tyrion, he has a lot of flaws as a character and this marriage plays on some of his biggest (particularly his tendency towards disfunction when dealing with women and his persecution complex).When Sansa rejects him in their marriage bed, it's probably the first time in his entire life that he's been rejected romantically (he's used to whores after all).  Tyrion is way out of his element here.Ha, even when he tries to do a nice thing where he stands to gain nothing he does for selfish reasons eh? That might be a good sign that you're going over the top with your dislike.I like Tyrion, but I appreciate him as a flawed character.  The truth of Tyrion's 'offer' is that it doesn't make Sansa feel any better or give her any kind of real choice... that's clear in her POV.Why does Tyrion make the offer?  Well, we aren't in his head when he makes it, but we know that he has a deep desire to be gallant and also to be wanted.  My guess is that it stems from those two desires.On the whitewashing front:It's not just that they've taken away a lot of Tyrion's more questionable actions.  They've actually given him actions he didn't have in the books.  For example, TV!Tyrion is the one who corrects Jon's bad attitude at the watch instead of one of the Night's Watch.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 09 May 2013 - 02:13 PM.
3985	Rapsie	2013-05-09	Not from you, but apparently from others.  Including the author, who would not have included all those scenes with him arguing against the marriages,The scene where he is seduced into marrying her and when offered an unattractive, but willing alternative, he would rather have the forced child bride whose family has been murdered by his, which he is well aware of. And that he is also aware the only way he becomes Lord of Winterfell is when they kill off her other brother. telling her she could have Lancel,The man who assisted Joff in her beatings. Seriously? Also that offer came across as complete conscience salving. There was no way it could have been changed to Lancel at that stage and she had just been threatend by the Queen, dragged there by guards and told by the King, that she had to marry.refusing to bed her despite being ordered,Wow, he refused to rape a 12 year old prisoner that had been forced to marry him against her will. Give the man a cookie!willing to take public abuse for not doing so,What public abuse? Tyrion gets comments from Joff and Tywin and the rest of the laughs are as likely because it is known the bride was dragged to the alter and refused to kneel for him and that the only bride he could get was a forced prisoner child, as much as the non-consummation. Especially as the author has stated that it was common when a girl was married young to wait a few years to bed them. so if that was normal, why are people laughing at him. could it be unreliable narrator on Tyrion's part? especially as he feels his horse is laughing at him and it is easier and more in character for him to believe that he is being laughed at for nobley not consummating the marriage than the fact the bride had to be dragged there and refused to kneel for him. humiliating himself so that she doesn't get abused,That actually can be seen as him protecting her, but can also be viewed as him not wanting the bedding as she was on the verge of tears and hysteria and it was bad enough having a bride being dragged to the alter, but having a screaming/ crying girl brought to your bed chamber would have been awful for both of them. Also he spoiled any attempt to shield her further by making the joke about wanting to rape her in front of everyone, and he didn't have to do it to avoid the bedding as Tywin had already dispensed with it. Or do you think Sansa (or any other woman) would have come screaming out her wedding room saying "help, my husband is trying to rape me?"No, because having said vows she wouldn't think of it's rape. That doesn't change the fact that that's whatit would have been, or that people like Ned and Jaime saw the horror in Robert and Aerysraping their wives.
3986	sansatyrell	2013-05-09	Just for the record, I'd like to say that I don't blame Tyrion for their situation. In fact I thought it was sweet that he wanted to treat her well (although terribly unrealistic of him to expect her to respond positively). My beef (as I feel like I mentioned, pages ago at this point), is that people continue to call Sansa nasty names for not running into Tyrion's arms, or being SO thankful that he's a decent guy. She's been through hell and back, and is now getting forced to marry a member of the family who put her through that hell.
3987	Rapsie	2013-05-09	Just for the record, I'd like to say that I don't blame Tyrion for their situation. In fact I thought it was sweet that he wanted to treat her well (although terribly unrealistic of him to expect her to respond positively). My beef (as I feel like I mentioned, pages ago at this point), is that people continue to call Sansa nasty names for not running into Tyrion's arms, or being SO thankful that he's a decent guy. She's been through hell and back, and is now getting forced to marry a member of the family who put her through that hell.I blame him for not seeing what a train wreck it was going to be, but at the same time, he is used to prostitutes who have been paid to act and is used to falling for his own delusions, especially with Shae. But in terms of a marriage. Imagine Saddam Hussein had killed your family and you were forced to marry his nice (but had kept you prisoner uncle, who had also helped consolidate Saddam's power), how can anyone expect that to work well. Apart from in romantic fiction of course.
3988	Dove	2013-05-09	Just for the record, I'd like to say that I don't blame Tyrion for their situation. In fact I thought it was sweet that he wanted to treat her well (although terribly unrealistic of him to expect her to respond positively). My beef (as I feel like I mentioned, pages ago at this point), is that people continue to call Sansa nasty names for not running into Tyrion's arms, or being SO thankful that he's a decent guy. She's been through hell and back, and is now getting forced to marry a member of the family who put her through that hell.This.It's also kind of funny that a lot of people will praise Tyrion's act of not raping his wife as ~good and noble~, and then not really acknowledge Sansa saving Dontos despite her being a hostage under constant threat of beatings and worse at the time. Some people just have blinders on when it comes to particular characters that they develop an initial distaste for, I suppose.
3989	SilentSense	2013-05-09	Tyrion scores points  for how he handled the Sansa marriage. It clearly marks him out as being far better than the median Westerosi highborn. And yes, not consummating the marriage when Sansa clearly didn't want him to was a nice and kind thing to do.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 09 May 2013 - 03:11 PM.
3990	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	Just for the record, I'd like to say that I don't blame Tyrion for their situation. In fact I thought it was sweet that he wanted to treat her well (although terribly unrealistic of him to expect her to respond positively). My beef (as I feel like I mentioned, pages ago at this point), is that people continue to call Sansa nasty names for not running into Tyrion's arms, or being SO thankful that he's a decent guy. She's been through hell and back, and is now getting forced to marry a member of the family who put her through that hell.QFT! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I facepalmed when he said that in the dark he could be her Knight of Flowers. Really now? I get he's trying to be nice but that is a dumb thing to say.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 09 May 2013 - 04:13 PM.
3991	Woman of War	2013-05-09	No, arranged marriages are marriages that benefit both families, or are in accordance with some binding custom, the interests of the individuals involved be damned.  Loras isn't benefitting by marrying Cersei, Ned/Catelyn didn't benefit by marrying each other, etc..  They did it because they were expected/told to.Exactly. How can people assume that a young person is nothing but happy when being sold by his or her own family for the sake of that family, how can people believe that a union that benefits "the family" is automatically good for the young person concerned!! This is denying any individuality to a child, making her or him a business asset for the sake of everyone but her- or himself.
3992	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	But in terms of a marriage. Imagine Saddam Hussein had killed your family and you were forced to marry his nice (but had kept you prisoner uncle, who had also helped consolidate Saddam's power), how can anyone expect that to work well. Apart from in romantic fiction of course.Uh, well, maybe like when Henry V married Catherine after beating up on her father for awhile?  Those times are not like now.  Marriages among nobility were understood to very often be for politically pragmatic reasons rather than love, to strengthen dynastic ties or whatever, so to ask "how would you like to marry Saddam Hussein" , in the modern context misses the mark completely.
3993	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	and then not really acknowledge Sansa saving Dontos despite her being a hostage under constant threat of beatings and worse at the time. Some people just have blinders on when it comes to particular characters that they develop an initial distaste for, I suppose.Sansa' problem is a perceived lack of maturity, like she's still living in fantasy worlds rather than realities.  Yes, she helped Ser Dontos.  Then she started thinking of it as a Florian and Jonquil adventure.  Sansa isn't evil, nor even nasty, at least not after AOGT, so hatred would seem really out of line to me.  On the other hand, most every time I read one of her chapters, the overwhelming thought running through my head is "how about growing the fuck up, girl?"
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 May 2013 - 05:09 PM.
3994	Colonel Green	2013-05-09	Uh, well, maybe like when Henry V married Catherine after beating up on her father for awhile?  Those times are not like now.  Marriages among nobility were understood to very often be for politically pragmatic reasons rather than love, to strengthen dynastic ties or whatever, so to ask "how would you like to marry Saddam Hussein" , in the modern context misses the mark completely.Sansa was not raised expecting to marry into the murderers of her family.
3995	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-09	Sansa was not raised expecting to marry into the murderers of her family.No, I'm sure that Catherine didn't plan on marrying the guy who pillaged her country,either.  But I'll bet both of them were aware that they were likely going to be married via arranged marriages.  So while she may not have liked who she was marrying, objections based on the concept of the arranged marriage itself is purely a function of us imposing our morality and expectations into a world where they are foreign.
3996	Minsc	2013-05-09	is purely a function of us imposing our morality and expectations into a world where they are foreign.And yet that is what people do with all characters.  People condemn Viserys for abusing and selling Dany off, yet I doubt that Westeros/Essos has strict child abuse laws so should we just accept that Viserys was likely a swell guy.  People hate and revile dwarfs in Westeros, thus we shouldn't feel any sympathy for Tyrion as how he is not being mistreated according his society instead Tywin is being overwhelming generous through his continual support of Tyrion.  etc.Moreover, Tyrion and Sansa is not an "arranged marriage" instead it is simply a "forced marriage" which in Westeros society is completely different from each other.  As see in Luwin's discussions regarding Lady Hornwood's and Ramsay's marriage of how it is likely not valid and it was so wrong Rodrick Cassel goes to kill Ramsay over it.
3997	Colonel Green	2013-05-09	But I'll bet both of them were aware that they were likely going to be married via arranged marriages.  So while she may not have liked who she was marrying, objections based on the concept of the arranged marriage itself is purely a function of us imposing our morality and expectations into a world where they are foreign.Er, no.  There's a world of difference between a marriage arranged by her parents, which (given who her parents are) she would expect to be made with both her interests and the interests of her family (and not all families do it like that, obviously, but that's irrelevant to Sansa's experience and expectations), and her enemies forcing her to marry into their house at sword point.And yet that is what people do with all characters.  People condemn Viserys for abusing and selling Dany off, yet I doubt that Westeros/Essos has strict child abuse laws so should we just accept that Viserys was likely a swell guy.  People hate and revile dwarfs in Westeros, thus we shouldn't feel any sympathy for Tyrion as how he is not being mistreated according his society instead Tywin is being overwhelming generous through his continual support of Tyrion.  etc.Yeah, by the same logic the readers should condemn Arya for not conforming to her expected societal role.
					
					
							Edited by Colonel Green, 09 May 2013 - 05:51 PM.
3998	Grail King	2013-05-09	Just for the record, I'd like to say that I don't blame Tyrion for their situation. In fact I thought it was sweet that he wanted to treat her well (although terribly unrealistic of him to expect her to respond positively). My beef (as I feel like I mentioned, pages ago at this point), is that people continue to call Sansa nasty names for not running into Tyrion's arms, or being SO thankful that he's a decent guy. She's been through hell and back, and is now getting forced to marry a member of the family who put her through that hell. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3999	Zman1863	2013-05-09	There is no either/or distinction between forced and arranged marriages. Arranged marriages can be forced, and I think most of Westeros's arranged marriages can be classified as such because the party to be married lacks an effective choice to consent. Thus the discussion is of degrees of force or a spectrum of force rather than of forced or arranged.
4000	Minsc	2013-05-09	There is no either/or distinction between forced and arranged marriages. Arranged marriages can be forced, and I think most of Westeros's arranged marriages can be classified as such because the party to be married lacks an effective choice to consent. Thus the discussion is of degrees of force or a spectrum of force rather than of forced or arranged.Within Westeros there is a separation between what their denizens consider Arranged or Force Marriages.  Simply, what happened with Sansa was a Forced Marriage.
4001	Gannicus	2013-05-09	I like Tyrion, but I appreciate him as a flawed character.  The truth of Tyrion's 'offer' is that it doesn't make Sansa feel any better or give her any kind of real choice... that's clear in her POV.Haha, you can claim that to make yourself seem less biased but your posts paint a different picture. We've seen you post some very one sided things against Tyrion, and the sheer number of posts would point to thr contrary.
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 10 May 2013 - 05:52 AM.
4002	Gannicus	2013-05-09	Just for the record, I'd like to say that I don't blame Tyrion for their situation. In fact I thought it was sweet that he wanted to treat her well (although terribly unrealistic of him to expect her to respond positively). My beef (as I feel like I mentioned, pages ago at this point), is that people continue to call Sansa nasty names for not running into Tyrion's arms, or being SO thankful that he's a decent guy. She's been through hell and back, and is now getting forced to marry a member of the family who put her through that hell.That's a good post. Although I think very few reasonable posters would expect Sansa to go running into Tyrions arms.As someone who didn't respect Sansa for a long while, my issues had nothing to do with how she regarded Tyrion. I found her character frustrating for different reasons. By far my biggest problem with her was that she was a poor older sister. I thought running off to Cersei came across as a bit spoiled and selfish. I also found her lack of action in ACOK frustrating, although it's completely reasonable given her situation in KL. I understand none of these things are that bad and they are especially excusable for an 11 year old but they influence how we stand on a character.
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 10 May 2013 - 05:54 AM.
4003	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	That's a good post. Although I think very few reasonable posters would expect Sansa to go running into Tyrions arms.As someone who didn't respect Sansa for a long while, my issues had nothing to do with how she regarded Tyrion. I found her character frustrating for different reasons. By far my biggest problem with her was that she was a poor older sister. I thought running off to Cersei came across as a bit spoiled and selfish. I also found her lack of action in ACOK frustrating, although it's completely reasonable given her situation in KL. I understand none of these things are that bad and they are especially excusable for an 11 year old but they influence how we stand on a character.Well said.  I do not think her not wanting to marry Tyrion is blameworthy -- why would she?  If her reasoning/attitude is "look, thank you for being kind to me, but I'm not in the mood to marry anyone -- my family is in danger, I'm a prisoner, this is being done without my family's consent, and the whole idea pisses me off", that's fine.  I'd much prefer to read some anger and directness than I would her retreats into fantasy, and I think people would respect that.	Particularly if it is accompanied by statements to Tyrion recognizing that he's being a decent guy about this.  That would be a sign of maturity.But if it's "I don't want to marry this ugly little dwarf, I want to marry a handsome Highgarden prince", then it's the self-centeredness/shallowness that will bug people.  And I got the sense from book Sansa at least that a handsome Tyrion would have been fine, because she seemed perfectly fine with marrying Loras or Willas.  It wasn't the fact of the marriage that bothered her, but who she was marrying.Again, this doesn't make her a horrible person.  It makes her an immature, somewhat self-centered 12/13 year old girl..  And lots of people don't find that all that likeable, which is perfectly understandable.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 09:00 AM.
4004	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	Within Westeros there is a separation between what their denizens consider Arranged or Force Marriages.  Simply, what happened with Sansa was a Forced Marriage.There is a difference between a marriage to which the family consents, and one that it doesn't.  That much is made clear by Robb's reaction to hearing about Sansa getting married.  I don't know if that's the distinction you're drawing, or not.  But if it is, that distinction isn't really relevant, because the individual doesn't have a real choice either way.If your distinction between "arranged" and "forced" is that the person likes the match, I think that distinction does not exist in Westeros.  The issue was that nobility didn't often live in sufficiently close proximity to potential matches to develop a relationship, and broadband connections were too unreliable for them to Skype, text, or even post on Facebook.  So, parents would arrange marriages with suitable children of other nobility, and their children would be expected to comply as part of their duty.  It's the tradeoff for otherwise living better than 99% of the population.  Demanding that Robb marry a Frey daughter as the price for crossing the Twins was not something unheard of.  He didn't even meet her, and had no idea whether he'd like her or not.  But, marriage is a duty, so he did it.  And Ned/Catelyn, etc. etc. etc.
4005	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-10	Well said.  I do not think her not wanting to marry Tyrion is blameworthy -- why would she?  If her reasoning/attitude is "look, thank you for being kind to me, but I'm not in the mood to marry anyone -- my family is in danger, I'm a prisoner, this is being done without my family's consent, and the whole idea pisses me off", that's fine.  I'd much prefer to read some anger and directness than I would her retreats into fantasy, and I think people would respect that.	Particularly if it is accompanied by statements to Tyrion recognizing that he's being a decent guy about this.  That would be a sign of maturity.But if it's "I don't want to marry this ugly little dwarf, I want to marry a handsome Highgarden prince", then it's the self-centeredness/shallowness that will bug people.  And I got the sense from book Sansa at least that a handsome Tyrion would have been fine, because she seemed perfectly fine with marrying Loras or Willas.  It wasn't the fact of the marriage that bothered her, but who she was marrying.Again, this doesn't make her a horrible person.  It makes her an immature, somewhat self-centered 12/13 year old girl..  And lots of people don't find that all that likeable, which is perfectly understandable.Show me some 12/13-year-old girls who would prefer to marry an extremely ugly dwarf over a normal-looking lame man or a good-looking young man only four years older than oneself; I'd like to meet this paragon of maturity.  Add to that the fact that Sansa did not want to marry a Lannister at all, tried to run away physically from the marriage and was told she would be dragged to the altar if she did not walk there on her own, and you have a picture, in the book, of a victim, not a shallow, self-centered girl.  When Sansa was given, by her prospective ugly dwarf bridegroom, the choice to marry his far more attractive non-dwarf cousin, Sansa made a decision based on the character, not the looks, of the two men, and chose ugly Tyrion, since she knew that he had been kind to her and pretty Lancel certainly had not been kind.  It was still a decision between two evils; rather than the choice, her choice, that Sansa had been given, with no coercion, whether to marry the crippled but supposedly gentle and intelligent Willas Tyrell.Yes, Sansa still bemoaned that she was being forced to marry an extremely ugly dwarf.  I would have too.  It's human nature, not evidence of a shallow, superficial characer.   Arya has displayed similar judgments based on physical appearances; complaining about being made to escort "fat" Prince Tommen to the feast in AGOT.  Sansa never spoke her prejudice, never said to anyone that she found Tyrion ugly; not even to Littlefinger or her aunt Lysa, who encouraged her to think and speak poorly of Tyrion.  A superficial/shallow girl would have complained to someone, especially after being taken out of the Lannisters' power, about Tyrion's looks.  Sansa, looking at naked Tyrion as he is trying to seduce her, feels pity for him.   In her place, at almost 13, I would not have been able to veil my horror and revulsion at my extremely ugly dwarf bridegroom even slightly, or feel any pity for him.
4006	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	Show me some 12/13-year-old girls who would prefer to marry an extremely ugly dwarf over a normal-looking lame man or a good-looking young man only four years older than oneself; I'd like to meet this paragon of maturity.You missed the point.  I specifically said that I did not blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion.  I said it would be a sign of maturity if she did not want him as a husband but still appreciated, and expressed, the fact that he was as kind to her as circumstances permitted.  What I do think makes her look badly is being so excited about the possibility of marrying Loras.  Given the Lannister/Tyrell alliance, what has happened to her family, etc.., being excited about Loras Tyrell and harrumphing about not having good dressmakers in KL looks shallow and self-centered.Now, maybe all that is to be expected from a 13 year old girl.  But regardless, lots and lots of viewers are not going to be very interested in "the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-centered 13 Year Old, and What She Thinks About Dresses."  Not when far more interesting (to most people) things are happening elsewhere.Add to that the fact that Sansa did not want to marry a Lannister at all, tried to run away physically from the marriage and was told she would be dragged to the altar if she did not walk there on her own, and you have a picture, in the book, of a victim, not a shallow, self-centered girl.  She can be both a victim, and shallow and self-centered.  They are in no sense mutually exclusive.  And as I've stated before, one of her least attractive qualities is feeling sorry for herself.  That's not something we see much of in the series from other characters, so it stands out.  One place we did see it was with Sam first arriving at the Wall, and I frankly shared some of the negative reactions towards him while he was doing that.  What happened to him was neither right nor fair, but that doesn't make a perpetual "woe is me" outlook, and curling up in a ball, any more attractive.
4007	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	The Lannisters are the ones who have destroyed her family and abused her, not the Tyrells, the Tyrells, whether they have meant it sincerely or not, have been nice to her, so on that basis alone she would be more excited to marry a Tyrell than a Lannister.
4008	Minsc	2013-05-10	[/font]You missed the point.  I specifically said that I did not blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion.  I said it would be a sign of maturity if she did not want him as a husband but still appreciated, and expressed, the fact that he was as kind to her as circumstances permitted.  What I do think makes her look badly is being so excited about the possibility of marrying Loras.  Given the Lannister/Tyrell alliance, what has happened to her family, etc.., being excited about Loras Tyrell and harrumphing about not having good dressmakers in KL looks shallow and self-centered.Seeing how the Tyrells didn't kill her father, try to kill her younger brother, and repeatedly have her beaten there is a world's difference between marrying one of them and a Lannister.She can be both a victim, and shallow and self-centered.  They are in no sense mutually exclusive.  And as I've stated before, one of her least attractive qualities is feeling sorry for herself.  That's not something we see much of in the series from other characters, so it stands out. You mean like how Arya whines about her mother used to tell her that she should try washing and actually apply herself to her lessons?  Or Bran constantly talking about he can no longer be a knight? Or how Jon repeatedly cries how despite growing up better then 99% of Westeros one time he wasn't able to sit with the king?  Or how Jaime has a crying fit because people gave him an unflattering nickname while leaving him unharmed otherwise?  Or how Stannis complains that Robert gave Renly Storm's End and him Dragonstone when didn't need to do either?  Tyrion about almost every single thing?  Theon about how his dad doesn't like him and Ned didn't welcome him into his family?Truly, characters feeling self pity is soley a Sansa thing besides all those other POVs.
4009	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	The Lannisters are the ones who have destroyed her family and abused her, not the Tyrells, the Tyrells, whether they have meant it sincerely or not, have been nice to her, so on that basis alone she would be more excited to marry a Tyrell than a Lannister.What part of "I do not think her not wanting to marry Tyrion is blameworthy" did you not comprehend?
4010	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-10	I have to agree with the OP. I'm not a book purist, but this is one deviation that doesn't make sense. If D&D would have just kept it the way it is in the books the audience would have been shocked. I'm still loving this season overall though.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 10 May 2013 - 11:20 AM.
4011	Minsc	2013-05-10	What part of "I do not think her not wanting to marry Tyrion is blameworthy" did you not comprehend?The fact that you obviously do seeing how you keep calling her selfish and shallow because she doesn't treat him the same as Willas.
4012	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-10	[/font]You missed the point.  I specifically said that I did not blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion.  I said it would be a sign of maturity if she did not want him as a husband but still appreciated, and expressed, the fact that he was as kind to her as circumstances permitted.  What I do think makes her look badly is being so excited about the possibility of marrying Loras.  Given the Lannister/Tyrell alliance, what has happened to her family, etc.., being excited about Loras Tyrell and harrumphing about not having good dressmakers in KL looks shallow and self-centered.Now, maybe all that is to be expected from a 13 year old girl.  But regardless, lots and lots of viewers are not going to be very interested in "the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-centered 13 Year Old, and What She Thinks About Dresses."  Not when far more interesting (to most people) things are happening elsewhere.She can be both a victim, and shallow and self-centered.  They are in no sense mutually exclusive.  And as I've stated before, one of her least attractive qualities is feeling sorry for herself.  That's not something we see much of in the series from other characters, so it stands out.  One place we did see it was with Sam first arriving at the Wall, and I frankly shared some of the negative reactions towards him while he was doing that.  What happened to him was neither right nor fair, but that doesn't make a perpetual "woe is me" outlook, and curling up in a ball, any more attractive.What was so horrible about book-Sansa's brief moment of excitement at the thought of marrying Loras?  The girl had been an abused prisoner for over year, subject to frequent beatings; and then is offered (she thinks) the prospect of marrying the handsome knight she'd had a crush, in a marriage that she had good reason to believe would remove her from captivity and abuse.  Frankly, I'd have been jumping for joy too.  When Sansa was told that the prospective bridegroom was not Loras but his crippled brother, she very quickly evaluated the situation in light of the change; instead of bewailing the prospect of the Loras match snatched away from her.  Sansa's decision to take the chance of escape via a kind and gentle, though crippled, bridegroom, was rather mature; instead of thinking how unlucky she was to only get a physically damaged husband, she thought of making her future husband love her.Sam was not 12 years old when his father forced him to take the Black.  There is a huge gulf in maturity between 13 and 15 or 16.  I also recall Jon Snow being rather self-pitying his first weeks at the Wall, thinking how wronged he was to have been deceived by his uncle and father as to the reality of the Night's Watch.The only time that Sansa curled up in a ball and cried was immediately after seeing her father decapitated.  She did wallow in self-pity then, but she was also quite genuinely unhappy, and with very good reason.  And, after that, when she very bravely defied Joffrey, she was beaten.  Unlike Arya or Jon in their new situations, Sansa was alone, with no one to help her or advise her (except for the Hound, whose loyalty was sworn to Sansa's enemies, not her).  Another time she suffered a breakdown, though much shorter in duration, was during the nightmare and panic attack caused by her first menstruation.  Given that Sansa had observed the riot and been attacked during it; and her knowing the personal consequences of menstruation (getting to marry Joffrey and have his children, oh joy), her horror was understandable; especially since she had kept her emotions on such a tight leash for months.  I don't have ASOS handy, and can't remember how much time Sansa spent, while anticipating the Tyrell marriage, thinking about dressmakers.  But considering that picking out the right clothes, thinking of colors and tailoring and decoration, is something a bride does; and Sansa was a willing bride at the time, I don't see why she should be criticized for it.  Sansa had always been into fashion and sewing; it was part of her, she would probably always notice such things at different parts of her life, even when stressed.  And in King's Landing, her wardrobe, what she wore and how she did her hair and makeup had become part of her armor.  I remember reading on one occasion after she had been beaten, Sansa very calmly orders her maids to get powder/makeup to hide the bruise, and selects a gown that she knows Joffrey likes, thinking that the choice of the dress may mollify Joffrey into treating her better for the moment.  Sansa is not skilled with a sword or a martial artist; nor can she (at that time) sexually seduce people; she was picking her weapons among what she had and could use, with the knowledge that she had.  As far as the criticism of Sansa for being excited about the Tyrell marriage when the Tyrells were allied with the Lannisters...I don't think there was anyone in the palace who was not allied with the Lannisters or serving them; Sansa knew that.  But as far as she knew, the Tyrells had chosen, perhaps because they were powerful enough, to reach out to her and take her away from Lannister control; and from what Sansa had observed, being under their control was preferable to being Joffrey's whipping girl and future unwilling mistress.  Her options were not very good at the time - wait for Robb to come save her (wait a long time, as she had been), strike out alone into the streets of King's Landing where she had nearly been raped/killed and Lollys Stokeworth had been gang-raped - that is, if Sansa could have escaped her guards, wait on the usually drunk Ser Dontos to spring her (which Sansa was getting increasingly skeptical about), or grasp the lifeline that the Tyrells had offered by taking a chance on marriage to the Tyrell heir.  Actually, I'd find "the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-centered 13 Year Old, and What She Thinks About Dresses" interesting when it's the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-Centered 13-year-old and What She Thinks About Dresses While Taken Hostage and Abused By Her Family's Enemies - more, or at least just as interesting as would be the Adventures of a Brave, Mature, Self-Sufficient Warrior Princess Taken Hostage By Her Family's Enemies.  I find the idea of this extremely naive, pampered and sheltered child suddenly becoming both persona non grata and a brutalized captive to be fascinating - I would want to know how she copes, how she survives, does she grow stronger and more aware of the realities of life?  That is a huge part of the appeal of Sansa's story for me.   Sansa at age 12 is a lot more like I was than Arya at 12 (minus Sansa's interest in embroidery and fashion; my interest and skill in those topics was never very strong), in terms of Sansa's naivete and love of legends/romances.  And what I liked about Sansa's arc is that she does slowly toughen up; she does recognize that stories are just stories and that most people want to use her rather than genuinely help her; but she does keep some of her ideals and at least some compassion, as well as hone her observational skills.  She is still a pawn, but most characters and real people under the age of 14 are pawns.  If Sansa still has no agency or has taken no steps without Littlefinger's guidance by the time she is 20, then I will be more disappointed by her arc; but for now I find the book-character fascinating and far more realistic than Arya.
4013	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	What part of "I do not think her not wanting to marry Tyrion is blameworthy", and "I specfically said that I did not blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion" did you two not understand?The point isn't her not wanting to marry Tyrion.  I get that.  The point is her being excited about marrying anyone at this point, especially including the Lannister-allied Tyrells, and worrying about how nice her dress will be.  The Tyrells didn't kill her father (of course, Tyrion didn't either), but they are most assuredly supporting Joffrey, Cersei, and the rest of the Lannisters in their efforts to send her brother Robb to the same fate.  Doesn't seem to bother her in the slightest, though.You mean like how Arya whines about her mother used to tell her that she should try washing and actually apply herself to her lessons? Or Bran constantly talking about he can no longer be a knight? Or how Jon repeatedly cries how despite growing up better then 99% of Westeros one time he wasn't able to sit with the king?No, because all those actions occured during times of peace, when people are naturally preoccupied by the mundane ups and downs of daily life. Typical bitching about the little things.  But you know what?  After what happened to Ned, I don't recall those characters making the same type of complaints about petty indignities, though I'd argue that Bran's being a paraplegic for life isn't petty.  Yet after Ned has been killed, Arya's missing, Robb is the target of the Lannisters and Tyrells, and she has no idea regarding the status of her mother and younger brothers.  Yet, she's lamenting that there aren't any good dressmakers in KL.Or how Jaime has a crying fit because people gave him an unflattering nickname while leaving him unharmed otherwise? Or how Stannis complains that Robert gave Renly Storm's End and him Dragonstone when didn't need to do either? Tyrion about almost every single thing?None of those characters are so defined by those particular complaints that they are otherwise unable to act assertively, and none of them have loved ones in as dire straights as are the rest of the Starks..  They bitch about things that they're angry about, then move on an act.  Sansa mopes.Theon about how his dad doesn't like him and Ned didn't welcome him into his family?Oh, I'll definitely give you that one seeing as how it so utterly dominated his personality that he betrayed the Starks, murdered the Miller boys, etc..  Which is one reason I hated his character far more than I ever disliked Sansa's.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 11:37 AM.
4014	Tirilei	2013-05-10	Sansa, looking at naked Tyrion as he is trying to seduce her, feels pity for him.   Oh no, will we have to endure watching that in some future episode?  I'm with Sansa, get out of town quick, girl!
4015	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	The fact that you obviously do seeing how you keep calling her selfish and shallow because she doesn't treat him the same as Willas.Please point me to the language where I said she should treat him the same as Willas.  That'd be quite the trick since she's never even met Willas at all.I said -- repeatedly -- that I don't blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion, in part because she'd got very good reasons to not want to marry anyone.  Nor do I have a problem with her being even less reluctant to marry Tyrion than she would be to marry Willas.  My issues are 1) that she shouldn't be thrilled about marrying anyone at this point, and that getting caught up in things like the dress she will wear to Joffrey's wedding is shallow, and 2) that to the extent she does not want to marry Tyrion, that she'd come off better if she'd tell Tyrion that she didn't want to marry anyone because of the entire situation, but that she is appreciative of the consideration he has shown for her.Whatever verbal gymnastics you wish to attempt, I personally think it is fair to say that Tyrion has engaged in actions that are intended to protect her feelings as much as he can.  Which is limited, of course, but he still tries.  A sign of positive maturity from her, in recognition of that, would be to thank him for that and explain why she does not want to marry.
4016	Minsc	2013-05-10	No, because all those actions occured during times of peace, when people are naturally preoccupied by the mundane ups and downs of daily life. Typical bitching about the little things.  But you know what?  After what happened to Ned, I don't recall those characters making the same type of complaints about petty indignities,There was peace during ACOK, ASOS, and ADWD?  Seeing how Arya is complaining in ASOS and Jon is still complaining all the way into ADWD.None of those characters are so defined by those particular complaints that they are otherwise unable to act assertively, and none of them have loved ones in as dire straights as are the rest of the Starks..  They bitch about things that they're angry about, then move on an act.  Sansa mopes.Tyrion's entire life is him self pitying himself for everything, basically something goes wrong for him he declares it is because he is a dwarf.  Jaime becomes a raging asshole who commits multiple treasons because he is bitter about his nickname.  Yes, they act more asserative because they are in positions of power yet they still repeatedly whine about their lot in life.
4017	Tirilei	2013-05-10	The point isn't her not wanting to marry Tyrion.  I get that.  The point is her being excited about marrying anyone at this point, especially including the Lannister-allied Tyrells, and worrying about how nice her dress will be.  The Tyrells didn't kill her father (of course, Tyrion didn't either), but they are most assuredly supporting Joffrey, Cersei, and the rest of the Lannisters in their efforts to send her brother Robb to the same fate.  Doesn't seem to bother her in the slightest, though.You're a guy, right?  And never had any teenage daughters, correct? (Just guessing by your comment.)Ok, then here's random teenage girl 101 for you: It's all about emotions. Forget politics. Is he cute?  Maybe his heart is in the right place, maybe he is a bad boy who is soft inside and wants the right thing and I will turn him around and everything will be good, and he is so cute, and yes I know he has some downsides, but oh he is so cute, and maybe he is just misunderstood just like my girlfriends and I are, and did I mention he is so cute....? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 10 May 2013 - 11:47 AM.
4018	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-10	Please point me to the language where I said she should treat him the same as Willas.  That'd be quite the trick since she's never even met Willas at all.I said -- repeatedly -- that I don't blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion, in part because she'd got very good reasons to not want to marry anyone.  Nor do I have a problem with her being even less reluctant to marry Tyrion than she would be to marry Willas.  My issues are 1) that she shouldn't be thrilled about marrying anyone at this point, and that getting caught up in things like the dress she will wear to Joffrey's wedding is shallow, and 2) that to the extent she does not want to marry Tyrion, that she'd come off better if she'd tell Tyrion that she didn't want to marry anyone because of the entire situation, but that she is appreciative of the consideration he has shown for her.Whatever verbal gymnastics you wish to attempt, I personally think it is fair to say that Tyrion has engaged in actions that are intended to protect her feelings as much as he can.  Which is limited, of course, but he still tries.  A sign of positive maturity from her, in recognition of that, would be to thank him for that and explain why she does not want to marry.I guess I'm foolish or something; because if I had been in Sansa's situation, I'd have been utterly thrilled to be marrying a  Tyrell.  It's a matter of comparison.  At that point, Sansa was not intellectually mature enough (being an isolated 12-year-old) to figure out that the Tyrells were just using her for her claim to Winterfell.  All she could tell was that after months of being beaten for either defying Joffrey or his anger over her brother's actions and the delightful future prospect of becoming Joffrey's mistress and mother of his bastards, she was being offered not just a way out of King's Landing by the Tyrells, but protection against Joffrey's predation by marriage to the Heir of House Tyrell.  Of course, Sansa was thrilled!  The Tyrell marriage offer seemed to give her both what she desperately needed - protection from the Lannisters - and what she wanted - marriage to a Lord of good character who was not a Lannister and had not attacked anyone in her family.  If Sansa had been older and more experienced, she might have questioned the veracity of Olenna and Margaery's glowing description of Willas' character.  But just as Arya did not question the morality of the House of Black and White or the Faceless Men's suitability to be her guardians before she entered the House, Sansa did not question the promise of a kind, intelligent Tyrell heir as her bridegroom.  (Arya was desperate for safety, food and shelter; Sansa was desperate for freedom from fear as well as protection).   It was rather a bold step for Sansa; usually she thinks things out carefully or balks from making scary decisions, yet Sansa took the gamble of consenting to marry a man she did not know, with the confidence that she would be able to make the best of the situation and face the consequences of her decision, and make that man, who was not a knight in shining armor but a reclusive cripple, love her, and make their marriage work.Sansa's interest in what she's going to wear to Joffrey's wedding.  Sansa had been intent for the past year on pleasing her captors, on giving them no reason to doubt her loyalty or submission, in order to keep herself both alive and suffer less frequent beatings.  I would think that pleasing Joffrey and Cersei by wearing appropriately fine (costly, high quality) and suitable clothing at court and to Joffrey's wedding would be a high priority for Sansa.  Sansa's interest in fashion is both part of her range of interests and part of her armor.Why on earth should Sansa be expected to thank Tyrion for participating in a marital land-grab of her family's domain?  Especially since no one in Sansa's family (at that time, Robb and Catelyn were alive) consented to her marrying Tyrion, much less Sansa herself.  If Tyrion had wanted to protect Sansa's feelings, he'd have perhaps stalled his father and have gone to the Tyrells and tried to get Sansa to Highgarden; or just refused to participate in the marriage in the first place - if Sansa was going to be forcibly married go a Lannister, it would happen, but without his involvement; that would have been the noble course of action for Tyrion.  But he wanted to be Lord of Winterfell, especially when the means of attaining that lordship was marriage to a pretty young girl.
4019	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	I also recall Jon Snow being rather self-pitying his first weeks at the Wall, thinking how wronged he was to have been deceived by his uncle and father as to the reality of the Night's Watch.I mentioned previously that I didn't like Jon for that either.Actually, I'd find "the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-centered 13 Year Old, and What She Thinks About Dresses" interesting when it's the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-Centered 13-year-old and What She Thinks About Dresses While Taken Hostage and Abused By Her Family's Enemies - more, or at least just as interesting as would be the Adventures of a Brave, Mature, Self-Sufficient Warrior Princess Taken Hostage By Her Family's Enemies.That's fine.  I just think that the appeal of that former story is different in kind to the appeal of most of the rest of ASOIAF, which deals with massive geopolitics, war, assassins, magic, dragons, etc..  It is a human interest story of an immature and relatively self-centered (though somewhat realistic) 13 year old in the middle of an epic, brutal fantasy, where the other characters are engaging in high levels of activity, adventure, and danger.  So, she pales by comparison.I find the idea of this extremely naive, pampered and sheltered child suddenly becoming both persona non grata and a brutalized captive to be fascinating - I would want to know how she copes, how she survives, does she grow stronger and more aware of the realities of life?  That is a huge part of the appeal of Sansa's story for me.   Sansa at age 12 is a lot more like I was than Arya at 12 (minus Sansa's interest in embroidery and fashion; my interest and skill in those topics was never very strong), in terms of Sansa's naivete and love of legends/romances.I don't doubt that at all.  But that's kind of the point.  You (understandably) find Sansa's story interesting/appealing because you identify with her.  But for everyone who doesn't identify with her, we just see the "extremely naive, pampered, and sheltered" Sansa, possessing those qualities, which I assume you'd agree are generally not attractive to most people.  And we don't have much interest in reading about them.but for now I find the book-character fascinating and far more realistic than Arya.I don't personally find her fascinating because I don't really find her much out of the ordinary, but I'd agree she's far more realistic than Arya.   Or perhaps a better way to say it is that Sansa is far more ordinary, and Arya far more exceptional.  And I suspect for most readers, it's the exceptional (in at least some way) characters who are the most interesting.  And if the character isn't exceptional, then the specific events in which they are caught up are.  And while the "Who is going to marry whom" debate may be of great interest to shippers, it's not (except for the geopolitical aspects of a particular union) of much interest to non-shippers.  And just to back that up, I don't think it is a coincidence that there is tremendous overlap between the "Sansa defenders", and the "San-San" shippers.
4020	Woman of War	2013-05-10	[/font]You missed the point.  I specifically said that I did not blame her for not wanting to marry Tyrion.  I said it would be a sign of maturity if she did not want him as a husband but still appreciated, and expressed, the fact that he was as kind to her as circumstances permitted.  What I do think makes her look badly is being so excited about the possibility of marrying Loras.  Given the Lannister/Tyrell alliance, what has happened to her family, etc.., being excited about Loras Tyrell and harrumphing about not having good dressmakers in KL looks shallow and self-centered.Now, maybe all that is to be expected from a 13 year old girl.  But regardless, lots and lots of viewers are not going to be very interested in "the Adventures of an Immature and Relatively Self-centered 13 Year Old, and What She Thinks About Dresses."  Not when far more interesting (to most people) things are happening elsewhere.She can be both a victim, and shallow and self-centered.  They are in no sense mutually exclusive.  And as I've stated before, one of her least attractive qualities is feeling sorry for herself.  That's not something we see much of in the series from other characters, so it stands out.  One place we did see it was with Sam first arriving at the Wall, and I frankly shared some of the negative reactions towards him while he was doing that.  What happened to him was neither right nor fair, but that doesn't make a perpetual "woe is me" outlook, and curling up in a ball, any more attractive.I very much /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> .Sansa IS a victim, no one should deny this here. And she stays a victim, her character deserves pity and we should be appalled by what happens to her even if she is not our favorite character.But if we do not like the way this young victim reacts or if we see her as very much average child and, compared to all the hugely interesting other female characters, as being less fascinating, this does not lessen her sufferings. And, yes, I do not expect her to like being married to Tyrion but I would have expected her to try to find an ally in Tyrion, based on the common interest of staying alive at court. She had made the experience that Tyrion was not willing to follow the generally expected ruthlessless, she could have tried her luck with some reasonable talk about how to organize survival.HBO Sansa is older than book Sansa and maybe this is the change that will actually be made since tv Sansa can hardly behave like little book Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 10 May 2013 - 12:17 PM.
4021	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	So, I'm a woman and I still think TV Sansa is shallow. While many are, not all 13 year olds were or are boy crazy. Thanks.
In the book she's already started to understand that fairy tales aren't true.  
What is more heart breaking in the TV series is that Sansa is being given EXACTLY what she hoped for... marriage to her perfect knight. She is so so so so happy sitting next to the fountain with her Knight of Flowers. And then they dash her agains the wall. I did feel really really bad for her.
I think they needed something that dramatic for the TV audience because they don't hear in her head that she gets that Loras didn't ascribe any meaning to the red rose he gave her.  Hopefully they'll be able to show her more grown up now.
ETA: night to knight.. oops.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 10 May 2013 - 12:16 PM.
4022	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	You're a guy, right?  And never had any teenage daughters, correct? (Just guessing by your comment.)Guy yes, but I do have teenage daughters, and have been around them and many of their friends.  And I completely glaze over then they start talking about who likes who, etc..  Likewise, I cannot stand the reality shows like "Real World", etc.., that are nothing more than a window on a bunch of self-absorbed dweebs endlessly ruminating about the mundane aspects of their lives.  Yet, there are people who find that interesting.  No accounting for different tastes, eh?Ok, then here's random teenage girl 101 for you: It's all about emotions. Forget politics. Is he cute?  Maybe his heart is in the right place, maybe he is a bad boy who is soft inside and wants the right thing and I will turn him around and everything will be good, and he is so cute, and yes I know he has some downsides, but oh he is so cute, and maybe he is just misunderstood just like my girlfriends and I are, and did I mention he is so cute....? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Sure, I completely understand that's what absorbs many of them.  Do you understand why that is of incredibly little interest to most everyone who is either 1) not one of those girls -- and not all girls of that age do that, I might add --, or 2) does not identify with them?  And why being absorbed in such things can appear very petty and self-centered (which it in fact is) to those on the outside?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 12:13 PM.
4023	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	Oh while I agree the shocker of the surprise reveal was super well done in the books, I do think they are showing a lot more of the back-room negotiating that is implied in the books. 
I think they wanted and opportunity to SHOW Tywin as being the super in charge, has his kids under his thumb, iron willed guy that you can infer from the books - but don't actually usually see going about his business.
4024	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	Sansa IS a victim, no one should deny this here. And she stays a victim, her character deserves pity and we should be appalled by what happens to her even if she is not our favorite character.  But if we do not like the way this young victim reacts or if we see her as very much average child and, compared to all the hugely interesting other female characters, as being less fascinating, this does not lessen her sufferings.Yes, yes, yes.  That's why there is a difference between those who hate Sansa, and those who are annoyed by her character.  It's not that she's bad or evil.  It's that she is comparatively uninteresting and mundane.And, yes, I do not expect her to like being married to Tyrion but I would have expected her to try to find an ally in Tyrion, based on the common interest of staying alive at court. She had made the experience that Tyrion was not willing to follow the generally expected ruthlessless, she could have tried her luck with some reasonable talk about how to organize survival.I very much agree with that as well.  Even a moderately observant person in Sansa's position would notice that he is not well-liked at court either, and has real issues with Joffrey and Cersei, but also is very intelligent.  That's the kind of "dammit, I'm going to stop feeling sorry for myself and replaying all these fantasy stories in my head, and instead actually try and take some control" that would have had someone like me thinking "you go girl."  But instead, every time we see her take steps in that direction, as with Ser Dontos, she falls back into Florian/Jonquil juvenile fantasies.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 12:23 PM.
4025	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	Just as an aside, and I mean no disrespect by this, I think part of the problem with the way she is written is because George himself doesn't have daughters.  Yes, that is what a lot of girls that age are concerned about, and it does look self-absorbed.  But I think most real girls would actually adapt to the situation Sansa faced in KL with a bit more spine.She actually seemed to have a stronger, more forceful personality prior to Ned's death (there at least was a bitchiness quotient with her sister), and has actually regressed into greater passivity since then.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 12:28 PM.
4026	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	Well,  I don't know if she *should* be more observant. The thing that book Sansa and TV Sansa have to overcome is that the character became a victim fairly recently. In the first part of her life she was the Queen Bee of her little world, mothers favorite, biggest problems were that not enough singers came to her fathers court and where she was going to get her next lemon cake from.
She didn't have to know how to be super observant.  It takes being the under dog for a little while to learn to be cagey.
She certainly is now.  I think it is taking her some time to learn.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 10 May 2013 - 12:33 PM.
4027	greensleeves	2013-05-10	Tyrion's entire life is him self pitying himself for everything, basically something goes wrong for him he declares it is because he is a dwarf.  This.  People deflecting criticism from Tyrion by saying that Sansa is whiny?  This is completely missing a large part of Tyrion's character.I guess this is how it works:Sansa makes a negative comment: "She's such a whiny bitch."Sansa doesn't make a negative comment: "She's so stupid; she doesn't understand anything that's going on!  What a bitch!"I know it's cliche, but I really think some people need to go back and read again.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 10 May 2013 - 12:32 PM.
4028	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-10	I mentioned previously that I didn't like Jon for that either.That's fine.  I just think that the appeal of that former story is different in kind to the appeal of most of the rest of ASOIAF, which deals with massive geopolitics, war, assassins, magic, dragons, etc..  It is a human interest story of an immature and relatively self-centered (though somewhat realistic) 13 year old in the middle of an epic, brutal fantasy, where the other characters are engaging in high levels of activity, adventure, and danger.  So, she pales by comparison.I don't doubt that at all.  But that's kind of the point.  You (understandably) find Sansa's story interesting/appealing because you identify with her.  But for everyone who doesn't identify with her, we just see the "extremely naive, pampered, and sheltered" Sansa, possessing those qualities, which I assume you'd agree are generally not attractive to most people.  And we don't have much interest in reading about them.I don't personally find her fascinating because I don't really find her much out of the ordinary, but I'd agree she's far more realistic than Arya.   Or perhaps a better way to say it is that Sansa is far more ordinary, and Arya far more exceptional.  And I suspect for most readers, it's the exceptional (in at least some way) characters who are the most interesting.  And if the character isn't exceptional, then the specific events in which they are caught up are.  And while the "Who is going to marry whom" debate may be of great interest to shippers, it's not (except for the geopolitical aspects of a particular union) of much interest to non-shippers.  And just to back that up, I don't think it is a coincidence that there is tremendous overlap between the "Sansa defenders", and the "San-San" shippers.I'm not a San-San shipper; at least not unless Sansa is several years older and Sandor undergoes huge changes (which would be nice, but I doubt would happen).  I do think they've shared an important bond and might meet again; and Sandor might die for Sansa, or help her, or disappoint her; a lot is up in the air.I do identify to a certain extent with Sansa; but I find other characters interesting without feeling any similarities to them; that's not the only reason I found Sansa's story compelling.  I don't identify with Tyrion at all, but I find his story and point of view fascinating.  Daenerys is not like me at all, but I found her story in AGOT thrilling and compelling too.  I am strongly interested in Davos; who is not like me; I don't identify with him, and I loved Ned (sob!) who I did not  personally identify with at all.  And Oberyn, who I didn't totally like but did love (as much as someone can love a book character).Sansa's story interests me more than that of Arya because, in part, I find Sansa a far more realistic and believable character; and in terms of modern fantasy literature, Sansa is a more unusual character than Arya is, so there is more novelty to her story.I don't see anything terribly wrong with being pampered, sheltered, and naive at the age of 11 or 12, as Sansa was (and I was to a lesser extent); especially since Sansa's parents were wealthy and powerful enough to protect her, and could not have foreseen, a year or a few months before her departure to King's Landing, what would come.  (Tommen is equally pampered and sheltered, perhaps even more so, and everyone loves him, because he's a sweet kid who loves kittens)  I would think that Ned and especially Catelyn would have planned to increase Sansa's understanding of the real world by further instruction as she grew; they did not intend her to be engaged to anyone at 11 and thought they'd have a few more  years to prepare her.  (which is probably why Arya was also quite indulged in terms of allowing her to get away with rowdy, disobedient behavior and the shirking of her education, she was so very young)I do think Sansa is an exceptional girl.  Not every girl of her background could have survived what she endured and remained both sane and with many of her ideals/compassion intact.  As a captive, Sansa never tried to curry favor with the Lannisters by emulating them.   She is in far more spiritual danger now, in post-AFFC territory; in danger of being totally corrupted by Littlefinger, since she is dependent on him (which parallels Arya's arc; she is being corrupted by the Faceless Men/Kindly Man; she is dependent on them)...  
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 10 May 2013 - 12:43 PM.
4029	Minsc	2013-05-10	She actually seemed to have a stronger, more forceful personality prior to Ned's death (there at least was a bitchiness quotient with her sister), and has actually regressed into greater passivity since then.Who would think a young girl who is physically beaten by armored adult men anytime she is assertive would become more passive with the time?Seriously, people complain that she is stupid but their "solutions" basically call for her to act without any sense of self preservation.
4030	Dove	2013-05-10	Who would think a young girl who is physically beaten by armored adult men anytime she is assertive would become more passive with the time?Seriously, people complain that she is stupid but their "solutions" basically call for her to act without any sense of self preservation.Hahaha, that sentence made me double-take too. Regressed into greater passitivity? While she's being kept captive, is surrounded by enemies, and is the plaything of a psychotic boy king and at the mercy of his psychotic mother? You don't say!
4031	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-10	I very much /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> .Sansa IS a victim, no one should deny this here. And she stays a victim, her character deserves pity and we should be appalled by what happens to her even if she is not our favorite character.But if we do not like the way this young victim reacts or if we see her as very much average child and, compared to all the hugely interesting other female characters, as being less fascinating, this does not lessen her sufferings.And, yes, I do not expect her to like being married to Tyrion but I would have expected her to try to find an ally in Tyrion, based on the common interest of staying alive at court. She had made the experience that Tyrion was not willing to follow the generally expected ruthlessless, she could have tried her luck with some reasonable talk about how to organize survival.HBO Sansa is older than book Sansa and maybe this is the change that will actually be made since tv Sansa can hardly behave like little book Sansa.In the books, as I recall (I don't have them handy), Sansa is tempted to confide in Tyrion, but remembers that Cersei had seemed kind and reasonable and trustworthy and then destroyed Sansa's father after Sansa trusted her.  Sansa cannot, in AFFC/ASOS bring herself to trust any Lannister; and there's no one around who she does trust to tell her that she should trust Tyrion.  She's totally on her own in terms of deciding who to trust; and I would say that most 12-year-olds would not have the maturity to always (or often) make the right choices as to who is trustworthy.
4032	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	This.  People deflecting criticism from Tyrion by saying that Sansa is whiny?  This is completely missing a large part of Tyrion's character.Tyrion is bitter, not whiny, and sometimes angry about aspects of his life, although he can also be very funny and enjoy himself immensely.  He'll stand up to and insult those who treat him poorly.  But he isn't passive as a consequence of that bitterness, and doesn't routinely retreat into internal fantasies.  He sometimes gets down emotionally, but he always bounces back with determination and action.  Nor -- and this is important -- does he let that bitterness blind him to the suffering of others.  He talks to Jon about making bastardy his armor.  He makes a saddle for Bran.   He gets angry when another girl gets beaten up instead of Shae.   Not because he cares about her, but because it's just wrong.  He steps in to defend Sansa from being beaten, etc..Now, he's a man in his mid-20's (book) or 30's (show) so you'd expect him to have a more developed, stronger character than a girl Sansa's age.  But again, that's kind of the point.  He's just more interesting/entertaining to most, and age being part of the reason doesn't change that.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 12:53 PM.
4033	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	What I'm not sure of is why conversations about the two of them seem to turn instantly into "who's the bigger victim"
They seem very yin-yang to me
- Sansa is beautiful and tall where Tyrion is short and ugly
- Sansa had loving parents and siblings in her early life Tyrion did not really
- Tyrion has had lots of time and opportunity to educate himself, Sansa was young and sheltered
- Tyrion is male in a world that values maleness, Sansa is female
etc.
I don't think it is by mistake George bound them together.
ETA: That isn't me shipping them, that is me saying they are interesting foils
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 10 May 2013 - 12:46 PM.
4034	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	[/font]I'm not a San-San shipper; at least not unless Sansa is several years older and Sandor undergoes huge changes (which would be nice, but I doubt would happen).Yes, you are.  Non-shippers don't give two thoughts about San-San, either now or in a few years.I do think they've shared an important bond and might meet again; and Sandor might die for Sansa, or help her, or disappoint her; a lot is up in the air.Er, but you're not a shipper....
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 12:52 PM.
4035	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	I don't think it is by mistake George bound them together.ETA: That isn't me shipping them, that is me saying they are interesting foilsI get your point and think its valid. It's really more anti-shipping.
	Spoiler I don't "ship" Tyrion and Penny, but I think it is an interesting foil for Tyrion to see someone and know that it how others likely truly see him.
4036	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	I get your point and think its valid. It's really more anti-shipping.
	Spoiler I don't "ship" Tyrion and Penny, but I think it is an interesting foil for Tyrion to see someone and know that it how others likely truly see him.

	Spoiler and she's poor born, and she's female.  She's like the most bastard broken thing in Westeros.  I'm curious to see how much she'll impact him.
4037	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	Who would think a young girl who is physically beaten by armored adult men anytime she is assertive would become more passive with the time?Seriously, people complain that she is stupid but their "solutions" basically call for her to act without any sense of self preservation.I take it you agree that she's become more passive, then?
4038	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	DP
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 01:00 PM.
4039	Minsc	2013-05-10	I take it you agree that she's become more passive, then?Yes, because that is the intelligent thing to do.
4040	Minsc	2013-05-10	Tyrion is bitter, not whiny, and sometimes angry about aspects of his life, although he can also be very funny and enjoy himself immensely.  He'll stand up to and insult those who treat him poorly.  But he isn't passive as a consequence of that bitterness, and doesn't routinely retreat into internal fantasies.  He sometimes gets down emotionally, but he always bounces back with determination and action.  Nor -- and this is important -- does he let that bitterness blind him to the suffering of others.  He talks to Jon about making bastardy his armor.  He makes a saddle for Bran.   He gets angry when another girl gets beaten up instead of Shae.   Not because he cares about her, but because it's just wrong.  He steps in to defend Sansa from being beaten, etc..Now, he's a man in his mid-20's (book) or 30's (show) so you'd expect him to have a more developed, stronger character than a girl Sansa's age.  But again, that's kind of the point.  He's just more interesting/entertaining to most, and age being part of the reason doesn't change that.You do realize that he is a in position of extreme power for the majority of the series, thus he can actively change his settings while Sansa has no power and thus cannot.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 10 May 2013 - 01:08 PM.
4041	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	Yes, because that is the intelligent thing to do.It is the natural, realistic thing to do. The smart thing is to turn into a Varys or a Littlefinger but I think that is a little out of reach for Sansa w/o training.
4042	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	Where is Tyrion in power of his own?All of Tyrions power comes fromhis father Tywin who despises Tyrion and basically deposes Tyrion and takes away T's toy soldiers at will,His maleness - which he is a shockingly poor exemplar of for his society.The only thing he has to call his own is his self cultivated mind.Sansa postion similarly derives from -Her birthher complete conformity to the Westerosi female idea, which she does beautifully.The only thing that will save her is if she can cultivate her mind to be a better at manipulating rather than being manipulated.I think they've got a lot in common, Tyrion has just been at it longer.ETA: Clarity
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 10 May 2013 - 01:14 PM.
4043	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-10	You do realize that he is a position of extreme power for the majority of the series, thus he can actively change his settings while Sansa has no power and thus cannot.Sure, but what's that got to do with anything?  The fact remains that she feels sorry for herself, and does little.  He sometimes feels sorry for himself, but does a lot.  That's why people don't see them the same.Also, at Tyrion's lowest point, when he's sitting in a dungeon getting ready to die (which was a much worse position than Sansa's) and the opportunity came to escape, he instead choce to take a much greater risk by going up to his father's chambers for revenge.  So even when he wasn't in a position of power, he took a much greater risk and chose to act more assertively.  He's not just not a passive personality.The truth is that we know Tyrion will act assertively because he has done so.  But we don't know that Sansa will because she really hasn't.  All we can do is speculate that, once out from under the thumb of the Lannisters and KL, she'll become much more assertive.  But we don't know that she'll do that.   Unless we've read AFFC, in which case....
	Spoiler We'd know that despite no longer being under the thumb of the Lannisters, she still fails to speak up and identify herself when the Lords Declarant arrive at the Eyrie.  She continues to allow herself to be manipulated, this time by LF
.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 May 2013 - 01:56 PM.
4044	Minsc	2013-05-10	Where is Tyrion in power of his own?All of Tyrions power comes fromhis father Tywin who despises Tyrion and basically deposes Tyrion and took away T's toy soldiers at will,His maleness - which he is a shockingly poor exemplar of for his society.The only thing he has to call his own is his self cultivated mind.Daddy Tywin might hate Tyrion personaly but he almost always has his back covered.  Even when Tyrion "killed" Tywin's grandson does Tywin plan to protect Tyrion frim death.
4045	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	See, I thought that was just fast thinking on Tywin's part. But I think reasonable people can disagree on that.
4046	Colonel Green	2013-05-10	Unless we've read AFFC, in which case....
	Spoiler We'd know that despite no longer being under the thumb of the Lannisters, she still fails to speak up and identify herself when the Lords Declarant arrive at the Eyrie.  She continues to allow herself to be manipulated, this time by LF
.First she gets blamed for being too trusting, now she's being blamed for being not trusting enough?  She considered asking for their help, but didn't want to reveal herself since they hadn't done anything for her family before, and the war is basically over as far as she knows.  That's a perfectly rational calculation, particularly since the best case scenario hinges on the Vale lords being gallant, true knights, which the narrative has disabused her of (and fans have ridiculed her for) believing in.Where is Tyrion in power of his own?All of Tyrions power comes fromhis father Tywin who despises Tyrion and basically deposes Tyrion and takes away T's toy soldiers at will,His maleness - which he is a shockingly poor exemplar of for his society.The only thing he has to call his own is his self cultivated mind.Sansa postion similarly derives from -Her birthher complete conformity to the Westerosi female idea, which she does beautifully.The only thing that will save her is if she can cultivate her mind to be a better at manipulating rather than being manipulated.I think they've got a lot in common, Tyrion has just been at it longer.Tyrion's power may not be "his own", but he has his father's power for most of the series so far.  Sansa doesn't.
					
					
							Edited by Colonel Green, 10 May 2013 - 05:45 PM.
4047	HopeForSpring	2013-05-10	I'm not sure that that top quote actually is mine, so I can't address it except to actually agree with you. I think it makes total sense that she doesn't trust Tyrion.  He wasn't as horrible to her as others, but he is a Lannister.  And I agree that I don't see what people thought she would have gotten out of revealing herself to the Lord's declarent. We know how shifty LF is and that he ruined her Tyrell engagement, but from her point of view he is the only person that has delivered on getting her out of King's Landing.  I personally don't blame her for having a learning curve. 
And I think in the TV series did such a terrible bait and switch on her that the TV viewers won't hate her for not being totally gaga over the marriage.
And for the second point that goes into that "which one is the bigger victim" path that I don't think all that interesting.  I think it is really easy to go tit-for-tat with all the protagonists (POV-ers) as to who Westeros has wronged the most. What I do think is by looking at the similarities in their story we can start to suss out what grrm world-view is and therefore try to make feeble prediction about where the heck this story is going!
I think the linking of these characters is pretty amazingly thought provoking and shouldn't be addressed with horror by super-fans of either. 
Unless you want to talk about that in terms of Fatherhood in Westeros - what that means, what makes a good Father, are you better off being the child  of a noble (both in blood and behavior) Father or not... but I think that is a different thread.
4048	Colonel Green	2013-05-10	I'm not sure that that top quote actually is mineIt's not.  Don't know how that happened.  I fixed that.I hadn't actually given a huge amount of thought to this prior to the issue being raised here, but I think Sansa not outing herself to Lord Royce is actually a notable piece of character development.  The earlier Sansa would have trusted implicitly that her dad's old war buddy, with his cool nickname, handsome sons, and magic armour would be a hero who'd champion her cause against all comers -- this is, ironically, what many of the same people who lambaste Sansa's romanticism believe.Instead, she makes a pretty rational calculation.  She knows that Lord Royce is a Stark/Tully fan, and was enthusiastic to enter the war on their side -- but she also knows that, whereas he was anxious to get in when the Northern and Riverlords were in the field, and the Vale forces could have tipped the balance and won the day, at present those armies have been crushed, and the only forces still in the field against the Lannisters were token garrisons at Storm's End and Dragonstone, Stannis' larger (but still tiny) force on the Wall (which isn't actually fighting the Lannisters anymore), and the gallant but doomed garrisons at Riverrun and Raventree Hall.  The Westerlands, Reach, Crownlands, Riverlands, Dorne, and North are either allied with the Lannisters or occupied by them.  The war's over.  She'd be asking Royce and his fellow lords to raise their banners against the Iron Throne at the point where the Iron Throne now firmly controls the entire country, more or less exclusively for her sake.Maybe Bronze Yohn would have done just that, for honour's sake, since, notwithstanding the series' deconstructive elements, we've seen that there are indeed true knights and lords in the Seven Kingdoms, who value such things quite a lot.  We'll see what he does in the coming books -- but by the time Royce and co. are faced with any such opportunity, the strategic outlook will have changed considerably, with the seemingly invincible Lannister/Tyrell alliance on the verge of dissolution, the arrival of the Golden Company and the potential Dornish revolt, etc.
					
					
							Edited by Colonel Green, 10 May 2013 - 06:18 PM.
4049	Raksha the Demon	2013-05-10	[/font]Yes, you are.  Non-shippers don't give two thoughts about San-San, either now or in a few years.Er, but you're not a shipper....I thought a shipper was someone who wanted and believed that two particular fictional characters would become definitely romantically involved; not a reader who looked at a character and the possible romantic/marital entanglements facing him/her and tried to mentally assess the pairing....Guess I'm wrong /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> .  So that means I ship Sansa and Sandor (plenty of feeling there, but prospects are dim), Sansa and Willas (would have liked to see it if Willas was the way his grandmother and sister described, but we probably never will), Sansa and Littlefinger (is sorta happening, but ewww), Sansa and Harry the Heir (might happen; Harry doesn't sound like much of a prize, and Sansa doesn't particularly want him), Sansa and Tyrion (still up in the air; but they'd probably make better allies than spouses); everyone who's ever been proposed for Sansa or romantically/sexually interested in her? And I must be a Jon/Val shipper, a Jon/Ygritte shipper, a Jon/Daenerys shipper, a Daenerys/Jorah shipper, a Daenerys/Aegon shipper, etc.; because at one time or another I've thought about the likelihood of those pairings happening, why they would or won't (mostly won't, except of course Jon/Ygritte and possibly Jon/Daenerys but that would be cliched)...Not to mention Jaime/Brienne; which could happen, or not, for various reasons.I'll continue to indulge in speculation about future romantic pairings between characters as I like, it's part of the fun of reading about them.  I try to be reasonable when I do; I'm a romantic but not an idiot; and think about why would this pairing work, or not.So I guess I don't care whether you call me a shipper or not.  I think I 'ship' Sansa/Sandor about as much as GRRM ships them.   I don't see why my evaluation of ASoIaF characters' possible romantic pairings should really affect your, or anyone's, interpretation of what I say here.   It's not like I'm basing all of Sansa's character development, book or TV show, on her true love (?!) for Sandor, because that would be incorrect (she's too young to even understand her feelings for the Hound or have true love for anyone - yet).Back to the topic.  I don't think book-Sansa is boring, totally passive, or stupid.  TV-Sansa is somewhat less appealing to me as a character, but I still want to see what they do with her.  And I wish they had followed the book more in the development of the Tyrion/Sansa relationship; there would be far more intense drama right before and during Sansa's wedding.
4050	Khal Pono	2013-05-10	There was one plotline/scene that left me a bit confused.  Can someone help clear it up for me?Toward the end of LF's weird "climb" monologue, it shows Sansa crying as Littlefinger's ship departs without her.  What does this signify?I understand Sansa being upset that she doesn't get to marry Ser Loras and she has to marry Tyrion.  But what does that have to do with Littlefinger's ship leaving? Surely she can't be upset that he's leaving; does she not understand that it was he that sold her out to the queen?  Or is she regretting that earlier this season she told LF that she wanted to stay in KL rather than come with him--because now she doesn't get Loras and she doesn't get to leave either?  Or is she just looking at the ship, thinking about how upset she is about LF betraying her?
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 10 May 2013 - 10:46 PM.
4051	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-10	There was one plotline/scene that left me a bit confused.  Can someone help clear it up for me?Toward the end of LF's weird "climb" monologue, it shows Sansa crying as Littlefinger's ship departs without her.  What does this signify?I understand Sansa being upset that she doesn't get to marry Ser Loras and she has to marry Tyrion.  But what does that have to do with Littlefinger's ship leaving? Surely she can't be upset that he's leaving; does she not understand that it was he that sold her out to the queen?  Or is she regretting that earlier this season she told LF that she wanted to stay in KL rather than come with him--because now she doesn't get Loras and she doesn't get to leave either?  Or is she just looking at the ship, thinking about how upset she is about LF betraying her?Littlefinger was Sansa's last hope to get out of King's Landing, hence her tears. She has no reason to believe that Littlefinger told Cersei about the Tyrells' plot, given that she didn't spill the beans to him about the marriage to Loras. She seems to trust him enough for her not to believe that he was responsible for the cancellation of her marriage to Loras. I think she's definitely upset about the fact that she can no longer marry Loras, and instead has to marry into the family her brother is fighting against, but she's even more upset about the fact that Loras and Littlefinger were her tickets out of the city, and now they're both gone.
4052	Newstar	2013-05-11	To go way back to the OP's original question about the change of the manner in which TV Sansa learned the news of her engagement, it seems like there are a lot of tweaks to the Sansa marriage plot storyline already and to Sansa and Tyrion's arcs in particular that make the writers' treatment of the Sansa/Tyrion wedding/marriage and events leading up to and following the PW difficult to predict:1. Very close, genuine relationship between Tyrion and Shae2. Very close, genuine friendship between Shae and Sansa3. Loras/Willas swap, Loras being the heir to Highgarden4. Loras/Cersei engagement forestalling the Loras/Sansa engagement5. No Dontos in Season 3 (to date, anyway)6. Direct interaction between Littlefinger and Sansa7. Whitewashed Tyrion, whitewashed Shae, (slightly) whitewashed Cersei...and so on. I assume (hope?) the writers know what they're doing, because it's as clear as mud where they're going with all this, beyond some general notion of Sansa being miserable and fleeing her marriage, Tyrion winding up accused of murder, and Shae dead.There was one plotline/scene that left me a bit confused.  Can someone help clear it up for me?Toward the end of LF's weird "climb" monologue, it shows Sansa crying as Littlefinger's ship departs without her.  What does this signify?I understand Sansa being upset that she doesn't get to marry Ser Loras and she has to marry Tyrion.  But what does that have to do with Littlefinger's ship leaving? Surely she can't be upset that he's leaving; does she not understand that it was he that sold her out to the queen?  Or is she regretting that earlier this season she told LF that she wanted to stay in KL rather than come with him--because now she doesn't get Loras and she doesn't get to leave either?  Or is she just looking at the ship, thinking about how upset she is about LF betraying her?Sansa wouldn't realize that LF betrayed her, since she never revealed her real reason for wanting to remain in the city to him. She never mentioned Loras or the engagement to LF, so she wouldn't have any reason to believe that the demise of her engagement had anything to do with him.Sansa is crying in that last shot for some combination of three reasons:1. She has just been told that she won't be marrying Loras, the gorgeous, gallant, fashion-forward knight of her dreams.2. Her ideal plan to escape King's Landing (marrying Loras) has failed, and her backup plan to escape King's Landing, leaving with Littlefinger when he departs for the Vale, is no longer feasible, as that ship has sailed, quite literally. This means that she'll be trapped in King's Landing indefinitely, maybe forever.3. She's going to be marrying Tyrion, and there's nothing she can do about it.The exact proportions of which factor is predominant in her devastation--is it 50% no Loras/25% trapped in King's Landing/25% marrying Tyrion, 10% no Loras/50% trapped in King's Landing/40% marrying Tyrion, or some other combination?--are left to the imagination.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 11 May 2013 - 02:35 AM.
4053	Gannicus	2013-05-12	This.  People deflecting criticism from Tyrion by saying that Sansa is whiny?  This is completely missing a large part of Tyrion's character.I guess this is how it works:Sansa makes a negative comment: "She's such a whiny bitch."Sansa doesn't make a negative comment: "She's so stupid; she doesn't understand anything that's going on!  What a bitch!"I know it's cliche, but I really think some people need to go back and read again.Is that really a common sentiment? I certainly don't think so.
4054	DaBillmann	2013-05-12	Loras was already in the Kingsguard. Sansa thought for a second they were talking about him but the QoT was like "nope, he's Kingsguard. I meant Wyllas." They weren't mean about it.I do think it's sad Sansa finds out right before the wedding but it would seem like Tyrion being unnecessarily cruel for not even warning her.That said, I REALLY hope they get across that Sansa isn't being "a whiny brat" for not welcoming her kind and genteel husband.Perhaps not outright mean,  but a little snappish about it. I can't remember what Olenna said exactly, but she pretty much called Sansa a fool for thinking they meant for her to marry a member of the Kingsguard.
4055	Zman1863	2013-05-12	Is that really a common sentiment? I certainly don't think so.I don't think so either. Naturally, people will defend their favorite characters from unfair criticism and distortions that result from the adaptation. But I think sometimes the defensive instincts are triggered in anticipation of reactions to the show before they happen. There also is a tendency to overestimate the prevalence of the radical opinions while underestimating the prevalence of reasonable ones.
4056	Turinsbane	2013-05-10	Having gotten my weekly dose of Theon being tortured, the whole "guess where we are" game raised a question that has been gnawing at me for some time: is Theon Greyjoy an idiot.
Yes, I realize he's been tortured, malnourished, and woke up in what was for all intents and purposes a random dungeon. And yet, I find hard to believe that Theon could really be that ignorant of his surroundings. Especially after he escapes the Dreadfort (where else could it be?) then follows Ramsay all the way back to be locked up again. Not just locked up, mind you, but put back on a flaying rack which House Bolton literally waves around everywhere they go. So are we honestly expected to believe that:
a ) After spending nine years in Winterfell, the heart of the North, to which all other houses pay tribute, complete with a trained maester, Theon has no idea of the geography or houses in Stark lands?
b ) Even if maester Luwin failed to educate Theon about where he lives, the Boltons are a pretty notorious house. Theon's never heard of the Flayed Man of the Dreadfort? He's literally being flayed and Theon doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t think "Maybe I'm in the Dreadfort, where all they do is torture people". And being so deep in Robb's council, he definitely would have known about Roose Bolton, who led the battle at the Green Fork which allowed Robb's army to reach Riverrun.
c ) Let's concede that Theon decided to just live in a bubble during his stay in Winterfell, and had no notion of whose holds what castle and where, especially since there are no huge castles west of Deepwood Motte. But are we really supposed to believe that Theon, after being told to ride east by a mysterious stranger, is then lead by Ramsay in the direction he came, to the exact same castle he left, which was flying the banners of house Bolton (which look NOTHING like the Greyjoy banner), and the whole time Theon never once thought "something, ever so slightly, is off).
So, my main problem with the Theon storyline is that a guy who grew up in the North, stood right next to the top commanders in Robb's army, managed to lead his Ironborn all the way from the Stony Shore to Winterfell, and planned to escape Winterfell and join the Night's Watch gets one knock on the head and suddenly is the most clueless, helpless person in Westeros?  Theon may rash, arrogant, and a follower, but is really that...stupid?
Am I missing something here?
4057	Turinsbane	2013-05-11	Bump!
4058	Ser Luke.	2013-05-11	This is admittedly the biggest plot hole I've seen in Season 3 so far. 
But there are few enough mistakes like this where it doesn't bother me much.
4059	congokong	2013-05-11	That's what D+D get for trying to change the source material. It usually doesn't come out right.
4060	Mulled Wino	2013-05-11	Of course he's an idiot.  He's capable but definitely an indecisive fool.
And he's even dumber in the show.
4061	Winterz	2013-05-11	The Battle at the Green Fork had no nobles in the Northern side whatsoever, not in the show no.
But indeed, I still can't explain how Theon doesn't recall the whole "Flayed man" thing and the Bolton banners which look exactly how he's being tortured.
I'd understand why he doesn't recognize the Dreadfort but c'mon Boltons, Boltons, Boltons, Flayed people, evil, Bolton's bastard...oh Theon, are you really that dumb?
4062	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	Well, the game ended pretty quickly, so it's not implausible to suggest that Theon would have suggested the Boltons soon enough. Let's see how it plays out. I'm hoping sooner or later, he does correctly name Ramsay as a Bolton, rather than having it revealed to him.
4063	Khalessi	2013-05-11	Maybe he's scared that if he guessed right that the boy would just hurt him more? Ramsay's at his happiest when he's in control. I would say if Theon guessed right he would just get mad that he lost the game and hurt him worse, if that's possible. I know it's a long shot but it's really the only thing I can think of that makes sense. I wish the show would just reveal it's Ramsay. I don't think it spoils the Roose betrayl at all.
					
					
							Edited by Khalessi, 11 May 2013 - 07:18 PM.
4064	Winterz	2013-05-11	Maybe he's scared that if he guessed right that the boy would just hurt him more? Ramsay's at his happiest when he's in control. I would say if Theon guessed right he would just get pissed that he lost the game and hurt him worse, if that's possible. I know it's a long shot but it's really the only thing I can think of that makes sense. I wish the show would just reveal it's Ramsay. I don't think it spoils the Roose betrayl at all.Well Theon is both coward ans stoopid. If he knew it I'm pretty sure he'd say it right away thinking Ramsay would let him go after it.
4065	Khalessi	2013-05-11	Well Theon is both coward ans stoopid. If he knew it I'm pretty sure he'd say it right away thinking Ramsay would let him go after it.Yeah your probably right. It's really just the only thing I can think of that makes sense. In the end there really isn't any logic to it. My guess is though if Theon is the one to guess Ramsay's identity instead of him revealing it himself. It will really make Ramsay go into a rage.
4066	Winterz	2013-05-11	Yeah your probably right. It's really just the only thing I can think of that makes sense. In the end there really isn't any logic to it. My guess is though if Theon is the one to guess Ramsay's identity instead of him revealing it himself. It will really make Ramsay go into a rage.Well not that it really matters. Rage Ramsay can't really be worse than regular Ramsay..or can it? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4067	Khalessi	2013-05-11	Well not that it really matters. Rage Ramsay can't really be worse than regular Ramsay..or can it? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It scares me to think of him being worse but he might be. Judging from the trailer it looks like theon might get something more delicate cut off. Maybe that's what he get for making Ramsay angry? Or maybe Ramsay would still do it just for pleasure? I don't know I'm really scared to delve to deep into Ramsay's psyche. lol
4068	Penguin king	2013-05-11	No theon is not an idiot. Book Theon knew who was torturing him right from the start. Show Theon is kept unaware as it helps add to the mental anguish and confusion he's going through.
The guy already had serious psychological issues before the torture started. Is it that unbelievable that after all he's been through he might not be in a position to think logically about where he is and what's happening?
4069	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-11	Didn't Ramsay tell Theon that he was from the Iron Islands and saw him the day he sailed for Winterfell as a child? That would only confuse Theon even more.
Theon has been rescued by this so-called ironborn stranger, who claims to be one of his sister's men, who implies that it's his father that's holding him here. He then betrays Theon and starts torturing him. All Theon knows is that he is in the North. I don't see how he would immediately suspect that Ramsay is a Bolton.
Unless, Theon saw the Bolton banners flying when he found himself surrounded at Winterfell last season. Then he has no good excuse.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 11 May 2013 - 08:28 PM.
4070	teemo	2013-05-11	I think it's kind of a weak argument to say he can't recognize him because "he's too malnourished."  You can use that excuse A LOT.  If it makes someone feel better, great, but I see it as a plot hole.  Theon appears to be trying, he has enough strength to think of House Umber and make connections between him and Robb Stark and how it's a "revenge" plot.  I think by now he would have been able to guess House Bolton for all of the reasons previously mentioned.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 11 May 2013 - 08:38 PM.
4071	Nezzer	2013-05-11	Or maybe he was thinking more about who would be more pissed at him for betraying Robb than about the reputation of each house. Maybe he says Last hearth because the Greatjon was Robb's most loyal bannerman and the first one to declare Robb King in the North. Then he says Karhold because Rickard Karstark was the second guy to draw his sword. It's more likely to be a plot hole, but this would make sense.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 11 May 2013 - 09:42 PM.
4072	Minsc	2013-05-11	a ) After spending nine years in Winterfell, the heart of the North, to which all other houses pay tribute, complete with a trained maester, Theon has no idea of the geography or houses in Stark lands?Why would Luwin teach the heir of the Iron Islands about the house of the North instead of teaching him about the Iron Islands?
4073	Areo Speedwagon	2013-05-11	Why would Luwin teach the heir of the Iron Islands about the house of the North instead of teaching him about the Iron Islands?Not sure, but judging by how Theon dressed to go home to the Iron Islands, Luwin didn't exactly give him a heads up that jewelry and skirts would be met with ridicule.  So maybe he did teach him about the north.  I also can't see Theon being that receptive a student for the first few years at Winterfell.
4074	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Well he was flayed only after he failed to answer the questions right? So it's not like he didn't connect flaying to Boltons. Still, it's a pretty bad plothole, i agree.
4075	Daske	2013-05-12	It is feasible he wasn't thinking straight so it's not really a 'bad plot hole'. I mean he only had a couple of guesses and may have guessed right next. It's a bit unlikely he wouldn't know for sure, but not really something totally unbelieveable as to be a plot hole.
4076	pytri993	2013-05-12	One of the worst plot hole to date IMHO. Theon was certainly not a genius in the books, but he had some cunning and in a situation like that he would definitely have made the right guess. D&D are pretty much losing it atm
4077	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-12	They are trying to build suspense and mystery but are falling flat on their faces by dragging it out. There should only have been 2-3 scenes with Theon this series. It would have been much better.
4078	Daske	2013-05-12	One of the worst plot hole to date IMHO. Theon was certainly not a genius in the books, but he had some cunning and in a situation like that he would definitely have made the right guess. D&D are pretty much losing it atmThey seem to be losing it so badly that they have a massive popular and critical hit on their hands? If only all show-runners could fail this badly we would never want for quality television.
					
					
							Edited by Daske, 12 May 2013 - 11:23 AM.
4079	WinterKing	2013-05-05	The thread for this episode.
4080	Mr.Black	2013-05-05	My girlfriend is most interested in ygritte and jon snow, she really doesnt want her to die, lol i want to be like just wait.....
4081	lizziebeth	2013-05-05	I'm watching this with a non-reader who just got into the show (we just watched seasons 1&2 right before 3 started).  She had some pretty fun reactions to this episode. 
Best reaction by far was to the Ros scene. She said she'd forgotten just what a sadistic little bastard he is.  Now she's back to her season 1 mantra of "Joffrey needs to die".  
She has no idea who Ramsay is or why he's tormenting Theon. She was believing the whole Karstark bit right along with Theon until Ramsay said he was lying.
She's starting to suspect that Roose is up to no good, but she doesn't suspect just how much. 
She hates the Jon/Ygritte storyline, finds it completely dull and doesn't see the point.  Though she got a good laugh out of the "You know nothing, Jon Sno- oooh!" last week.
4082	wolverine	2013-05-05	They have no idea who Ramsay is.
My brother asked why Joffrey shot Ros and his wife replied that he is a psychotic wacko.
They did not remember that Gendry was Robert's bastard or that Mel and Stannis mentioned they needed kings blood.
4083	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-05-05	I was asked if that was how Ros died in the books?
Mel and Thoros should team up.
Littlefinger obviously wanted the IT. He'd been looking at it since season 1.
4084	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	I was asked if that was how Ros died in the books?Mel and Thoros should team up.Littlefinger obviously wanted the IT. He'd been looking at it since season 1.Did your friend/family notice that each time he's been shown looking at it, he's a little bit closer?
4085	The Giver	2013-05-05	Did your friend/family notice that each time he's been shown looking at it, he's a little bit closer?Like.My sister hopes Gendry becomes King at the end.She also thinks Theon's sister set Ramsay on him, but she hopes not.She thinks something bad is going to happen at Joffrey's wedding, because they're building him up to be so horrible.She hopes Jaime gets free. She thinks Brienne is going to fight her way out of Harrenhal (I had to hold in my glee).She hopes Edmure likes Roslin.She thinks Jon is going to betray the wildlings at some point and that some of them will die, but she doesn't know which ones (She doesn't want Ygritte to die). ::sad face::She thinks Arya is going to find a way to kill the hound (and she'll just say it's an accident). I'm laughing so hard right now.She thinks that when Robb takes Casterly Rock and they'll celebrate (and she hopes we'll get another song then).Wow. It's so hard not saying anything.
4086	amilas	2013-05-06	A guy I work with who hasn't read the books was telling me that his favorite character is Robb and that he loves the direction they are taking with him. And I quote "Well, they have to show him making mistakes but facing them valiantly because he is clearly going to be the king of Westeros. Without him facing challenges he wouldn't be good king, would he?". It was very hard to mumble a response and escape that conversation without giving anything away.
4087	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-06	I would have given him a hug without saying anything and then walked away.
4088	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	I am actually surprised people are not guessing that the Boy is a Bolton.  The Bolton Banner with a man in a X cross (the position Theon is in) has been flown everywhere this season.
4089	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	My friend was disturbed by Theon's torture, but still thinks he deserves it. He's still confused as to who Ramsay is, and why he's torturing Theon. He seems to have cringed really hard at poor Ros' fate.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 06 May 2013 - 04:20 AM.
4090	Peptalk	2013-05-06	I think there's too much info to digest in the show to notice the small details unless you look very hard for them (as obvious as they may seem to us readers).
The x is a symbol for House Bolton, true, but it is also a natural and logical formation for a device you wish to hang a body upon since it spreads the body evenly and still supports the back. It has been used plenty times before it was used in Game of Thrones. It's clever, but not necessarily something that sticks out if you have seen other films where bodies have been hung in the same manner.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 06 May 2013 - 04:51 AM.
4091	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	God, these comments remind me of a girl I know who loves the show and was telling me "I hope the hot one doesn't die." I said "Could you be more specific?", and she said something like "Robb, the King in the North." I felt so bad and kept my mouth shut.
4092	Versiroth	2013-05-06	I didn't see Robb's death coming while reading the books either.  And I must say, my reaction was NOT a good one once the dagger twisted.   I had to stop reading.... wait, and then reread that part to make sure I didn't miss something.    I hope the TV viewers have a similar reaction.
4093	Myrddin	2013-05-06	I am actually surprised people are not guessing that the Boy is a Bolton.  The Bolton Banner with a man in a X cross (the position Theon is in) has been flown everywhere this season.I don't even register those details while watching. I'm usually too busy taking in the characters and dialog.So, don't be surprised that non-readers don't catch the Flayed Man being the Bolton sigil, let along that The Boy is the same "hunter" Roose referenced as his son a few weeks ago. Last night was the first real overt sign that Roose may not have Robb's interests completely in mind. Your average viewer may not know how long Roose has been plotting. And we only have a fortnight until the wedding. That's a lot of pieces that need to be secretly put in place by then.
4094	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	Joffrey is horrible.
Still completely confused about "Boy" and I finally couldn't resist and told all of them to pay attention to the dern sigils b/c they are dropping the Bolton banner and waving it in front of their faces so much that I thought for sure they'd make that connection last night. Nope.
Also they think Mel is going to make shadow babies with Gendry.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
Also, they are really disappointed that Jaime is leaving Brienne behind.  I can't wait for that one to play out.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 06 May 2013 - 08:43 AM.
4095	Neeps on a Breastplate	2013-05-06	The x is a symbol for House Bolton, true, but it is also a natural and logical formation for a device you wish to hang a body upon since it spreads the body evenly and still supports the back.Well, you seem to have given this a creepy yet enlightening amount of thought. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
4096	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-06	I am actually surprised people are not guessing that the Boy is a Bolton.  The Bolton Banner with a man in a X cross (the position Theon is in) has been flown everywhere this season.Well, for us book nerds it's obvious. But people who just watch the show casually, have actually a good deal of details to remember. I doubt anyone who watched the show once remembers now that Roose mentioned his "bastard at the Dreadfort" in season 2. In fact, after half a year of waiting for another season, most people seeing for example Robb, Roose and Karstark are like "ok, the hot one was that north king guy, and the other 2 no idea". Simply remembering the names of characters is difficult for average viewers, and it doesn't have anything to do with being smart, it's just a shitload of details for people who watch 10 hours of episodes every 8 months.
4097	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-06	They thought the Freys were pretty comical.
4098	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	They thought the Freys were pretty comical.IMO they needed to play that scene for comedy. It makes them insisting on the marriage being so soon seem harmless. You're kind of thinking "who are these jokers? Those wacky Freys." and then the wedding comes...
4099	shiola	2013-05-06	Me and my brother (nonreader) haven't seen the episode yet, but he sent me this text yesterday."GoT prediction: Jaime death revealed tonight but happened last week when he collapsed in the tub with Blondie. Realistically it would make sense since that random collapse doesn't seem like something where he'd survive and I don't get what the purpose would be in him collapsing if he doesn't die. And I could see him knowing he's about to die from hunger/fatigue/having been tortured, so he went to Blondie to tell his whole story to one person before dying, maybe in the hopes it'd get to the Starks.Thematically, like I said I don't get why include him collapsing and then he suddenly lives? It's like how Ned Stark ~almost~ having been executed would just be weird. And like Ned, this feels like a good place for Jaime to die, I think he has done all he can do as a character, clearly that reveal is where he peaks. And having him die right after revealing all of that is a good "Nooo!" moment a la Snape.Plus such a big deal was made out of "i need to get you back ALIVE by lady stark's orders" and whoops didn't happen. Makes another plot point."
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 06 May 2013 - 10:23 AM.
4100	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-06	IMO they needed to play that scene for comedy. It makes them insisting on the marriage being so soon seem harmless. You're kind of thinking "who are these jokers? Those wacky Freys." and then the wedding comes...I agree, it was really well done.IIRC from Merrett's Epilogue, Lothar is supposed to be a genial guy. I thought he was pretty well portrayed, the casting is amazing.I'm not certain if Lothar's limp is supposed to be played for comedy, but my sister snickered as he wobbled out of the room.
4101	Eric Xayavong	2013-05-06	That boy is working for the lannisters, extracting what they can from Theon, learning the truth about the boys. But then he questioned himself because he wasn't blonde. I threw in a "well I don't know why Theon is assuming he is high born, he could just be working for them" just to throw him off and continue with his prediction.
4102	Mendoza	2013-05-06	My brother really thought there should have been a big confronation at the top of the Wall when Jon made it up there.
4103	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	On my front they are starting to loose interest in the show. They thought that last night's episode was really bad. I wouldn't be surprised in they stopped watching it before RW
4104	Young Nan	2013-05-06	I got "Arya is totally gonna be a faceless man" because of Melisandre's comment about her eyes. 
Also, total confusion about Boy.  "Ohhhh, so he's one of those dudes that are mad at robb because he cut that guy's head off, rite?  Ok wait, so he's not a Karstark?  huh?"
"oh, they're gonna kill Ygritte rite now aren't they? I hope they don't kill ygritte.  Is she a redhead in real life?"
"Robb's a dumbass.  Those dudes are totally setting him up.  He's gonna die, huh?"
4105	hedgeknight001	2013-05-06	My wife the non-reader is still confused about the whole Ramsay/Theon plotline -- strictly speaking, we all are because the viewer isn't actually told who Ramsay is or where Theon is. She assumes Theon is in the North (but wouldn't Theon know that -- how could it actually be a secret where he is since he has been outside the keep?) but has no idea who Ramsay is.In fact, the whole Ramsay/Theon plotline is so vague, even if it were definitively established by, for example, having Ramsay say, "I'm Ramsay, bastard of Lord Roose Bolton!" she would be slow to make the connection: "What bastard? Oh that's right -- there was that brief line by Lord Bolton in Season 2!"The viewer shouldn't be needing to do "homework" to watch the show for it to be sensible, i.e., read the books, search the Westeros wiki, etc.Also, Theon's torture is getting a bit much.
4106	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	There are lots of unsullied reactions on youtube if you want a good laugh occasionally
4107	hedgeknight001	2013-05-06	"Robb's a dumbass.  Those dudes are totally setting him up.  He's gonna die, huh?"Yes, my wife the unsulled clued in on this too -- her response was: "So Robb's going to meet with these people [Freys] who are going to be mad at him?"
4108	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	Me and my brother (nonreader) haven't seen the episode yet, but he sent me this text yesterday."GoT prediction: Jaime death revealed tonight but happened last week when he collapsed in the tub with Blondie. Realistically it would make sense since that random collapse doesn't seem like something where he'd survive and I don't get what the purpose would be in him collapsing if he doesn't die. And I could see him knowing he's about to die from hunger/fatigue/having been tortured, so he went to Blondie to tell his whole story to one person before dying, maybe in the hopes it'd get to the Starks.Thematically, like I said I don't get why include him collapsing and then he suddenly lives? It's like how Ned Stark ~almost~ having been executed would just be weird. And like Ned, this feels like a good place for Jaime to die, I think he has done all he can do as a character, clearly that reveal is where he peaks. And having him die right after revealing all of that is a good "Nooo!" moment a la Snape.Plus such a big deal was made out of "i need to get you back ALIVE by lady stark's orders" and whoops didn't happen. Makes another plot point."Did he not watch the next episode preview last week and see Jaime alive?
4109	FlipFantastic	2013-05-06	Non reader co-workers of mine dont get the Ramsay/Theon scenes, they also dont really get who the Bolton's are in general.  I understand that, because they are a small house, mentioned maybe only 4 or 5 times, and Roose just looks too normal to be memorable.  They dont even know the Bolton's are Robb's men.  The whole Bolton business has been treated very very poorly, i think.
4110	The Killer Snark	2013-05-06	Agreed! The whole Ramsay/Reek thing, bizarrely excluded in the series, should have been established in season 2. It also made no sense in relation to the novels that the Ironborn would turn on Theon because they didn't want to prolong the fight at Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 06 May 2013 - 12:27 PM.
4111	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	On my front they are starting to loose interest in the show. They thought that last night's episode was really bad. I wouldn't be surprised in they stopped watching it before RWYeah, sure.
4112	TheDarkOne	2013-05-06	The 3 people I watch with who are unspoiled all believe that Robb will be killed very soon. 2 think he will be ambushed at the wedding, the other thinks they will poison him at the wedding.
I think most book readers, including myself earlier this year, completely over estimated the effect of the RW on the viewer. People might be somewhat surprised at the how in his death, but i don't know anyone who doesn't see it coming.
The 3 who haven't read the books are also losing interest in the show rapidly. One of them said they only watch because they love Roose. She thinks he's really hot.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 06 May 2013 - 12:38 PM.
4113	Peptalk	2013-05-06	Well, you seem to have given this a creepy yet enlightening amount of thought. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />Um, no, not really. I noticed that plenty people think it is so obvious he is a Bolton! on the forum and thought this interesting as I didn't even pick up on the x that can be linked to House Bolton until people here started mentioning it everywhere. As for the interpretation of the x as a device, heh, I do realize it might sound like that, but honestly;I just considered the position for a second and thought for another about how a torturer might want to work with his/her victim. Since they are looking to cause physical pain, I figured they want easy access to all body parts - so... spreading the body evenly seems a logical choice.The insight that it does support the back came to me while I was writing the comment, and I thought well, yes, I'm sure that helps in some manner and added it. So, no... hehe.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 06 May 2013 - 12:47 PM.
4114	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-05-06	My sister just said that Edmure is going to marry an ugly girl with no teeth and that Robb will live for a while and do nothing. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4115	shiola	2013-05-06	Did he not watch the next episode preview last week and see Jaime alive?He doesn't watch previews, no.
4116	Oakenfist	2013-05-06	Non reader co-workers of mine dont get the Ramsay/Theon scenes, they also dont really get who the Bolton's are in general.  I understand that, because they are a small house, mentioned maybe only 4 or 5 times, and Roose just looks too normal to be memorable.  They dont even know the Bolton's are Robb's men.  The whole Bolton business has been treated very very poorly, i think.I disagree. Lets be honest some people need to be spoonfed every detail in the show because they don't pay attention to dialogue. HBO shows aren't designed for those people. I've read a few show watcher opinions who seem to follow the story just fine.
4117	Colonel Green	2013-05-06	Yeah, the Bolton stuff has been handled fine.  If people just aren't paying attention, there's nothing to be done for them.
4118	Morvran	2013-05-06	I am actually surprised people are not guessing that the Boy is a Bolton.  The Bolton Banner with a man in a X cross (the position Theon is in) has been flown everywhere this season.I think most non-readers don't even understand the whole concept of sigils, let alone follow any but the main ones (wolf, lion, stag).  My girlfriend for instance had confirm with me that Little finger was in the boat b/c "that bird means nothing to me".  On top of that, Roose Bolton is really such a tertiary character so far.My girlfriend loathes the Jon Snow scenes, BUT she's become smitten with Jon and Ygritte and finally declared that she loves them together.  (I tried not to grin).She thinks it's possible that Robb is going to be forced to take a second wife or that Edmure will muck things up and Robb will have to take Casterly Rock on his own.She had zero reaction to Roz being killed.  Like, not even a flinch.  She didn't care one bit.  I think that speaks volumes about that character.
4119	Morvran	2013-05-06	The 3 who haven't read the books are also losing interest in the show rapidly. One of them said they only watch because they love Roose. She thinks he's really hot.I've noticed a fracturing of interest from my girlfriend that is akin to how I was with the books at times.  I had my favorite characters, along with some that I hated, and if I turned a page to see that, say, Bran was up next I'd roll my eyes and immediately flip ahead to see who was after that.  Sometimes such things would determine when I took a break from reading. Last night's episode had this effect on my girlfriend.  She has little interest in Sam, Jon, or Bran, which is the way the episode started out, and her favorites were only brought in later.  And no Dany.  When this happens too much I can feel her slipping away.  Unfortunately the more the series moves forward the more people there will be to keep track of.  It's going to be hard for some people to keep watching when their favorite players are completely skipped from time to time.
4120	teemo	2013-05-06	My boyfriend complained that they aren't being clear enough about Jon Snow's motives.  Ygritte sort of cleared that up this episode, even though it doesn't really make much sense.  As I said before, he thought for the first two episodes that Jon truly was a turncloak.  He didn't remember Ros from previous episodes o.O but did say "Joffrey's a fucked up little kid."  While it probably (okay, it wasn't) the best way to get rid of Ros, it did emphasize Joff's cruelty and also made more sense of that scene between Margaery and Joffrey.  I think it shows that maybe her manipulation didn't quite work the way she thought it would.
He looked a little shocked during Theon scenes, I'm not sure what he made of that.  He almost fell asleep several times and I had to kick him.  Can't really blame him this time around tbh.
4121	Dornish Hen	2013-05-06	My friends have no idea what's happening to Theon either.  I usually send my two non-book-reader friends character summaries before the episodes begin. (They're having a hard time keeping up with everyone.)  This week I sent them the "X marks the spot" clue as to who has Theon, because I've noticed that whenever Lord Bolton is onscreen his sigil is usually flying somewhere in the background.  I'm not sure either one will notice it.
One of them was also confused as to who and what the conversation between Littlefinger and Varys was about.
4122	shiola	2013-05-06	My brother thinks that the Red Wedding is definitely the Royal Wedding... FUCK YES.He feels so, so bad for Sansa.  He's glad Joffrey was shown as an asshole again because it had been too long.  He's hated LF for a while but after his stunt this week he likes him as a character.And... much to my utter delight.. He's warming up to Jaime! kfljadklfj.  JUST WAIT TIL NEXT WEEK BROTHA
4123	jellydonut	2013-05-06	I've noticed a fracturing of interest from my girlfriend that is akin to how I was with the books at times.  I had my favorite characters, along with some that I hated, and if I turned a page to see that, say, Bran was up next I'd roll my eyes and immediately flip ahead to see who was after that.  Sometimes such things would determine when I took a break from reading.Last night's episode had this effect on my girlfriend.  She has little interest in Sam, Jon, or Bran, which is the way the episode started out, and her favorites were only brought in later.  And no Dany.  When this happens too much I can feel her slipping away.  Unfortunately the more the series moves forward the more people there will be to keep track of.  It's going to be hard for some people to keep watching when their favorite players are completely skipped from time to time.I'm not going to blame them because the show is being hamfisted about everything. I feel like the quality of writing has spiraled downwards ever since the end of season 1.At this point I'd honestly recommend for people new to the books and show to watch season 1 and then read the rest. The amount of overpriced fan fiction being inserted for no reason is getting completely out of hand, to the point where it's an entirely different story, filled with plot holes that weren't there to begin with.I'm fine with cutting liberally in order to fit everything and afford everything, but making up new scenes and characters as they go just because they think it would be cool? That's the very definition of fan fiction.Give D&D a LiveJournal where they can write their favorite non-book scenes, and hand the show over to someone competent, I say.
4124	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I'm not going to blame them because the show is being hamfisted about everything. I feel like the quality of writing has spiraled downwards ever since the end of season 1.At this point I'd honestly recommend for people new to the books and show to watch season 1 and then read the rest. The amount of overpriced fan fiction being inserted for no reason is getting completely out of hand, to the point where it's an entirely different story, filled with plot holes that weren't there to begin with.I'm fine with cutting liberally in order to fit everything and afford everything, but making up new scenes and characters as they go just because they think it would be cool? That's the very definition of fan fiction.Give D&D a LiveJournal where they can write their favorite non-book scenes, and hand the show over to someone competent, I say.If GRRM thought it was fan fiction I think he would say something. I seem to recall that he's very adamantly against fanfiction in general, good or bad.
4125	yolkboy	2013-05-06	I'm not going to blame them because the show is being hamfisted about everything. I feel like the quality of writing has spiraled downwards ever since the end of season 1.At this point I'd honestly recommend for people new to the books and show to watch season 1 and then read the rest. The amount of overpriced fan fiction being inserted for no reason is getting completely out of hand, to the point where it's an entirely different story, filled with plot holes that weren't there to begin with.I'm fine with cutting liberally in order to fit everything and afford everything, but making up new scenes and characters as they go just because they think it would be cool? That's the very definition of fan fiction.Give D&D a LiveJournal where they can write their favorite non-book scenes, and hand the show over to someone competent, I say.Does every thread have to have this kind of whining? It's completely off topic here.On topic, my mother is convinced Jaime and Brienne are in love, so he wont leave her.
4126	jellydonut	2013-05-06	If GRRM thought it was fan fiction I think he would say something. I seem to recall that he's very adamantly against fanfiction in general, good or bad.He's signed off on it now, so there's not much he can do. Splitting from it would just do more damage than good.
4127	shiola	2013-05-06	snipTake it to the nitpicking thread, dude.  No one here cares.My brother also LOVES Cat, she's in his top 5 characters, and he's rooting for her so hard....  Oh my god.
4128	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	He's signed off on it now, so there's not much he can do. Splitting from it would just do more damage than good.I find it unlikely that he would just keep it to himself on his blog if he was unhappy with the quality of the show. I feel like he would at least comment on it, even if it's not an outright statement of displeasure. So because he doesn't seem upset at the additions, I won't be either.
4129	WinterKing	2013-05-06	I'm not going to blame them because the show is being hamfisted about everything. I feel like the quality of writing has spiraled downwards ever since the end of season 1.At this point I'd honestly recommend for people new to the books and show to watch season 1 and then read the rest. The amount of overpriced fan fiction being inserted for no reason is getting completely out of hand, to the point where it's an entirely different story, filled with plot holes that weren't there to begin with.I'm fine with cutting liberally in order to fit everything and afford everything, but making up new scenes and characters as they go just because they think it would be cool? That's the very definition of fan fiction.Give D&D a LiveJournal where they can write their favorite non-book scenes, and hand the show over to someone competent, I say.What the others said.This thread is not to complain about the show,but rather to share funny and/or interesting predictions and opinions of non-reader friends/family.
4130	go joff go	2013-05-06	On a smaller non-tv board with a TV forum the nonreaders seemed to have really liked the episode, more then the bookreaders.
Tywin vs QOT and the sword swallower line and especially the LF speech with ROS death got super high marks.  As hard as it is to believe,  I think we are seriously underestimating how popular Ros was with people.  I'm seeing a lot of posters sad about the death-I can't believe it myself.
4131	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	If GRRM thought it was fan fiction I think he would say something. I seem to recall that he's very adamantly against fanfiction in general, good or bad. GRRM is far too professional to say anything too critical about the show. The fact that he recently said in an interview that he wishes he could write "4 or 5" scripts a season suggests to me that he has little faith in the writing. YMMV.
4132	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	GRRM is far too professional to say anything too critical about the show.The fact that he recently said in an interview that he wishes he could write "4 or 5" scripts a season suggests to me that he has little faith in the writing. YMMV.ya. i'm sure GRRM is pretty annoyed at some/ or a lot of the changes made. cough, talisa anyone?
4133	wolverine	2013-05-06	My brother has been waiting for Jofferey to die for quite a while.
4134	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I've only just understood why people would think Ramsay is a Karstark. They might think he was lying about letting Theon go, not who he is...ah...
4135	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	My boyfriend complained that they aren't being clear enough about Jon Snow's motives.  Ygritte sort of cleared that up this episode, even though it doesn't really make much sense.  As I said before, he thought for the first two episodes that Jon truly was a turncloak.  He didn't remember Ros from previous episodes o.O but did say "Joffrey's a fucked up little kid."  While it probably (okay, it wasn't) the best way to get rid of Ros, it did emphasize Joff's cruelty and also made more sense of that scene between Margaery and Joffrey.  I think it shows that maybe her manipulation didn't quite work the way she thought it would.He looked a little shocked during Theon scenes, I'm not sure what he made of that.  He almost fell asleep several times and I had to kick him.  Can't really blame him this time around tbh.To milk the tension when they ask him to kill that guy? I was pretty exhilarated reading that scene and I was so happy that Summer showed up that for a second I thought it was Grey Wind and I was just like YESSS
4136	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	GRRM is far too professional to say anything too critical about the show.The fact that he recently said in an interview that he wishes he could write "4 or 5" scripts a season suggests to me that he has little faith in the writing. YMMV.Cash can generate moral flexibility even in those with the greatest fortitude.
4137	MsLibby	2013-05-06	My coworker has figured it all out. The guy who's torturing Theon is clearly working for Robb. It's his way of getting back at Theon for what he did at Winterfell without his mother finding out.
Robb's good like that. Clever and sneaky.
4138	Birdsong65	2013-05-06	My brother also LOVES Cat, she's in his top 5 characters, and he's rooting for her so hard....  Oh my god.Start formulating a therapy plan now.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Not a prediction but Mr. Birdsong re: Loras, So, he's gay, getting married, and lives in the south.  Is that a surprise?having lived in The South for half our lives, this made me burst out laughing, despite being completely unPC.Also, re: Joffrey,Mr.BS: "Does the old lady w/the blue hat meet with him next?"ME: "The old lady...you mean the Queen of Thorns?"Mr.BS: "The one who talked w/that dude about the gay guy....please tell me she gets to kill him"ME:  "It's the Queen of Thorns.  Kills who? The gay guy?"Mr.BS:  "No....that little BTK kid with the arrows, the King, you know..."ME: /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> Seriously.
4139	int11	2013-05-06	GRRM is far too professional to say anything too critical about the show.The fact that he recently said in an interview that he wishes he could write "4 or 5" scripts a season suggests to me that he has little faith in the writing. YMMV.GRRM has stated many times that he understands that changes need to be made. However, I've noticed that all the examples he comes up with are about changes that the vast majority of readers wouldn't complain about (e.g. dark hair instead of red), or changes that from a practical standpoint have to be made (e.g. scale down on battles). I wouldn't be surprised if he disapproves of some (or even many) of changes made to his story so far. I also have a feeling that instead of him openly complaining, his misgivings are somehow conveyed through other channels. This is purely speculative.To stay on topic:I received a text from a buddy watching the show: "Rooooooooos!! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />"Didn't really expect that one. The same guy has unfortunately lost interest in the show. He believes that the fantastical elements (magic) are playing too big a part at this point.Another friend said that it was interesting to see the grown-ups negotiate (referring to Tywin and Olenna). He misses some of the action, but is still a big fan. He roots for the Starks, fortunately.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 06 May 2013 - 09:50 PM.
4140	greywindsrage	2013-05-06	Me and my brother (nonreader) haven't seen the episode yet, but he sent me this text yesterday."GoT prediction: Jaime death revealed tonight but happened last week when he collapsed in the tub with Blondie. Realistically it would make sense since that random collapse doesn't seem like something where he'd survive and I don't get what the purpose would be in him collapsing if he doesn't die. And I could see him knowing he's about to die from hunger/fatigue/having been tortured, so he went to Blondie to tell his whole story to one person before dying, maybe in the hopes it'd get to the Starks.Thematically, like I said I don't get why include him collapsing and then he suddenly lives? It's like how Ned Stark ~almost~ having been executed would just be weird. And like Ned, this feels like a good place for Jaime to die, I think he has done all he can do as a character, clearly that reveal is where he peaks. And having him die right after revealing all of that is a good "Nooo!" moment a la Snape.Plus such a big deal was made out of "i need to get you back ALIVE by lady stark's orders" and whoops didn't happen. Makes another plot point."He had a fever which was a result of the wound.
4141	LordStoneheart	2013-05-06	I asked my brother his prediction and he came back with this:"Well Robb has a bunch more army guys now so he's obviously going to take the Lannister's home.Oh my sweet summer child...
4142	Jovem Corvo	2013-05-07	My father thinks that Varys has this plan of burning the kingdom to ashes and becoming the new king lol
					
					
							Edited by Jovem Corvo, 07 May 2013 - 12:09 AM.
4143	Runaway Penguin	2013-05-07	My friend cannot place Rhe Boy still. He found the scene pretty "watchable", if a lot disturbing.
And he thinks Roose lets Jaime go only out of fear. Or at least he thought so until the last Bolton's line /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4144	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-07	My dad (not entirely serious) thinks Stannis and The Mountain are going to team up and take over Westeros. I went "So, that's your slash pairing?" and he replied, "Erm...I guess? What's a slash pairing?"
4145	Stannisfan	2013-05-07	My boyfriend still asked me last night who is torturing Theon even though I tell him every week it is the bastard of bolton. He now remembers Roose though, he was so proud of himself saying "I know, that's the one that kills....." and I could see he was struggling between saying Robb or Jon again. Just when I think we are making progress.
He really likes Tormund though.
4146	Sniraga	2013-05-07	My friend is bored with Theon's torture scenes. She isn't very squeamish, but feels that they're starting to be too gross and pointless, ie. are only for the shock value. She has no idea who the bastard is. In fact, she doesn't even remember/recognize most of Robb's bannermen/northeners/etc. Most of them are just some bearded old men, too easy to mix up. If I want some comments about them, I always have to explain what this person did, where he was and so on.
She also thinks Littlefinger is ridiculously creepy with his demeanour and stage whisper, and doesn't understand why people don't run away from the sight of him.
4147	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-07	This is from the AV Club newbies section, regarding Lysa and Littlefinger:"He is so going to be sent flying by Cat Stark's crazy sister.  Seriously, she correctly blames the Lannesters for killing her husband and now they expect she will just marry their underling.  He is so dead."http://cache.ohinter..._HA,_OH_WOW.jpg
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 07 May 2013 - 06:09 AM.
4148	Arkash	2013-05-07	"Ha ! This guy torturing Theon is such a troll ! Epic !"
"Wow ! Tywin is badass ! And Olenna rocks !"
"Cersei is so fucking mad : first idea she has when talking about the weddings is "Kill them both !"
"Poor Edmure !"
"Poor Sansa !"
"I wonder if Ygritte didnt seduce Jon just for her own final protection. Or does she really loves him ?"
"So, that what you were talking about when you said Tormund is a jolly fella ?"
"The Tyrell women really have the power in the family ! Cersei so hates Margaery !"
"The Freys are funny."
"Hehehe, Bolton father and son are so trolling !" (they've guessed who the guy torturing Theon is).
"Come on with the dragonglass, we know it will be of some us soon !"
4149	The Drunkard	2013-05-07	My dad (not entirely serious) thinks Stannis and The Mountain are going to team up and take over Westeros. I went "So, that's your slash pairing?" and he replied, "Erm...I guess? What's a slash pairing?"What!?
4150	ghost23	2013-05-07	"Robb got off very lightly, the Frey's definitely got the shit end of the deal"
 /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4151	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-07	I must say I'm very proud of my hubby he figured out who the boy was all by himself,no hints from my part or anything /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I asked him,did you see the banners behind Jaime and Brienne and figured it out and he was like,whaaa?when? He just remembered Roose said he'll send his son there and he connected the dots,so I guess it's not that confusing. When I asked why he thinks boy is torturing him he said cause he's crazy...
4152	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	So further conversations with my Dad, who now has the funniest predictions.
He got one right. He figures that the strange knife Sam has will kill the "cold people".  
His newest predictions are that none of the marriages will happen and there's no way the little guy is marrying Sansa and the mean Queen is not marrying the gay dude. (his words not mine) Still thinks Cersei will kill Tywin or do something to get out of it.
Also, Jaime is not called the Kingslayer for nothing. He's killing another king though he didn't say which one.  I asked him to write these down so he can't go back on them.
4153	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-07	My sister and her boyfriend both LOVE Cat /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> not so much Robb though. 
The RW is through the eyes of Cat, if they give her a tiny role AND IF THEY GIVE ANY OF HER DIALOGUE TO TALISA I'LL BE PISSED
4154	Dove	2013-05-07	The main thing that really caught my attention was one of them saying "I'm calling it now, Shae's totally going to kill Tywin for making Sansa and Tyrion get married."
inside i was a mix of
 /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
and
 /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4155	oakenhelm	2013-05-07	The Theon torture stuff is getting to my wife. She asked if it was necessary to keep showing it. My response wasn't encouraging because I don't really think it is.
She loved seasons 1 and 2, but I am starting to sense her slowly losing interest in the show. At one point she said something along the lines of "We are just watching people screw each other other. I don't see where this is going." It is frustrating for me because I don't want to spoil anything, yet at the same time a lot of the spoilers still don't resolve a lot of the issues.
4156	aedalia	2013-05-07	I love this thread.
This week was by far the funniest conversation I had with my Unsullied friend.
He called LF a "stain on humanity" and is sure he's up to something.
He hopes Joff dies soon because he's a wuss and a freak.
He thinks Arya or Dany will sit on the Iron throne before too long.
He feels terribly for Sansa but thinks Tyrion is nice because he's pointed out how horrible his family has been to her.
He thinks Tywin is horrible but was amused at how miserable Cersei is.
4157	The Monkey	2013-05-07	A friend of mine thinks Littlefinger is the incarnation of the devil. I suppose he isn't far off, in a metaphorical sense.
4158	PG_Tips	2013-05-07	Before last episode my friend was asking about the dragonglass daggers and if they're coming back and if they're important. I wanted to pat him on the back.
4159	Eidolon	2013-05-07	My friend's reactions to this past episode were pretty great...
When Gendry is taken by Stannis' men:  "NOOOOooooOOOOooo"  (she liked the actor on Skins and think Gendry and Arya are adorable together).
When Arya gets in Melisandre's face:  "Good, she's totally going on Arya's list now.  Wait, she doesn't know her name!  Ask someone what her name was, Arya!"
After Tormund jokes with Jon Snow:  "I like him.  I like his beard.  It would be funny if he's Ygritte's dad or something and is still on board with her getting with Jon Snow."
When Brienne used her fork to help Jaime cut his meat:  "Awwwwwwww."  (Sidenote:  She watched the season trailers over and over and knows that Brienne is going to be forced to fight a bear...She's pretty sure Brienne is going to die and that Jaime will feel guilty when he hears).  When Bolton agrees to return Jaime to King's Landing:  "That's exactly what Robb was worried would happen!"
At the end of the Ramsay/Theon scene (her takeaway was that Ramsay told the truth about being a Karstark, but lied about ending the torture):  "Oh my gosh, did Robb killing the tall guy turn this guy into the new Karstark lord?"
Loras' obsession with broaches, fancy weddings and fringe sleeves:  "There's one living gay dude in the show and they make him a fashionista.  Seriously?"
When the camera panned up from Loras and Sansa's "date" to Cersei and Tyrion:  "Oh man, there are gonna be so many weddings!  Excitiiiing!"
After Robb's meeting with the Freys:  "So now Robb and his uncle are making Robb's cousin marry the girl Robb was supposed to marry?  That's so unfair.  I hope she's pretty.  Uuuuggghh she's probably wearing one of those hats."
When Tyrion goes to Sansa's room to tell her about their engagement:  "Oh man this is so awkward"  (Then Tyrion says this is awkward)  "HAHAHA!!"
Ros' death "Joffrey is the WORST!  Who let him hang out alone with Littlefinger, didn't they know bad things would happen?!"
Jon and Ygritte's kiss at the top of the wall:  "That's way too happy, now I'm nervous."
4160	Weeping Sore	2013-05-07	Non reader co-workers of mine dont get the Ramsay/Theon scenes, they also dont really get who the Bolton's are in general.  I understand that, because they are a small house, mentioned maybe only 4 or 5 times, and Roose just looks too normal to be memorable.  They dont even know the Bolton's are Robb's men.  The whole Bolton business has been treated very very poorly, i think.They should have just dressed Roose in black and pink, had Robb walk in on him during a leeching, and had third parties refer to him as "Lord Leech"  Then everybody would frigging remember him. As it is, I've got people looking at him and going "What's Stannis doing there?"
4161	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	What I like most about this thread is that pretty much everybody thinks Robb is safe and will be King or get revenge.
4162	NeilSpoon	2013-05-07	My mate is pretty much completely lost about everything. But he did say Arya was a whiny little bitch.....
4163	TheDarkOne	2013-05-07	What I like most about this thread is that pretty much everybody thinks Robb is safe and will be King or get revenge.I don't think you have been paying attention to these threads. the majority of the unsullied suspect something is going to happen, the 3 people I watch the show with are predicting that he will be ambushed on the way to the wedding, or poisoned at the affair itself.Anyone who has watched this series, regardless of their experience with the books, would not have to try very hard not to put together what is going to happen with very little critical thought. The way the Frey's were portrayed this week alone tipped the hand.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 07 May 2013 - 03:49 PM.
4164	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-07	My friend watched only S1 and S2, he's one of those people who plans to watch S3 only when all the episodes are out. I often talk to him about GoT though, and when we talked recently he said he hopes Theon dies a slow, painful and embarrassing death. I was like "ARGH TRY NOT TO SPOIL RAWRRR". Seriously, after watching episode 6, i hope he is satisfied /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. Of course he also wants Robb to win the war, boy will he be disappointed /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4165	protar	2013-05-07	My dad thought the torture scene was funny.
My mum keeps asking why LF's voice is weird. She also keeps calling Gendry the true heir to the throne despite me telling her several times that bastards don't inherit.
4166	Autopath	2013-05-07	Friend - "What was up with that girl with the baby out in the woods? Why was she talking like that? You know, 'SAM SUNG MUH UH SAH SAM SUNG MUH A SAH." (Imagine, if you will, speaking with your mouth hanging open with very poor articulation. This was my friend's impression.)
"Just tell me, are they going to mess with that girl that's with Jaime? Is she going to be okay? Because they need to stick together. She needs to be like his bodyguard. Is she going to die?"
Sister - "I HATE THAT GUY. Just tell me. Is Theon ever going to escape? Is he ever going to get out of there? Am I ever going to know who that guy is? I HATE THAT GUY." (My sister likes Theon and feels bad for him)
Sis - "Joffrey is just a sicko. He's just crazy."
Me - "Yeah but he's a wuss too which makes it so much worse."
Sis - "YEAH."
4167	Young Nan	2013-05-07	My boyfriend still asked me last night who is torturing Theon even though I tell him every week it is the bastard of bolton. He now remembers Roose though, he was so proud of himself saying "I know, that's the one that kills....." and I could see he was struggling between saying Robb or Jon again. Just when I think we are making progress.noHe really likes Tormund though.I have that exact conversation with my husband every week.  We've gotten to the point where he knows who "roose bolton" is.  we're working on remembering where harrenhall is.  right now its "the big jacked up castle where arya was last season".   baby steps.
4168	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	I have that exact conversation with my husband every week.  We've gotten to the point where he knows who "roose bolton" is.  we're working on remembering where harrenhall is.  right now its "the big jacked up castle where arya was last season".   baby steps.Pull out a map every time you watch the show. I did it when reading the books and it helped a lot hahahI recommend this onehttp://gameofthrones...of_westeros.jpgUnless you just mean that he has trouble remembering which one actually is Harrenhal
4169	Bronn son of Bronn	2013-05-07	from a workmate:
what is the red priestess planning to do with that iron monger?
is he officallly the only bastard child left?
joffrey is officially nuts. Upto this point his nutiness was in the background, but not now.
4170	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	One thing I'm noticing is that the Melisandre darkness comments to Arya have taken a lot of people by surprise. Makes me forget that Arya has mostly been a plucky, witty, kid so far in the show. We're only just beginning to really see the huge amount of anger in her. It's going to be so shocking to people to see her shacking up with a group of assassins. That should be fun.
4171	Dove	2013-05-07	Ah, hell. I guess one of my friends accidentally spoiled herself on Un-Cat by looking up the Brotherhood Without Banners somehow. Her reaction, a resounding "... what? huh? what the hell?"I asked her if she read how that happened, and she said no, but guessed that Cat valiantly gives her life to save Robb from an assassination attempt to parallel the part in S1 with Bran and the man with the knife.Even spoiled, they're sweet summer children. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Only a couple noticed, and then they clued in the rest, but it's kind of nice that people are finally starting to piece together that flayed man banners + contraption just like the banners + actual flaying + horn-blowing = hey is Theon with that one guy's son???you know i just think he might be
4172	AzorAhai42	2013-05-07	My girlfriend and one of my best friends are the only non-book readers that I know who are watching it. 
Neither of them understand what is going on with Ramsay and Theon. My friend says Theon deserves everything he's getting (I was thinking, lets just wait and see if you still think that after its all over with.) 
My girlfriend thinks that Tyrion marrying Sansa is one of the best things that can happen to her, because at least Tyrion will be nice to her and respect her. She says, "It could have been a lot worse for Sansa, she was almost married to Joffrey after all"
They both also are just now starting to come around with Jaime. Losing the hand is what did it for both of them, I think.
4173	Belacel	2013-05-07	Pull out a map every time you watch the show. I did it when reading the books and it helped a lot hahahI recommend this onehttp://gameofthrones...of_westeros.jpgUnless you just mean that he has trouble remembering which one actually is HarrenhalThis is precisely what I decided to do: for two weeks now, we have been reviewing the huge Westeros map from the Atlas before each episode. It helps my non-reader husband learn the names and connect events...  Next week, I'll point out the Dreadfort...
4174	Belacel	2013-05-07	My unsullied husband is completely clueless as regards the Theon/boy situation. While viewing the episode, I stopped on the image of the huge X on which Theon is tied. Then we discussed what boy was doing (removing the skin). Soon after I stopped again on Jaime and Brienne with the Bolton sigil in the background. What is it you see in the back? The Bolton flag, he says. What does it show, I ask. A flayed man, he says....
Still, he didn't connect the two...
4175	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	Haven't touched base with my non-reader friends this week, but I love reading this thread.  The non-reader posts are hilarious!  Whoever posted about LF being "a stain on humanity" was a scream!
4176	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-05-07	I know someone who figured out who Ramsay was, because there are pretty obvious facts that point toward it. Firstly, the X-shaped torture rack, which has only been introduced as an image the same time the X-shaped torture rack Bolton banner started to be thrown into every second shot, secondly the fact that Bolton has said that his "bastard" was the one who went to Winterfell but apparently got there too late though obviously show-watchers know he didn't because there were obviously Northmen there last season (and the wavering loyalty of House Bolton has become more obvious now with the Roose/Jaime scenes), and thirdly, a little thing, but they have mentioned the Bolton banner is a flayed man, and Ramsay has now started flaying poor Reek. It's pretty easy to put all these pieces together.
4177	The Bear	2013-05-07	My mother worked out the identity of Boy, more or less. Didn't quite get it right in that she didn't know he's Roose's illegitimate son, but correctly deduced that he was related to someone in House Bolton from seeing the sigil and seeing Theon. It was her first full episode so she didn't link the trumpet. She was only able to link the X on the banner to the saint andrew's cross Theon was on, she didn't realise the man on the banner was flayed or she would have been 100% certain of her guess.
I didn't give her any hints other than telling her the identity of Theon's captor was a mystery on the show but that the mystery could be solved in that episode if you look very closely for clues.
I didn't tell her if she was right or wrong so she'll continue watching the show.
					
					
							Edited by The Bear, 07 May 2013 - 11:30 PM.
4178	lyanna_maria	2013-05-08	My Unsullied friend hasn<U+0080><U+0099>t seen this episode yet, but I<U+0080><U+0099>ve just talked to him about his thoughts on some characters:
Jaime and Brienne: He<U+0080><U+0099>s looking forward to the time those two get together, he<U+0080><U+0099>s totally shipping them: it was the first thing he pointed out. And he loved the bath scene.
Ygritte: He<U+0080><U+0099>s quite in love with her and liked the cave scene too; although he thought the actress<U+0080><U+0099>s physical appearance was disappointing.
Margaery: He thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s the sexiest girl there is, and he said she<U+0080><U+0099>s quite intelligent and knows how to manipulate Joffrey, which makes him admire her even more.
The Queen of Thorns: He considers her pretty much the best character in the show and a potential great player in the game of thrones, and thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s even better and wittier than Tyrion (whom he totally loves)
Robb: He doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t like him: he isn<U+0080><U+0099>t able to forgive him for the huge mistake of marrying Talisa, so he can<U+0080><U+0099>t see him as a good leader anymore. I told him it was just one mistake, but he said the magnitude of the mistake is what really counts (I guess from this that he<U+0080><U+0099>s expecting something like the RW, but we didn<U+0080><U+0099>t get to talk about predictions)
Daenerys: He doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t see her as a good leader either, because he doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t think she is clever enough; also, he thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s too idealistic and <U+0080><U+009C>good-hearted<U+0080><U+009D> to be a conquerer and that that will cause her some trouble in the future.
We discussed the Others, and his comment was that they are so powerful and he doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t see how they could be defeated; also we discussed Jaime killing Aerys and he considered that what Jaime did, breaking his oath, was more moral than the obedience of other guards like Ser Barristan. I told him who <U+0080><U+009C>boy<U+0080><U+009D> was and he just said that Bolton was such a tertiary-level character or even less, and that nobody could realize that. In fact, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think he knew who Bolton was; I just told him <U+0080><U+009C>one of Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s bannermen<U+0080><U+009D>.
					
					
							Edited by lyanna_maria, 08 May 2013 - 09:20 AM.
4179	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-08	It's so annoying that so many people don't know who Roose bolton is!!
I asked my sister ''what do you think of Roose bolton'' and she said ''who is that?''
It pisses me off because apparently she is ''obsessed'' with the show so much that she has a ''Winter is coming'' phone case and wants to get a Direwolf tattoo and yet she really knows hardly anything about any of the characters???
4180	Rapsie	2013-05-08	So my slightly unsullied other half's responses:
Robb's story was surprisingly good, he's normally as dull as ditch water. Getting his general to marry someone, by saying he'll owe him big time. 
He got mixed up if Jon was Robb during the Wall climb. 
Thought Jaime having to have his food cut up was really funny.
4181	Rubies & Jade	2013-05-08	I honestly think they haven't done a great job of making clear who the characters are, a lot of them really are just a bunch of grey, dirty guys in similar clothes. I had a hard time figuring out Roose Bolton and I know the story!
My husband doesn't know who the guy torturing Theon is, but he frankly doesn't care about that story line so he's not paying huge attention to it. and frankly, I agree with him... in the show it seems odd and out of place and takes up a lot of time. 
On the other hand he also thinks Jamie and Brienne are gonna get together, he thinks there are gonna be a lot more shadow babies out of the red woman and I think he thinks that Tyrion is gonna end up king or with all the power. He also think Robb & Edmure are just comic relief at this point.
the funniest thing that happened during this last episode, though not having to do with a prediction, was when Gilly asked Sam to sing for her & the baby, my husband started singing "soft kitty, warm kitty..." (any other Big Bang fans?) which totally cracked me up. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  He could couldn't care less about the Sam storyline either.
4182	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-08	Why do people have such little patience? It's as if whenever something isn't immediately fascinating, their attention starts to wander. How depressing. Don't they understand the concept of building up to something? No wonder people whine about foreplay so much /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4183	Wilhelm Ryan	2013-05-08	Regarding Theon/Boy: I'm not sure many people even know what flaying is.  That process is typically just called skinning, I don't think it's common to use the term flay.
And I can't imagine the average watcher is going to remember what the sigils are, hell i glossed over them while reading.
I watch with two friends and they have no idea who Boy could be. 
One proclaimed about Joff  "I can't wait for that f'er to die".  It's wishful thinking on his part, but it's so hard not to tip my hand!
4184	Birdsong65	2013-05-08	Don't they understand the concept of building up to something? No wonder people whine about foreplay so much  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I have never complained about foreplay.I'm on record.
4185	Young Nan	2013-05-08	It's so annoying that so many people don't know who Roose bolton is!!I asked my sister ''what do you think of Roose bolton'' and she said ''who is that?''It pisses me off because apparently she is ''obsessed'' with the show so much that she has a ''Winter is coming'' phone case and wants to get a Direwolf tattoo and yet she really knows hardly anything about any of the characters???you just described both my sister and husband.  its worse in his case because I explain who roose bolton is on a weekly basis, but that doesn't stop him asking again every week who he is.   The show isn't nearly as complicated as the books, I don't understand how people can't keep up with it.  Harrenhall, too.  He still doesn't know what and where Harrenhall is.
4186	Young Nan	2013-05-08	Why do people have such little patience? It's as if whenever something isn't immediately fascinating, their attention starts to wander. How depressing. Don't they understand the concept of building up to something? No wonder people whine about foreplay so much /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Its the reason that Michael Bay's movies are so popular.  It's really annoying that these days most people aren't even capable of finishing a book since they don't have the attention span.  If something isn't exploding or showing boobies, they have no interest.   I watch every week with two "fans" who post quotes and memes on facebook and say theycan't wait for the next episode, yet while watching it, the second people start having dialogue or doing anything that doesn't involve fighting or fucking, they aren't watching.  So as a result, I have to explain over and over who roose bolton, the karstarks, talisa, etc are.  I don't know why people like that even bother watching.
4187	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	So as a result, I have to explain over and over who roose bolton, the karstarks, talisa, etc are.  I don't know why people like that even bother watching.That's easy. Because it's a popular show and lots of people feel they should watch / listen to / wear whatever is popular at the time without giving any proper thought to it.It's so annoying that so many people don't know who Roose bolton is!!I asked my sister ''what do you think of Roose bolton'' and she said ''who is that?''It pisses me off because apparently she is ''obsessed'' with the show so much that she has a ''Winter is coming'' phone case and wants to get a Direwolf tattoo and yet she really knows hardly anything about any of the characters???They tend not to know the names (my mom even asked "who's Littlefinger?") but it's easy to overestimate the importance of the names - they tend to know the character when they see him, what he's doing, what he stands for (or appears to stand for) etc.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 May 2013 - 07:05 PM.
4188	FattyPeon	2013-05-08	And I can't imagine the average watcher is going to remember what the sigils are, hell i glossed over them while reading.Gloss over apples, towers, flowers etc, sure, but gloss over a flayed man?
4189	wolverine	2013-05-08	Gloss over apples, towers, flowers etc, sure, but gloss over a flayed man?I am guessing most don't even know what the hell it is on the show.  I pointed out the flayed man when the standard was prominently in the background for a scene with Roose and my brother and sister-in-law and they had no idea what I was talking about.
4190	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-08	They have no idea who Ramsay is.Not surprised since they didn't show Ramsay riding into Winterfell and capturing Theon. Last we saw, he got knocked on the head by his own men who then said 'Let's go home' despite the fact that there were supposed to be 500 loyal northerners outside.They did not remember that Gendry was Robert's bastard or that Mel and Stannis mentioned they needed kings blood.They could have put in just one line about needing to find someone with king's blood...
4191	The Bear	2013-05-08	I am guessing most don't even know what the hell it is on the show.  I pointed out the flayed man when the standard was prominently in the background for a scene with Roose and my brother and sister-in-law and they had no idea what I was talking about.I agree. My mother saw the saint andrew's cross in the banner and connected it to the one Theon was strapped to. She had no idea that the sigil was supposed to be a flayed man. If I hadn't known from reading the books I wouldn't know what it was just by looking either.
4192	Dove	2013-05-09	I guess it was a bit of a throwaway comment but at one point Jaime looks at Locke's banner and says something like "the FLAYED MAN of House Bolton, huh?" Unless you re-watch the episode it's easy to miss stuff like that, since there's a lot of other stuff to take in.Of course, a lot of people probably don't know what flaying is. Lucky them!! the things ASOIAF have caught me~It's so annoying that so many people don't know who Roose bolton is!!I asked my sister ''what do you think of Roose bolton'' and she said ''who is that?''Did you even tell her that he's your waifu?? Maybe that would help...
4193	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-09	It's so annoying that so many people don't know who Roose bolton is!!I asked my sister ''what do you think of Roose bolton'' and she said ''who is that?''It pisses me off because apparently she is ''obsessed'' with the show so much that she has a ''Winter is coming'' phone case and wants to get a Direwolf tattoo and yet she really knows hardly anything about any of the characters???Lol, Roose deserves far more attention given his role in the future. But to be fair, he isn't really that memorable right now. I can understand their exclusion of the leeches, as it might seem a bit goofy, but it would have been a good way to make him stand out. His full name has only been mentioned once, IIRC, and even then, he is only mentioned by name sparingly. To be honest, I only read the books after season 2, and I had no idea he was supposed to be Roose Bolton. He seemed like an okay guy, and I was actually rooting for this bastard son of his to retake Winterfell. Oh, how wrong I was /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />It's only in these last 2 episodes where people have started to notice him, especially after his awesomely sadistic tormenting of Jaime last week. Let's hope he continues to show more personality(or lack of personality, in Roose's case) in the upcoming weeks.
4194	Theon's Missing Finger	2013-05-09	I'm gutted.
My wife left the room after the Ros scene and said that's it. I'm not watching this any more.. and has since refused to even talk about it.
She's not a massive fan of torture (who is, right ?) so the Theon stuff she just simply hates. Then when she saw that i think it just tipped her over the edge. She was visibly upset, bless her, and now says she finds the whole programme a bit 'pervy'.
She won't watch it and now she says she doesn't even want to know what's gonna happen !?! With me loving the whole thing as much as I do,I 've kind of taken it a bit personally. You know what it's like watching it witha non-reader. I don't have that any more.
Gutted
					
					
							Edited by Theon's Missing Finger, 09 May 2013 - 09:18 AM.
4195	shiola	2013-05-09	I don't think you have been paying attention to these threads. the majority of the unsullied suspect something is going to happen, the 3 people I watch the show with are predicting that he will be ambushed on the way to the wedding, or poisoned at the affair itself.Anyone who has watched this series, regardless of their experience with the books, would not have to try very hard not to put together what is going to happen with very little critical thought. The way the Frey's were portrayed this week alone tipped the hand.I think gammaerys has been paying attention, actually.  These threads are not about the Unsullied over at TWoP, if that's to whom you are referring.  These are about every day people we know who casually watch the show and don't over analyze it.  You don't have to "try very hard not to put together what is going to happen", and that sounds a bit self-righteous.  Fact is, a lot of casual viewers don't have an idea, and that's fun for some of us.
4196	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-09	I am guessing most don't even know what the hell it is on the show.  I pointed out the flayed man when the standard was prominently in the background for a scene with Roose and my brother and sister-in-law and they had no idea what I was talking about.This! I explicitly pointed my parents in the direction of this one, so they re-watched it and they still didn't get it. They said that all they saw was an X.  Apparently, both of them need their eyes checked since they totally missed the man on the X. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />This morning my Dad told me some people are going to die, but when I asked which ones he really didn't have an answer. He just hopes that Joffrey will die soon and wants to know if Robb will take over Casterly Rock.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 09 May 2013 - 10:39 AM.
4197	Timotheus	2013-05-09	My youngest brother has only read the books halfway book 3 (it's divided into 2 parts in Belgium). He has no clue Robb is about to die. Ofcourse, he's suspicious, but he's suspicious of everything that's going on. It's GOT after all. But he thinks Robb is going to take Casterly Rock. 
I haven't talked about it after last episode though. I don't want to bring Robb too much to his attention. When I was reading the books my oldest brother was asking after Robb all the time. Obviously something big was going to happen. That's also the brother that pretty much spoiled Ned's death for. "Dude, you should read these books! They're really good and in the first book, the main character dies!"
 /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
4198	shiola	2013-05-09	double post
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 09 May 2013 - 11:02 AM.
4199	shiola	2013-05-09	My friend and brother who don't read the books have not connected Bolton's banner with Theon's torture. The fact of the matter is, there is so much dialogue going on that that is all we catch the first time around. Plus, the accents can be tricky for us to understand 100% of the time. When you re-watch it, you can pick up background details. But my friend and brother don't re-watch. So I'm not surprised they haven't picked up on who Boy is.
4200	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-09	Talking with my Mam on facebook chat right now.About Joffrey:Joffrey his sick ,spoilt,a mummy boy. And now has murdered . XXXXAbout Roose Bolton:He seems nice and fair.XxxxAbout Boy:He is'nt very nice. Really evil and horrible. Xxxxhehehhe bless her.
4201	Ser Milady Wolf	2013-05-09	First time posting. But I am a long time lurker...Have to say these threads are my favorite for every episode.My nonreader fiance's main complaint is that there is no one to root for. I think he checked out with dead Ned. He doesnt especially love anyone or want anything to happen at this point and is just bearing with me. In this episode, he thought Bolton was Stannis. He still hates Jaime despite my explanations of upcoming redemption. "He pushed a kid out a window and *@#$%@ his sister. No coming back from that." He likes Arya but feels nothing is happening.My other nonreader friend is wayyy more into it:me: what do you want to happenFriend: Hard to say. I imagine the season will end with a major battle between the Starks, Lannisters, Stanis, Danys and all the various interested parties...then oh shit here comes whatever the people north of the wall are running from.me: so who do you want to sit the throneFriend: Time to give it to Tyrion. Would be hilarious. I like that they gave Jamie some balance with his explanation of why they killed the king. Dangerous making these guys into cartoon characters like Walking Dead does. I figure those Stark kids are building up to something.I envy nonreaders though. But then I think I have no idea whats going to happen next anyway so I am okay again.
4202	ohpooratlas	2013-05-09	My boyfriend is unsullied and gets mad if I make any references to the books, even if it is no longer spoiler related (as in: Tywin Lannister never met Arya in Harrenhaal ... someone else was here) kind of thing.  He hates it because he's "never going to read the books" and only cares about the show.
It's taken me forever to get him to react to the episodes and I have to keep a complete poker face or he'll get upset.  This is for any show though.  He doesn't even like watching previews.
Anyway ... his reactions to the episode:
First and foremost: "Where the hell is Daenerys???"  This one I completely understand.  We had such a huge moment for her at the end of episode 4 and then she's kind of just an afterthought in episode 5 and she doesn't even appear in episode 6.  I told him that her storyline will pick up in full force by the end of the season.  She's the first person he has said he actually likes and wants to sit the Iron Throne.  I think her Astapor moment officially solidified his support because of her strength.  (I already noted in the 'unsullied' thread for that episode that he does not believe she'll be coming to King's Landing any time soon though.)
Ramsey and Roose Bolton: He has no idea who either are.  The show has done a horrible job in selling Roose to the viewers.  He's made no connection to the sigils and the torture devise.  On top of that I think he is completely uninterested in Theon's storyline right now (I'll ask "what do you think about Theon? Do you feel sorry for him?" and he'll be like "who?") ... so of course he has no idea/opinion on Ramsey.  He's in the minority I'm sure though.
He thinks Cersei is dead on about her paranoia regarding the Tyrells.  He's pretty sure the QoT is going to hurt her family.
He actually asked me, for the first time EVER "why is the Red Priestess taking Gendry?"  He never asks me "why" questions ever and I was like "You want to know? You mean ... in relation to the books?"  And he said "Yes."  So I had to explain that the ONE question he chose to ask about related to a storyline that is not even in the books.  But I did explain that Gendry is Robert's bastard and that Mel needs "King's Blood" for Stannis.  He did not really react after that.
That was pretty much it.  He seemed a little alarmed when it looked like Jon and Ygritte might fall but when I asked what he thought about them he said "They're too happy."
The unsullied are strange.
Also ... when Littlefinger performed his "Chaos" speech he was like "WHOA" when they showed Ros dead.  He had me remind him who she was.  I also explained the tragedy of Sansa Stark's situation to him.
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 09 May 2013 - 06:23 PM.
4203	Nezzer	2013-05-09	-snip-I don't know, it seems like your BF is not paying much attention to the show. Roose's connection to Ramsay is right on everybody's face. The flayed man appears in almost every scene Roose is in. You should tell him he will only truly enjoy this show if he rewatches every episode several times and if he pays attention to every single scene. Tell him that, for his own sake /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
4204	ohpooratlas	2013-05-09	He selectively pays attention.I think I'll have to get him to rewatch season 2 in order to bring Theon back into the forefront, but I think he really just never cared for the character to begin wtih.He's pretty up to speed with everything going on in King's Landing/The Night's Watch/Wildlings and everything going on with Daenerys' storyline.  Those are arguably the most important storylines (as far as the show is concerned ... it is called Game of Thrones after all, not A Song of Ice and Fire ... so the casual viewer is going to care more about who sits the Iron Throne and possibly the Others in the North than the little nitpicky stuff in between.)He did mention that he also liked Daenerys' storyline because there are so few people in Essos right now and it's a lot easier to keep track of.Everything is so splintered on the Westerosi side.But yes ... this perspective is definitely coming from a "casual viewer." /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 09 May 2013 - 06:58 PM.
4205	A Man Is A Man	2013-05-10	A non-reader friend of mine asked "why should we care about the fat guy and the chick with the baby?" referring to Sam and Gilly and I have to admit, even though I'm a book-reader, I have no answer for her as to why we should care.
4206	Effie	2013-05-10	I watched all six episodes with friends yesterday, 2 of them only started reading the books, 1 somewhere in book 3, after the Tyrion/Sansa wedding, but before RW and 1 having read the books. 
So that makes two people cringing every Theon scene. The others are still not getting why they should feel bad for him, although they do admit that the Boy is a lot worse and has amazing crazy eyes. 
They didn't get who he is though. I figured they would, especially because we watched SO much yesterday. I did say it was on purpose his identity isn't in the open, but that you could figure it out by hints. Nobody payed attention to the banner though. (why the flaying didn't give it away for them, no idea)
My friend who's somewhere in book three knows something big is gonna happen, but she is scared it might have to do with Jon. That's the only time she directly asked me something about the books and the plot and it was a very general, is he gonna die. I had no idea what to say so I think I just looked back at her with as little emotion on my face as possible. 
Everyone loves the QoT and Pod.
They all still think every proposed wedding is going to happen and they love the idea of Loras and Cersei and they said something about the whole series is pretty much about Varys and Littlefinger and their scheming. (which I thought was great, because they do pay attention to those two which I feel is very important to get all of the plot twists)
4207	King Zee	2013-05-10	I don't know, it seems like your BF is not paying much attention to the show. Roose's connection to Ramsay is right on everybody's face. The flayed man appears in almost every scene Roose is in. You should tell him he will only truly enjoy this show if he rewatches every episode several times and if he pays attention to every single scene. Tell him that, for his own sake /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />my unsullied were astonished when  I replayed the past episodes and pointed out the flayed man banner , I was  then asked "I thought they followed House Stark why do they have their own symbol?"my unsullied get the wolf/lion/dragon/stag/rose bit but they hadnt realized that every Lord including  LF has thier own sigil. and they certainly didnt connect Theon's X with the Bolton'sactually my unsullied thought that Locke was part of the Brotherhood without Banners...apparently his speech about Jamie's privileges made them connect Locke with the BwB.
4208	Tirilei	2013-05-10	Too funny how you guys use the word "unsullied" for us show-only-viewers.  It would be fun to watch the show with a book reader.  Since I don't have any in the family, I come here to pick up a few "spoilers" here and there. I like knowing a little bit about where things are going. And without this website and some of your "spoilers", I wouldn't have caught many of the details either that most of you say your friends and family overlook. 
My husband doesn't even want to watch the show at all. I watch some of the reruns too, so I can better hear some of the lines. I find some of the actors mumble some lines and they are difficult to hear, or maybe it's just that English is my second language, but some of the lines I didn't catch until the second or third time.  And I would have never even paid one bit of attention to that Bolton banner if you weren't talking about that here.  So, it's a man on that banner, but that it's a tortured, skinned man, you'd really have to take a close look and do a lot of analysis to see that if you haven't read the books.
What I still don't understand is if Theon is now being tortured in the same place as before or if this is a different castle/building/dungeon. And is that the same place and time where Jaimie and Brienne are sitting upstairs and dining with the guy's dad?
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 10 May 2013 - 12:25 PM.
4209	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-10	my unsullied were astonished when  I replayed the past episodes and pointed out the flayed man banner , I was  then asked "I thought they followed House Stark why do they have their own symbol?"my unsullied get the wolf/lion/dragon/stag/rose bit but they hadnt realized that every Lord including  LF has thier own sigil. and they certainly didnt connect Theon's X with the Bolton'sactually my unsullied thought that Locke was part of the Brotherhood without Banners...apparently his speech about Jamie's privileges made them connect Locke with the BwB.Cersei directly says to Littlefinger, "you made your own sigil." I don't understand how people don't realize these things.And it's not because of being a casual viewer. I picked up on it when I was a show-only viewer. I don't think people are used to having to pay attention to television so closely. Which is unfortunate.
4210	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-10	snipWhat I still don't understand is if Theon is now being tortured in the same place as before or if this is a different castle/building/dungeon. And is that the same place and time where Jaimie and Brienne are sitting upstairs and dining with the guy's dad?Theon is at
	Spoiler The Dreadfort, which is where the Boltons live. Jaime and Brienne were in Harrenhal. The Dreadfort is to the left of the compass thing on this maphttp://gameofthrones...of_westeros.jpgand Harrenhal is just south of where three rivers join near the center of the map.
4211	Tirilei	2013-05-10	Theon is at
	Spoiler The Dreadfort, which is where the Boltons live. Jaime and Brienne were in Harrenhal. The Dreadfort is to the left of the compass thing on this maphttp://gameofthrones...of_westeros.jpgand Harrenhal is just south of where three rivers join near the center of the map.
Thank you!  So many places on that map remind me of names of real places.
4212	lyanna_maria	2013-05-11	My unsullied friend definitely likes Jaime a lot at this point, but he told me that he is very confused about why didn't he tell his version of Aery's killing earlier. He is certain that Ned would have listened to him, and thinks it was stupid of Jaime not to even try.
4213	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-11	My unsullied friend definitely likes Jaime a lot at this point, but he told me that he is very confused about why didn't he tell his version of Aery's killing earlier. He is certain that Ned would have listened to him, and thinks it was stupid of Jaime not to even try.People have weird views of main characters. Used to them not being flawed in any realistic way.But Barristan/Jorah comment afterwards should have hinted to him that honorable men in Westeros stick by their vows, even when it's to do horrible acts. This would have been clearer if they kept the guy who hit Sansa just because Joffrey told him to. Plus I know some people think that Ned said to Jaime that "You served him well, and serving was safe" instead of "You served him well when serving was safe," due to utter failure to understand accents. So basically what I'm saying is this friend of yours probably missed that Ned was supposed to be honorable past the point of common sense.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 11 May 2013 - 10:02 AM.
4214	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-11	My sister is sure Daenerys is coming to Westeros very very soon. Oh, sweet summer child.....
Also she hates Theon and Jaime. She told me: "Oh, now they are like trying to redeem them and make them more sympathetic? Well, NO. I won't forgive them! I hate them, and I want them to DIE!!" LOL. Also she hates my dear Joff /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> . She wants Dany to kill him when she comes to Westeros, hah! Not gonna happen.....
My unsullied friend hates Sansa. He cannot stand her and he wants her to have a terrible death. Poor Sansa /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> He is also getting kind of bored. He said: "I'm getting kind of bored. Please tell me something interesting is gonna happen!" and I was like "of course!! just wait!!" I'm very excited to see their reaction to the RW.
4215	A Man Is A Man	2013-05-11	My unsullied friend hates Sansa. He cannot stand her and he wants her to have a terrible death. Poor Sansa /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> He is also getting kind of bored. He said: "I'm getting kind of bored. Please tell me something interesting is gonna happen!" and I was like "of course!! just wait!!" I'm very excited to see their reaction to the RW. Considering how many non-readers want/expect Joff to die this season or Dany to hit Westeros, I would say the RW will leave them more perplexed about the show than ever. But I hope I'm wrong!
4216	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-05-12	I talked to a few of my friends today about the show and what they think (I know no one who have read the books). 
First and foremost all of them are waiting for Jaqen to show up again and seems to think he is going to have a future role in things.
One also guessed that Arya and the Hound would be travelling together at some point.
They also didn't seem to connect that Jaime & Brienne are in the same castle that Arya were in season 2.
Also they are looking forward to Tywin verbally bitch-slapping Joffrey and hoped that crying would be involved.
One were also expressed curiousity about Jon's mother.
4217	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-05-06	http://tvrecaps.ew.c...ecap-the-climb/I just need to share thisSansa's Chambers: Sansa is musing about her wedding. She asks Shae if she can invite her family to her Highgarden ceremony. Her family? Has Sansa been smoking Milk of the Poppy? Sure Sansa, invite your family so that Joffrey can arrange to have each of them killed as they walk through the door. Turn a wedding into a bloodbath, why don't you.I'm biting my lip so hard....
4218	SteelAndSnow	2013-05-12	Hahaha. Yeah, I just read it. I was like /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> . Hibberd is a really good reviewer. Just the right amount of humor. Love how he subtly references the books.
4219	Lady Arwen	2013-05-12	I enjoyed this very much; thanks for sharing. The little bit about Arya spinning "the witch" made me chuckle the most. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4220	KingWolf	2013-05-07	I didn't like Robb in his scene this episode mostly because of how much of a Hypocrit he is.Telling Edmure to marry the frey girl or risk causing a war and more death.
This entire problem is Robb's fault.I must say I like book Robb's reason for marrying much more than the show.In the book he married out of guilt and honor.But here he marries out of love(which is fine)but then he starts berating Edmure telling him to do the exact same thing he did.The Blackfish never helped either.What do you all think?
4221	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-10	The show fucked up big time when they changed the reasons Robb broke his vow. But I thought this scene was the most sympathetic Robb has been all season. He seemed to fully acknowledge his guilt, and even agreed that it was completely unfair for Edmure to marry, but it was still essential for their cause. He didn't really berate Edmure IMO. I think Blackfish did that more than Robb. 
"You're paying for my sins, uncle. It's not fair or right"- there's a self-realization that Robb has in this scene that I quite liked. He's being honest about his mistakes, and seems to know how unfair it is for others to make sacrifices for him.
4222	lostinwesteros	2013-05-10	Yeah, I think he is a hypocrite here, and very foolish, which makes him really dangerous, a loose cannon.
4223	lostinwesteros	2013-05-10	My error...thought I'd lost my post.
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 10 May 2013 - 11:41 PM.
4224	Khal Porno	2013-05-11	I didn't like Robb in his scene this episode mostly because of how much of a Hypocrit he is.Telling Edmure to marry the frey girl or risk causing a war and more death.This entire problem is Robb's fault.I must say I like book Robb's reason for marrying much more than the show.In the book he married out of guilt and honor.But here he marries out of love(which is fine)but then he starts berating Edmure telling him to do the exact same thing he did.The Blackfish never helped either.What do you all think?Did he berate him?  I thought he said he wouldn't force him, and then took responsibility and said Edmure was paying for his sins and he was in his debt or whatever.Also Robb in the book is a hypocrite for marrying Jeyne to "protect her honor" when he was the one who besmirched it in the first place (and grief is no excuse).  Both Robbs did the wrong thing by marrying their perspective wives and one doesn't have a more valid excuse than the other.
4225	zaphodbrx	2013-05-11	Blackfish is even more of a hypocrit
4226	Hear me Meow	2013-05-11	Did he berate him?  I thought he said he wouldn't force him, and then took responsibility and said Edmure was paying for his sins and he was in his debt or whatever.Also Robb in the book is a hypocrite for marrying Jeyne to "protect her honor" when he was the one who besmirched it in the first place (and grief is no excuse).  Both Robbs did the wrong thing by marrying their perspective wives and one doesn't have a more valid excuse than the other.It was the same absurdly dumb move but the book version is more sympathetic.
4227	zaphodbrx	2013-05-11	Did anyone catch the part where he says 'Harrenhal's not in the North'.
Basically he's saying, f*ck the riverlands. They didn't even basically exist in the last season and even now they're kind of like the place where he happens to be now. Not like they have a nobility of their own or anything. Except Edmure. Lulz.
4228	Nezzer	2013-05-11	Did anyone catch the part where he says 'Harrenhal's not in the North'.Basically he's saying, f*ck the riverlands. They didn't even basically exist in the last season and even now they're kind of like the place where he happens to be now. Not like they have a nobility of their own or anything. Except Edmure. Lulz.Yeah, that's pretty weird. It's like the Riverlands are not part of Robb's kingdom in the show. I hope he's just saying that Harrenhal is not under his direct command, that it's under Edmure's responsability. And when he says he's fighting for the North I hope he means the kingdom of the North as whole, including the Riverlands.
4229	Khal Porno	2013-05-11	It was the same absurdly dumb move but the book version is more sympathetic.I disagree completely. Boning some chick because you're sad and then having a shotgun wedding over it is the dumbest thing in the world.
4230	Dove	2013-05-11	Yeah, I think he is a hypocrite here, and very foolish, which makes him really dangerous, a loose cannon.You're a loose cannon, Robb! Turn in your badge and your sword, I don't want to see you anywhere near this investigation.I liked the scene a lot, Robb was apologetic and doing his best to make amends. "You're paying for my sins," is a great line when you know what's coming, especially with Cat standing right there. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
4231	Joyful Union	2013-05-11	Did anyone catch the part where he says 'Harrenhal's not in the North'.Basically he's saying, f*ck the riverlands. They didn't even basically exist in the last season and even now they're kind of like the place where he happens to be now. Not like they have a nobility of their own or anything. Except Edmure. Lulz.Robb basically said "fuck the Riverlands" in the books too, when he decided to go North and leave the Riverlands at the mercy of Tywin.
4232	Sun	2013-05-11	I loved the scene. It's one of the only two scenes I loved in the entire episode. The other being Jaime/Bolton/Briennes scene.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 11 May 2013 - 06:26 AM.
4233	Dark_Sister	2013-05-11	At least he says out loud that Edmure is paying for his mistake and that it's completely unfair he has to marry a Frey because Robb broke his vow, so I wouldn't call him an hypocrite, it's not like he is acting like he never did anything wrong. I think this is the most sympathetic scene Robb has had in a long time, until now he never mentioned how he screwed up things when he married Talisa. The one who looks like an hypocrite in that scene is the Blackfish, who refused to marry and is now telling his nephew he has to.
I like book Robb more than tv Robb, yes, both basically made the same mistake marrying Jeyne/Talisa when they were supposed to marry a Frey girl, but the attitude they have is completely different. In the books we see that Robb did it to protect Jeyne's honor and he knew the consequences of that choice, and that he knew he made a mistake when he slept with Jeyne, but in the show he is just like "I love her so screw the Freys YOLO", and then he looks completely smug when he thinks he can arrange a new pact with the Freys. In both cases it was a dumb mistake, but in the books he had a better reason than in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Sister, 11 May 2013 - 08:03 AM.
4234	Hear me Meow	2013-05-11	I disagree completely. Boning some chick because you're sad and then having a shotgun wedding over it is the dumbest thing in the world.Yea that's what I said. I just pointed out the book version is more sympathetic, even if just as dumb.
4235	Colonel Green	2013-05-11	I disagree completely. Boning some chick because you're sad and then having a shotgun wedding over it is the dumbest thing in the world.But it fits with Westeros' honour culture, which Robb (like his dad) firmly believes in.Robb deciding he wants to marry for love, which he would have no cultural expectation of, and quite deliberately breaking his vow in the process, is much less sympathetic.
4236	Cas Stark	2013-05-11	But it fits with Westeros' honour culture, which Robb (like his dad) firmly believes in.Robb deciding he wants to marry for love, which he would have no cultural expectation of, and quite deliberately breaking his vow in the process, is much less sympathetic.I agree, especially since in the book Jeyne was a young girl, still under the protection of her parents so she would have been dishonored w/much negative consequences for her future if it was known she lost her virginity.  Volantis nurse person cavorting around Westeros as an adult, with no ties to anyone, no family or connections in Westeros, not so much.
4237	Joyful Union	2013-05-11	But it fits with Westeros' honour culture, which Robb (like his dad) firmly believes in.Robb deciding he wants to marry for love, which he would have no cultural expectation of, and quite deliberately breaking his vow in the process, is much less sympathetic.It doesnt fit in with Westerosi honor culture, because the more honorable choice would be to marry the Frey girl and respect his vows, rather than marry an enemy banner mans daughter.
4238	Hear me Meow	2013-05-11	It doesnt fit in with Westerosi honor culture, because the more honorable choice would be to marry the Frey girl and respect his vows, rather than marry an enemy banner mans daughter.There is certainly a case to be made Robb misapprehended the 'more honourable' course but in the books Ser Kevan at least thought the decision was readily comprehensible in 'honour' terms. Tywin of course remarked Jeyne was her mother's daughter and Robb was his father's son. So yea, it was understood; Robb dishonoured himself rather than dishonour Jeyne. There was also his concern about the position of bastards given his experience with Jon.
4239	Colonel Green	2013-05-11	It doesnt fit in with Westerosi honor culture, because the more honorable choice would be to marry the Frey girl and respect his vows, rather than marry an enemy banner mans daughter.Which is the "more honourable" choice is entirely a matter of opinion.
4240	Joyful Union	2013-05-11	Which is the "more honourable" choice is entirely a matter of opinion.Well, if you look at it from the point of what is considered honorable in Westeros, then vows and loyalty to your bannerman are considered more honorable than marrying a girl because you took her virginity. Robb made a vow and he has a responsibility to the Frey's as their King which is more important than protecting the honour of Jeyne. In marrying Jeyne he not only broke his sacred vow, but the contract between Lord and King, and therefore brought greater dishonour upon himself than marrying the Frey girl would have.
4241	Mammothsbane	2013-05-11	Well, if you look at it from the point of what is considered honorable in Westeros, then vows and loyalty to your bannerman are considered more honorable than marrying a girl because you took her virginity. Robb made a vow and he has a responsibility to the Frey's as their King which is more important than protecting the honour of Jeyne. In marrying Jeyne he not only broke his sacred vow, but the contract between Lord and King, and therefore brought greater dishonour upon himself than marrying the Frey girl would have.Robb cared about her (Jeyne)'s honor more than his own.
4242	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-11	Well, if you look at it from the point of what is considered honorable in Westeros, then vows and loyalty to your bannerman are considered more honorable than marrying a girl because you took her virginity. Robb made a vow and he has a responsibility to the Frey's as their King which is more important than protecting the honour of Jeyne. In marrying Jeyne he not only broke his sacred vow, but the contract between Lord and King, and therefore brought greater dishonour upon himself than marrying the Frey girl would have.I thought Robb was a fool for doing that in the books. But at least he kept some kind of honor (Jeyne's). He chose Jeyne's honor over his own, and he did it when he was most vulnerable (after Bran's and Rickon's "deaths"). Who did Show!Roob care about other than himself?
4243	nara	2013-05-11	The show fucked up big time when they changed the reasons Robb broke his vow. But I thought this scene was the most sympathetic Robb has been all season. He seemed to fully acknowledge his guilt, and even agreed that it was completely unfair for Edmure to marry, but it was still essential for their cause. He didn't really berate Edmure IMO. I think Blackfish did that more than Robb."You're paying for my sins, uncle. It's not fair or right"- there's a self-realization that Robb has in this scene that I quite liked. He's being honest about his mistakes, and seems to know how unfair it is for others to make sacrifices for him.agree, agree, agree!  Robb in the books behaved stupidly, but his youth and desire to be like his father makes it understandable.  In the show, it's a grown man behaving selfishly.I liked the way he ackowledged Edmure's sacrifice.  The most mature thing he's done in the last 2 seasons.
4244	Mulled Wino	2013-05-11	We knew all this last season. Who would have thought Robb's storyline would get crappier.  Why the military brainfarts?  Why does he have no supporters (at least till blackfish showed up 5 episodes deep)?  When the eff did they Freys leave him?
One could feel for him in the rw in the books, he was a masterful general but made a mess of the management off the field and he had many many supporters.  He was feared as the Young Wolf for good reason.  Now he's just a dimwit faux king that nowhere near deserves to be king in the north (I dont even knkw if he's king in the riverlands or not.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 11 May 2013 - 07:05 PM.
4245	Khalessi	2013-05-11	I actually liked the way they portrayed Robb in this scene for a change. He acknowledged it was his fault, and Edmure was paying for his sins. He also didn't force Edmure or personally berate him when he refused. I thought Robb seemed humble in that scene and came off more sympathetic than he had been. The biggest problem I have is that he went to the Frey's for help after personally insulting him. It's really dumb, it's like he learned nothing from sending Theon to his father and having him betray him. However, this is a problem with the books as well. I wish there was somehow a way to do the twist without having Robb appear so dumb.
4246	Sansa in the North	2013-05-12	I don't actually have a problem with Robb telling Edmure to marry. He did say "you are paying for my sins" and aknowledged his own faults for a change. I have more of a problem with his "fuck the riverlands" line and the way he has been portrayed this season and season 2.
My worst issue is that he kept Cat prisoner, while even refusng to aknowledge that he himself had made a mistake by marrying Talisa. Like others have said, in the books he chose Jayne's honour over his own. It was pretty stupid, but understandable and us readers could sympathise. I have no sympathy left for show Robb. In the books he immediately forgave Cat, because he himself had made a "mistake for love" under the exact same circumstances (finding out about Bran and RIckon). Here, he keeps Cat prisoner and parades Talise around. That looks pretty hypocritical to me.
Plues, yeah, the riverlands have been fighting for you, Robb, so maybe show a bit more concern. I know he abandoned the riverlands in the books, too, but there he had to retake Winterfell and prove that he could still protect his own home, or he was no king at all. No that he is attacking Casterly Rock or whatever, the situation is somehwat different.    
Okay.. that's me done whining, I just needed to let that out /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4247	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-12	But Robb has no reason to believe that the Riverlands would go to shit with the Freys ruling Harrenhal. So it wouldn't be much of a big deal. Also, Robb is DESPERATE for an alliance. The Freys are his only hope, so for him to grant them Harrenhal is not that surprising. And I'm sure that Robb would know that Baelish is the current Lord of Harrenhal, so he would be aware that the Freys' claim to it, for the time being, is an empty title.
4248	zaphodbrx	2013-05-12	But Robb has no reason to believe that the Riverlands would go to shit with the Freys ruling Harrenhal. So it wouldn't be much of a big deal. Also, Robb is DESPERATE for an alliance. The Freys are his only hope, so for him to grant them Harrenhal is not that surprising. And I'm sure that Robb would know that Baelish is the current Lord of Harrenhal, so he would be aware that the Freys' claim to it, for the time being, is an empty title.It's not the fact that he agreed. It's just how it's shown on the screen ( Not in the north? F*ck it )Btw regarding hypocrisy. Remember when he berated Edmure for losing 200 men on the stone mill? And then he turns around and loses half his army. Well done Robb!
4249	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Yeah show Robb sucks. But the biggest hypocrite in that scene was the Blackfish, who basically got his nickname for not marrying someone he didn't want to, but in that scene felt like punching his nephew for not being enthusiastic about marrying a random girl.
4250	pytri993	2013-05-12	Robb is not a hypocrite, he's just -to put it in Cat's words - young. At least in this scene he shows some measure of guilt, which he had remarkably failed to do both in season 2 and season 3 up to this point. As to the reasons for breaking his vows, I too think that book-Robb had brought forth much better reasons to wed Jeyne than TV-Robb.Furthermore, i find that Brynden has been very demeaned by the way he was portrayed in these last episodes. He's become some sort of clueless enforcer whose task seems to be beating people or threatening to do so. Bah.
4251	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-12	Robb is not a hypocrite, he's just -to put it in Cat's words - young. At least in this scene he shows some measure of guilt, which he had remarkably failed to do both in season 2 and season 3 up to this point. As to the reasons for breaking his vows, I too think that book-Robb had brought forth much better reasons to wed Jeyne than TV-Robb.Furthermore, i find that Brynden has been very demeaned by the way he was portrayed in these last episodes. He's become some sort of clueless enforcer whose task seems to be beating people or threatening to do so. Bah.So true. All we need is him to look at Robb each time and ask "me smash his face ?" each time.
4252	KingWolf	2013-05-12	Yeah sorry some reason I thought Robb said Blackfish's lines.
Catlyn's line"Your willing to risk our lives for a chance at a preitter life." However is pretty much what Robb did.
Blackfish also seems found of wanting to beat edmure up."The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth"
4253	Sun	2013-05-12	The show fucked up big time when they changed the reasons Robb broke his vow. But I thought this scene was the most sympathetic Robb has been all season. He seemed to fully acknowledge his guilt, and even agreed that it was completely unfair for Edmure to marry, but it was still essential for their cause. He didn't really berate Edmure IMO. I think Blackfish did that more than Robb."You're paying for my sins, uncle. It's not fair or right"- there's a self-realization that Robb has in this scene that I quite liked. He's being honest about his mistakes, and seems to know how unfair it is for others to make sacrifices for him.Agree completely.
4254	Lady Arwen	2013-05-12	I don't have anything to add to what others have said, but it does feel good to vent a little about how Robb's character has been mutilated in the show. It seems so pointless to make him willingly break his vow to the Freys just to get a hotter wife, then to go and chastise Edmure for not jumping for joy at the thought of marrying one of the Freys. Really, Robb? And where the heck are all his bannermen? He's just coming across as a whiny loser at this point. I try to appreciate the show for what it is and not get too hung up on the show/book discrepancies, but Robb's portrayal is truly egregious, mostly because of its implications on the RW and how people will respond to it. Personally, I have a feeling that Unsullied viewers will feel like, "Meh. He had it coming."
4255	Khal Tommen	2013-05-06	I dont think anyone could deny that the Olenna/Tywin conversation was beautifully acted, as well as included some good conversation pacing with the Queen of Thorns being as witty as ever,
However, I am growing slightly tiresome of the Loras gay-bomb being dropped every episode. The audience has long identified Loras as homosexual, i didnt mind that the Loras/Renly relationship was only hinted at in the books, however it seems that everyone South of the Wall knows of Loras's sexual orientation. So what was your thoughts on the scene? and the portrayals of the Tyrells in general?
Just to clear things before concluding, I am no way a purist, I love the shows, Love D & D and Georgie. I Just have certain qualms regarding the show, other than that, and maybe Aidan Gillens portrayal of Littlefinger annoy me, but other than that another superb episode !
4256	Dr. Pepper	2013-05-07	Olenna and Tywin's scene was gold.  I was sort of on the fence about how I felt about ShowOlenna, but she sold me there.  I found that I was actually disappointed that there isn't another Tyrell son because Tywin thwarting Olenna was a little...odd.  It was just weird, especially since Loras had already been in the Rainbow Guard and presumably have been unable to marry and have heirs, but it's like they forgot about that or something.  I just wonder how Cersei will get out of having to wed Loras.  It's really too bad they don't have a second Tyrell son off screen, at least. 
I agree, I'm also very annoyed with how they continue to portray Loras.  I find it really insulting at times.  It's like they have a list of every gay male stereotype they could think of and have decided to use all of them.  There's not much blatant homophobia in the books, so that's a sharp change as well.  It's all really frustrating.
4257	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-07	I agree on the Loras point. I once argued on another thread that the show didn't define Renly by his sexuality, but it's become clear that they certainly have in Loras' case. When he started talking about the things he loved about weddings, and mentioned tournaments, I had a small hope that he would start talking about his passion for fighting and jousting. Sadly, this wasn't the case. Instead we got Loras the medieval fashionista with a penchant for fringe sleeves.
Come on, HBO. Loras is an expert swordsman who just happens to be gay. That's it. You don't need to beat it into us that he's not into women. Oh, speaking of which- Why is Sansa the only one that seems oblivious to his sexuality?
4258	Daske	2013-05-07	I thought in that scene it seemed that he is bored by weddings generally except for the tournament-side of things. He sort of brightens up briefly when he remembers that there may be some fighting.
4259	Sniraga	2013-05-07	I thought in that scene it seemed that he is bored by weddings generally except for the tournament-side of things. He sort of brightens up briefly when he remembers that there may be some fighting.I got the same impression.But generally speaking, I think that so far Loras has been the weakest link in the Tyrell characters. And it seems such a waste, especially as Margaery has been better developed than I expected and QoT is a cool character as well. However, with Loras D&D have settled with the most cliched and unchallenging gay stereotypes imaginable.
4260	Roose Seal	2013-05-07	Loras, one of the best fighters in the realm knows more about gowns and fringed sleeves than a girl who's been dreaming about being a fairytale princess ever since she was born. Cuz he's so gay amirite? Oh and he's so grossed out by women and oh he's promiscuous and gehhh. Shit's growing tiresome. 
I don't care much for Olenna anymore, they seem to be completely mssing the mark on what made her character so great in the books and trying way too hard to make her look witty. I was really looking forward to her scene with Tywin but it fell completely flat. The quill snapping at the end was so cheesy.
Margaery is the only Tyrell they got right. She's not the same character as in the books, but she's still interesting.
4261	The Drunkard	2013-05-07	That entire scene was so weird.
As if Olenna would imply Tywin had homosexual experiences as a child.
As if Tywin would threaten Olenna with putting Loras on the KG after his own experiences.
As if Olenna would just give in to his demands (which is also odd, because that's the second time she's just let the Lannisters roll over her).
4262	the hound of sansa	2013-05-07	i did not enjoy that scene much. Tywin and Olenna could talk about more interesting things than Loras being gay and Tywin's experiences...I expected more from 2 of the most clever people in Westeros
4263	boojam	2013-05-07	That entire scene was so weird.As if Olenna would imply Tywin had homosexual experiences as a child.As if Tywin would threaten Olenna with putting Loras on the KG after his own experiences.As if Olenna would just give in to his demands (which is also odd, because that's the second time she's just let the Lannisters roll over her).Olenna provoking Tywin on his youthful experiences seems an awkward ploy , she would have known that he would coolly deny it.On the other hand Tywin nearly flying off the handle about Jamie and Cersei's incest , more than he has ever before, seemed to revel that he knows.( "Methinks the lady doth protest too much!" tho it's guy in instance.)I don't know about the last observation , Highgarden has gotten their hooks into the throne , in time, who knows what will happen? (ASoIaF George makes it kind of blunt. But then Catherine the Great just flat took the Russian throne away from her idgit husband Peter III. Catherine de Medici held the French throne as Queen Regent for a long time before her sons were finally able to move her out of the way.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 May 2013 - 06:45 AM.
4264	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	I'm really liking Lady Olenna!
It was hilarious when she asked  Tywin if he had ever  had an under the blanket feel with his cousins or squires whilst growing up!
 /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
4265	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	I dont get the argument that Loras' inclusion in Renly's guard somehow means he loses his rights.  Makes no sense, considering the guard is now defunct.
4266	David Selig	2013-05-07	Terrible scene. The dialogue was completely implausible throughout. Olenna is way too smart to provoke Tywin in such a childish and offensive for him way. And Tywin blackmailing the Tyrells while the war is still going on and he is pretty much at their mercy (if they join Robb, the Lannisters are completely screwed) is even dumber.
4267	The Pain Yak	2013-05-07	Can the King or his Hand forcibly place someone in the Kingsguard? It would seem rather counter-intuitive to have anyone in your sworn bodyguard who didn't volunteer to be there. It seems very much the source of position you are either offered or you ask to be given rather than relying on any forcible conscription. Their meant to be the Elite of the Elite, ferchrissakes.
					
					
							Edited by The Pain Yak, 07 May 2013 - 07:18 AM.
4268	dttljs123	2013-05-07	Loras should have joined the kingsguard at the end of season two. He goes before the entire court and skips the whole, "Your Grace, I would have the honor of a place in your Kingsguard."
If they had added those 13 words, this scene would have been better, with Cersei being offered for Mace or Willas Tyrell. Instead the Knight of Flowers is about to marry both Sansa and Cersei. HAHA
4269	Roose Seal	2013-05-07	I'm really liking Lady Olenna!It was hilarious when she asked  Tywin if he had ever  had an under the blanket feel with his cousins or squires whilst growing up! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />When in doubt, go with gay jokes.
4270	Khal Tommen	2013-05-07	A really good point made by Elio and Linda in their review, that i didnt immediately pick up on, was when the Mad King chose Jamie as a Kings guard. This infuriates Tywin to the point where he moves back to Casterly Rock with Cersei and resigns as hand of the king.
I hate to be a whinge, and in no way am I telling anyone how to run their own show, but a witty comment by Olenna about the simularity in both that past situation and the current Loras/Kingsguard one could have realy made the scene great.
4271	The Pain Yak	2013-05-07	A really good point made by Elio and Linda in their review, that i didnt immediately pick up on, was when the Mad King chose Jamie as a Kings guard. This infuriates Tywin to the point where he moves back to Casterly Rock with Cersei and resigns as hand of the king.I hate to be a whinge, and in no way am I telling anyone how to run their own show, but a witty comment by Olenna about the simularity in both that past situation and the current Loras/Kingsguard one could have realy made the scene great.There's a similarity, but also a big difference: Jaime volunteered for the Kingsguard and Aerys simply jumped at the chance to piss on Tywin some more. Obviously, the 'eldest son joins the Kingsguard and robs a lord of his heir' thing would be the same, but really, that move was on Jaime and his massive miscalculation in figuring out the best way to keep screwing his sister.
4272	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Can somebody actually be appointed to the Kingsguard?
4273	ambi76	2013-05-07	Problem I have with that Olenna/Tywin chat pulled over from the nitpick thread: The more I think about it the more puzzled I get because I can barely think of a way that house Tyrell (at least the name) is not definitely going extinct now as of show canon (could happen in the books too sure, but a bit early to spoil that in season 3/4 and it's pretty much the exact opposite of Growing Strong).Only solutions I see:Allerie and Mace better get busy again. Will be a bit hard since they're both in their forties. (?)Loras never joins the kingsguard. (??)They invent a younger brother for Mace later, except then Marg needs to stay childless forever which is totally incompatible with wanting to be "the queen". (???)
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 08:00 AM.
4274	ambi76	2013-05-07	A really good point made by Elio and Linda in their review, that i didnt immediately pick up on, was when the Mad King chose Jamie as a Kings guard. This infuriates Tywin to the point where he moves back to Casterly Rock with Cersei and resigns as hand of the king.I hate to be a whinge, and in no way am I telling anyone how to run their own show, but a witty comment by Olenna about the simularity in both that past situation and the current Loras/Kingsguard one could have realy made the scene great.Similar situation but actually even worse, since Tywin still at least had Tyrion as an option (even if he doesn't like it) but the Tyrells have supposedly nothing after Loras.
4275	Khal Tommen	2013-05-07	There's a similarity, but also a big difference: Jaime volunteered for the Kingsguard and Aerys simply jumped at the chance to piss on Tywin some more.Similar situation but actually even worse, since Tywin still at least had Tyrion as an option (even if he doesn't like it) but the Tyrells have supposedly nothing after Loras.Both great points I overlooked. I hate to say it, but could the writers have written themselves into a corner here? Loras marrying Cersei would obviously be a massive deviation from the book, but with the prospect of another heir to highgarden becoming less and less likely, im not too sure as to Loras joining the Kingsguard. (If Loras wasnt to join the Kingsguard it would be a deviation, but i feel it would have less of an impact than a Cersei/Loras marriage)
					
					
							Edited by Khal Tommen, 07 May 2013 - 08:02 AM.
4276	clarkside	2013-05-07	It was just weird, especially since Loras had already been in the Rainbow Guard and presumably have been unable to marry and have heirs, but it's like they forgot about that or something.At that point in time it didn't matter that Loras was in the Rainbow Guard because Margery and Renly would have had heirs. The line of succession would have passed to them.
4277	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Does it matter though? Marg is not going to have children before the end of ASoIaF, anyway.
4278	ambi76	2013-05-07	They would also be Baratheons so no Tyrells anywhere anymore, that's the issue.
Otherwise I would find this Loras/Cersei stuff utterly hillarious and tip my hat to D&D if they will actually go through with it. (Loras as Tommen's stepdaddy LOL!) but I can't quite see it. What I can see is Loras doing something rash and stupid and joining the Kingsguard on his own accord. And then the name Tyrell is suddenly worse off than the name Arryn.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 08:31 AM.
4279	ambi76	2013-05-07	Does it matter though? Marg is not going to have children before the end of ASoIaF, anyway.That's right she won't. How convenient.We book readers know this, but it will look very weird for show only folks. Oh, I forgot those are all stupid, so it doesn't matter at all. /kidding
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 08:15 AM.
4280	Demandred	2013-05-07	Yeah, the gimping of the Tyrells is just odd. Why they couldn't just mention that Loras has an older brother in passing and had to resort to making him and Margery only children is beyond me. Also, while I enjoyed seeing the QoT interact with Tywin, some of the interaction was weird. From QoT's jape to Tywin's threat to name Loras to the Kingsguard. Would he really risk antagonising all the Tyrells by robbing them of their heir?
4281	Darryk	2013-05-07	Yeah, the Loras comment on wedding dresses was really stupid.  I  get they were just trying lighten things up, but the whole "haha the gay guy likes dresses" thing felt more like something you'd see in a Judd Apatow movie then GoT.
4282	Sopranos With Swords	2013-05-07	Similar situation but actually even worse, since Tywin still at least had Tyrion as an option (even if he doesn't like it) but the Tyrells have supposedly nothing after Loras.... Or you could argue it was worse for Tywin, in his own mind at least, as it meant he may have to acknowledge Tyrion as his heir if he wanted his own children to inherit the rock/Lannister legacy, and its quite clear how he feels about that. But I agree they've confused the plot unnecessarily when they could have just mentioned siblings. I do have faith in D&D that they must be going somewhere with it though. It isn't like adding a Ros or swapping bastard storylines, they'll have to deal with it somehow or it won't make sense.
4283	boojam	2013-05-07	I dont get the argument that Loras' inclusion in Renly's guard somehow means he loses his rights.  Makes no sense, considering the guard is now defunct.I am supposing you mean The Rainbow guard?The Kingsguard still exists.I don't know George has this weird twist that the Night's Watch and KG will be super devoted to their task if they are celibate. Heck the Unsullied are whacked bad and brain washed.Even Kit made the observation on the DVD 2nd season set that for the NW it didn't make much sense, does not to me either.Not a feature of our alternate Earth's history , over here. Zillions of examples of armies and guards who remained loyal and had ordinary family lives.
4284	ambi76	2013-05-07	I don't know George has this weird twist that the Night's Watch and KG will be super devoted to their task if they are celibate.I think it's that George wanted this religious element in his guards, and that's where the celibacy (and the rainbow in the rainbow guard) comes from.
4285	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	I thought the comments regarding Loras being gay made little sense.  It seems odd that something that apparently is so well known could really be that huge of a stain.  And, the whole Loras being interested in dresses, etc.. as well played off a lousy stereotype.  Not to be outdone by stereotypes is QoT implying that all straight men, at one time, must have done something with another guy.  Uh, no, that ain't true either.  Too bad they didn't give them better material.  Didn't like the drafting into the Kingsguard, either.But I suspect that QoT was not as outmaneuvered as it seemed.   I think there is still room for Willas -- a crippled son whose existence is not commonly known, or something similar.  Or perhaps some younger sister and a version of Dorne's law regarding female inheritance.  Because otherwise, the Lannister plan essentially amounts to swallowing House Tyrell, and why would the Tyrells agree to that?  They'd be better off abandoning the Lannisters.
4286	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-07	If they treat homosexuality in Westeros like is a big thing is because IT IS a big thing there. I don't think they would execute a lord for being gay, but the subject is surely discussed hardly, specially if such a lord is ever betrothed to some other Lord's daughter.
Tywin's inquires had a point, the same point QoT made when she asked about the incest: those are considered stains in Westeros and the rumors DO stain their House names (although incest is worst). Indeed, Loras is a desirable bachelor, but, isn't that impossible that when his family and some girl's family negotiate a marriage arrangement, the topic of him being able to produce heirs would be brought to the conversation in the same way his family would worry about the girl's fertility.
4287	ambi76	2013-05-07	Sure it could and that and all the other tacky changes re Loras (they can do the YMCA on the show for all I care now) don't bother me as much as the as of 3.6. implied almost inevitable extinction of the Tyrell name. Growing Strong? More like Wilting Fast.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 02:54 PM.
4288	Khalessi	2013-05-07	I hate what they have done to Loras's character, it seems like it just gets worse every week. The whole him being so into dresses and fashion seemed ridiculous. I wish they would have played up him being an excellent swordsman instead, like they did with Jamie in the 1st season. It seems like a cheap sterotype that really doesn't belong in the GOT universe. It also makes little sense, seems like the only one in the whole realm that doesn't know he's gay is Sansa. Yet he was supised that guy in the last episode knew he was gay? I know it's probably won't happen, but I wish  in the next episode he would just go ahead and join the kings guard. Maybe then we could focus on him being a brave fighter, with at least some kind of hint that he misses Renly.
4289	Oakenfist	2013-05-07	I posted this in the episode discussion thread but it might be better here.So does Loras have brothers in the show? I thought Willas was mentioned by Olenna in one of the first episodes, but in their convo last episode Tywin mentions that Loras is the heir to highgarden but if he's made KG, that would make Marge heir.So why cut out the other brothers and make the Tyrells so close to extinction?
4290	ambi76	2013-05-07	That's the elephant in the room Oakenfist. And no they didn't mention Willas on the show. Olenna only mentioned Mace and her late husband Luthor.
4291	The Monkey	2013-05-07	Aye, this will be a mess. But let's brainwash, how can they write themselves out of this? Maybe word reaches them from Highgarden that Mace and his wife just had a new baby (male), thus allowing Loras to join the Kingsguard without Marg becoming the heir?
4292	Darryk	2013-05-07	Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think they've excluded the possibility of Loras having younger brothers? Willas and/or Garlan could always be introduced if needed, albeit as younger siblings (can't remember if Garlan is older or younger then Loras in the books).
4293	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	I dont think anyone could deny that the Olenna/Tywin conversation was beautifully acted, as well as included some good conversation pacing with the Queen of Thorns being as witty as ever,However, I am growing slightly tiresome of the Loras gay-bomb being dropped every episode. The audience has long identified Loras as homosexual, i didnt mind that the Loras/Renly relationship was only hinted at in the books, however it seems that everyone South of the Wall knows of Loras's sexual orientation. So what was your thoughts on the scene? and the portrayals of the Tyrells in general?Just to clear things before concluding, I am no way a purist, I love the shows, Love D & D and Georgie. I Just have certain qualms regarding the show, other than that, and maybe Aidan Gillens portrayal of Littlefinger annoy me, but other than that another superb episode !I agree entirely about Loras being made the gay-bomb every time.  It's salacious and beneath even HBO's standards.  The fact that so much is made of it is in itself homophobic, if you ask me.  I enjoyed the Olenna/Tywin scene, too, but I really agree with Loose Seal, below, about Olenna:Loras, one of the best fighters in the realm knows more about gowns and fringed sleeves than a girl who's been dreaming about being a fairytale princess ever since she was born. Cuz he's so gay amirite? Oh and he's so grossed out by women and oh he's promiscuous and gehhh. Shit's growing tiresome.I don't care much for Olenna anymore, they seem to be completely mssing the mark on what made her character so great in the books and trying way too hard to make her look witty. I was really looking forward to her scene with Tywin but it fell completely flat. The quill snapping at the end was so cheesy.Margaery is the only Tyrell they got right. She's not the same character as in the books, but she's still interesting.Yeah, book Olenna was much more blunt, ascerbic, not necessarily witty.  I also pictured her more as a harpy (in the traditional use of the word, not as relating to Astapor), maybe even with a 'dried up prune' twist to it, and not really attractive by any standards.  More sly, more sharply and dangerously cunning, not merely someone who 'outwits' Tyrion or Tywin in a verbal battle.
4294	The Monkey	2013-05-07	Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think they've excluded the possibility of Loras having younger brothers? Willas and/or Garlan could always be introduced if needed, albeit as younger siblings (can't remember if Garlan is older or younger then Loras in the books).They said Margaery would be the heir if Loras joined the Kingsguard. That means no younger brothers.
4295	Oakenfist	2013-05-07	Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think they've excluded the possibility of Loras having younger brothers? Willas and/or Garlan could always be introduced if needed, albeit as younger siblings (can't remember if Garlan is older or younger then Loras in the books).Except Tywin said last ep that if Loras is made KG then Marge becomes heir which only makes sense of Loras has no brothers since Highgarden doesn't follow Dornish succession.
4296	ambi76	2013-05-07	Yeah, The Monkey, that or what Former Lord of Winterfell said. All "perfect" if rather soap-opera-ish solutions. I would expect better of GOT but oh well, we'll take what we get.ETA: Oh wait, the Dornish succession solution doesn't work either, since that would have made Marg the heir in the first place, since she's older than Loras on the show. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 07 May 2013 - 03:25 PM.
4297	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	As if Olenna would just give in to his demands (which is also odd, because that's the second time she's just let the Lannisters roll over her).I enjoyed QoT vs. Tywin and I like that she is giving in given what we know about her and what she is up to - it just seems like a way to throw people off from her.  Sort of a "she talks a good game" kind of thing.I also just say ditto to the comments about the gay stereotypes. Tired, done and played out.  Loras is the Knight of Flowers and he's supposed to be a pretty bad dude that led the fight against Stannis' forces in Blackwater. He don't care about no fringed sleeves.
4298	Darryk	2013-05-07	Ah, I missed the significance of the Tywin line.
That does place Tyrells in a more precarious situation then they should be.
Let's be honest though, that's not even going to occur to the majority of TV viewers, so it's not like the show writers are going to be too bothered about that.
4299	Sniraga	2013-05-07	Except Tywin said last ep that if Loras is made KG then Marge becomes heir which only makes sense of Loras has no brothers since Highgarden doesn't follow Dornish succession.Well, perhaps D&D can make Highgarden to follow Dornish succession? It wouldn't be too huge a stretch, IMO, because the Tyrells seem quite "matriarchal" already, and Highgarden and Dorne are geographically close enough to each other. Or has someone said something in the show which would rule it out?
4300	iheartseverus	2013-05-07	Well, perhaps D&D can make Highgarden to follow Dornish succession? It wouldn't be too huge a stretch, IMO, because the Tyrells seem quite "matriarchal" already, and Highgarden and Dorne are geographically close enough to each other. Or has someone said something in the show which would rule it out?But if they followed Dornish succession, Margaery would already be the heir, not Loras, because she's older than he is.
4301	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	Well, perhaps D&D can make Highgarden to follow Dornish succession? It wouldn't be too huge a stretch, IMO, because the Tyrells seem quite "matriarchal" already, and Highgarden and Dorne are geographically close enough to each other. Or has someone said something in the show which would rule it out?That's what I was thinking, also. It's unlikely but it could happen, especially if D&D realised they made an error (if they did).
4302	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	If they treat homosexuality in Westeros like is a big thing is because IT IS a big thing there.But everyone hasn't treated it like a big thing.  It apparently is very widely known (which is where I think they made the error) that Loras is gay, yet he's cheered at tourneys, nobody has insulted him, etc..  It's inconsistent to now claim that it is a huge stain on a family, when it hasn't been treated that way to this point.
4303	Sniraga	2013-05-07	But if they followed Dornish succession, Margaery would already be the heir, not Loras, because she's older than he is.Ah, okay, so much for that, then. Only is it confirmed that Marge is older than Loras or are we just assuming that based on the actors' ages? (I'm basically grasping at straws here, just for fun.) /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
4304	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-07	Except Tywin said last ep that if Loras is made KG then Marge becomes heir which only makes sense of Loras has no brothers since Highgarden doesn't follow Dornish succession.That assumes that Tywin was correct.  We don't know that, yet.  Willas was a cripple, so it wouldn't take too much tweaking to make him someone that was believed to have died in a tourney or whatever, but survived as a cripple, and basically lives a hermetic life in Highgarden.  It may have been his wish for people to believe him dead, the family respected that, whatever, but he could be the reason QoT didn't seem as upset as she should have been.  And it would be somewhat soap opera-ish, but there is the groundwork of him being a cripple injured in a jousting accident, so it wouldn't be a whole cloth invention.The alternative is that the Tyrells are agreeing to be swallowed by the Lannisters, and that doesn't make much sense.
4305	Greatnails	2013-05-07	IMO D&D screwed up the Tyrell family :
No Mace yet and his mother openly rules the House,
QoT being witty instead of being a harpy (queen of THORNS !!),
No Garlan or  Willas (yes they are minor characters but enhanced the family and Willas' friendship with Oberyn was interesting),
Loras defined by his gayness instead of being an arrogant clichA knight who appears to be gay and romantic,
Tyrell family in a very tricky situation instead of being one of the house with the best situation in the books (at this point of the story)
I know they only want to introduce the most important characters but it totally ruined the Tyrells and lead to an incoherent situation.
					
					
							Edited by Greatnails, 07 May 2013 - 04:13 PM.
4306	Areo Speedwagon	2013-05-07	I didn't see the issue while watching the show, but reading this discussion, you guys are right in the mess they've (seemingly) caused themselves.
To me, Olenna got the best of Tywin in that exchange.  I think the very point of that whole scene was to get Tywin to say the words "Loras Tyrell" and "Kingsguard" in the same sentence, planting that idea in the audiences mind.  The fact that he does it as a threat makes Tywin confident, which suits Olenna, as maybe that's what they've had in mind all along.
Then maybe later (as Former Lord of Winterfell beat me to it), it will be revealed there is another, younger, male Tyrell.  Maybe they'll still use WIllas' story and say the accident that shattered his leg (in the books) actually killed him and they kept it secret.
I'm not saying that I think this will happen or that it's good.  I actually think, on the surface, it's rather stupid.   What do the Tyrell's have to gain form Loras being KG?  Maybe D&D know that Loras never got injured at the siege of Dragonstone and that Martin has something fairly epic planned for his return to KL in book 6, so they're shifting some things to make that payoff stronger.  Or maybe they know he does get horrifically injured, and they're just dealing with it now to leave more time for characters that do things later in the series.  
The characters all have to get introduced somehow.  And now into season 3, with dozens of characters, plain introductions might get lost on the viewers.  So having a twist introduction might actually be memorable.  Especially for a character that (99.99% sure) we'll never see in the show and that pretty much serves his purpose to the story merely by existing.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 07 May 2013 - 04:00 PM.
4307	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	I must be missing something. I've rewatched the Loras/Sansa convo like 3 times now and he mentions guests and food and tourneys....and only after seeing Sansa being like "oh...." he goes on to compliment her by saying "Oh and the bride of course....the most beautiful bride in the world" and then he describes a pretty brides dress for her.
I don't see how that is the same as "OMG!!! The best thing about weddings is how nice the dresses look!!!"
4308	Greatnails	2013-05-07	I don't see how that is the same as "OMG!!! The best thing about weddings is how nice the dresses look!!!"The problem is that Loras has been treated has a gay clichA since his first apperance in the show and his comment about the dress is another one.
					
					
							Edited by Greatnails, 07 May 2013 - 04:24 PM.
4309	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	I agree on the Loras point. I once argued on another thread that the show didn't define Renly by his sexuality, but it's become clear that they certainly have in Loras' case. When he started talking about the things he loved about weddings, and mentioned tournaments, I had a small hope that he would start talking about his passion for fighting and jousting. Sadly, this wasn't the case. Instead we got Loras the medieval fashionista with a penchant for fringe sleeves.Come on, HBO. Loras is an expert swordsman who just happens to be gay. That's it. You don't need to beat it into us that he's not into women. Oh, speaking of which- Why is Sansa the only one that seems oblivious to his sexuality?They don't have a way of showing her thought process, I guess. They need to get across that she's so naive, and optimistic. At this point she still wants a fairy tale, to the point that she is lying to herself about it.It's the only sensible reason I can see for making him such a stereotype. It adds nothing to his character. But they did a similar thing to Renly too. It's the real life tendency to base a person's identity around their sexuality, even if you are accepting of that sexuality, leaking into the show.Just my two cents.
4310	Khalessi	2013-05-07	The problem is that Loras has been treated has a gay clichA since his first apperance in the show and his comment about the dress is another one.Exactally. Instead of focusing on him being a very brave knight who was a great warrior and deeply devoted to Renly.We get nothing but cliches about how he likes fashion and another scene that I didn't like was him shaving Renly's chest. He's just really a one note character who's biggest defining personallity trait on the show seems to be that he's gay. Even the actor seems the play him as very obviously gay. Even when he had the more serious line about how awful the kings landing is, he almost delivers the line a litte sarcastically to Sansa
4311	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-07	The main thing I thought was off about the conversation is when it turned to the incest rumour. Tywin's solution to killing off the incest "lie" is to marry Cersei to a "sword swallower through and through"? Not very well thought out that one.
Playing the gay card I think is more about highlighting Sansa's naivete, everyone knows Loras is for the lads but poor, dim, naive Sansa who thought she was entering a match made for the songs. But I guess we'll see now that Sansa+Loras is out of the picture whether swordsman Loras comes to the fore.
In any case, in the context of the conversation, marriage negotiations, it's perfectly legitimate for Tywin to raise the subject, if he thinks it puts him at a negotiating advantage.
It seems the show can't do anything right: Blackfish isn't gay enough, Loras is far too gay.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 07 May 2013 - 04:57 PM.
4312	Winter's Prince	2013-05-07	So what's up with the snapping of the quill? Is Loras being inducted into KG?
4313	iheartseverus	2013-05-07	So what's up with the snapping of the quill? Is Loras being inducted into KG?No.  That was the point of the snapping of the quill.  Tywin said something like 'shall I sign this right now?'  (Meaning sign the document inducting Loras into the KG. ) When Olenna snapped the quill, she was conceding--in other words saying without words 'No, do not induct him into the KG, I will agree to the marriage with Cersei.'
4314	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	The problem is that Loras has been treated has a gay clichA since his first apperance in the show and his comment about the dress is another one.How is he describing a dress for her wedding a "gay cliche"? Men can't be descriptive? I thought he was supposed to be the stereotyped romantic knight?
4315	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	It seems the show can't do anything right: Blackfish isn't gay enough, Loras is far too gay.Isn't it just speculation that Blackfish is gay on the sole reason that he refused to marry? That's not convincing to me because Renly did marry Margaery, albeit for him there was much more at stake.And in the books Blackfish showed no stereotypical mannerisms that gay men are portrayed as. Then again, Renly and Loras didn't have much either and they're very much gay in the books, but still, I still say its a stretch to just assume Blackfish is.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 07 May 2013 - 06:50 PM.
4316	Khalessi	2013-05-07	Isn't it just speculation that Blackfish is gay on the sole reason that he refused to marry? That's not convincing to me because Renly did marry Margaery, albeit for him there was much more at stake.And in the books Blackfish showed no... damn how do I say this without offending... stereotypical mannerisms for gay men. Then again, neither did Renly and Loras and they're very much gay in the books, but still, I still say its a stretch to just assume Blackfish is.I agree, and even if he is why would they have to make him obviously gay.
4317	Demandred	2013-05-07	Yeah, GRRM is a lot more subtle in portraying homosexual characters than HBO seem to have been. It's like they've been trying to tick off a list of gay stereotypes and calling it a day. In the books, Loras is a formidable warrior that just happens to be gay but in the show, he's a gay formidable warrior. There's a difference. 
I admit, I laughed when Loras started talking about and describing Sansa's dress but I cringed at the same time. They're just too on the nose at times.
4318	Cormac- First of His Name	2013-05-07	The Tyrells are interesting. I think with such an extensive text, it makes sense to remove the older two Tyrell boys (and to move Mace's role off-screen). They really have not been essential to the books' narrative with the exception of Sansa and Willas' engagement, which can be transfered to Loras easily enough. Loras is an annoying character for certain. He is petulant and bratty mannered, seems to have forgotten Renly completely, and his warrior chops are forgotten completely. 
While it is a departure from the book, I like the Queen of Thorns as more witty rather than just crotchety. To me the power players can be defined in three categories: a) those with power because they were born into it (Cersei in particular and most nobles in general), /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> those who have power because they were clever enough to obtain it (Varys and Littlefinger), and c) those who were born into power but have increased it by being clever (QoT and Tywin). 
My biggest problem with the Tywin/Olenna scene is that she has no reason to agree to Tywin's demands. Putting aside for a moment the question of whether or not Tywin can appoint Loras to the King's Guard, the Tyrells have the largest army in the Seven Kingdoms and half the food. All she had to do was tell Tywin to screw off and march the whole army back to Highgarden.
4319	Greatnails	2013-05-07	How is he describing a dress for her wedding a "gay cliche"? Men can't be descriptive? I thought he was supposed to be the stereotyped romantic knight?Gay people being interessed in fashion is a common clichA, even if I agree men can like fashion/describe their bride wedding dress without being gay. But added to the other clichAs (jumping into the first gay person you met, the shaving party (with one armpit still unshaved, poor Renly /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) ) it's too much. I think a stereotyped romantic knight would be more comfortable with women, IMO Loras not portrayed in this regard.EDIT : Loras being so incomfortable with Sansa makes no sense if he's heir to Highgarden : he must know that he'll have to marry since he's a child, he had plenty of time to get over it, no ?
					
					
							Edited by Greatnails, 07 May 2013 - 09:40 PM.
4320	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	correct me if I am wrong but arent Tywin's actions also leading to the end of house Lannister?  Jamie is in the KG and he has essentially disowned Tyrion.  Cersei being married off will preclude her from getting the Rock.  Soooooo
knowing Kevan gets it, perhaps Lancel?
4321	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	Of course it just occurred to me that the T-O scene was completely pointless, Tywin has already stopped the Tyrells plans by marrying Tyrion to Sansa.  He even stated last week that it could be done without a public problem with the Tyrells.  This week he essentialy throws an insult in the Tyrell's face for the less important Cersei marriage, which could easily be suited by some other match for Cersei.  One without the potential insult to the Tyrells.
4322	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	EDIT : Loras being so incomfortable with Sansa makes no sense if he's heir to Highgarden : he must know that he'll have to marry since he's a child, he had plenty of time to get over it, no ?Actually that's another less subtle stereotype being used, I think. Uncomfortable around her when she fauning over him... but turn the topic to dream weddings and suddenly they're besties. The gay friend of a woman trope being played.They seriously need to change how they write Loras.
4323	alexislalas	2013-05-07	Loras is supposed to be this great knight and warrior, cocky and fearless. With the last couple of episodes he's portrayed as just another useless highborn lord.
4324	ambi76	2013-05-08	correct me if I am wrong but arent Tywin's actions also leading to the end of house Lannister?  Jamie is in the KG and he has essentially disowned Tyrion.  Cersei being married off will preclude her from getting the Rock.  SooooooWell in the books he of course counts on being able to bribe the Highsepton to get Jaime out of the kingsguard. (To which Jaime says: No but no. Thanks.)knowing Kevan gets it, perhaps Lancel?Well Kevan and Lancel still have the name Lannister at least. We seem supposed to believe that (Olenna), Mace, Marg and Loras are the only Tyrells in Westeros on the show.Like I said before they could (and probably will have to) invent a younger brother of Mace later (he hasn't any brothers just uncles and sisters in the books).
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 08 May 2013 - 01:59 AM.
4325	ambi76	2013-05-08	Loras is supposed to be this great knight and warrior, cocky and fearless. With the last couple of episodes he's portrayed as just another useless highborn lord.Snort. Yeah, you could say we saw Loras from the perspective of Littlefinger this season. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
4326	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-08	Gay people being interessed in fashion is a common clichA, even if I agree men can like fashion/describe their bride wedding dress without being gay. But added to the other clichAs (jumping into the first gay person you met, the shaving party (with one armpit still unshaved, poor Renly /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) ) it's too much.I think a stereotyped romantic knight would be more comfortable with women, IMO Loras not portrayed in this regard.EDIT : Loras being so incomfortable with Sansa makes no sense if he's heir to Highgarden : he must know that he'll have to marry since he's a child, he had plenty of time to get over it, no ?I'm still having a hard time being convinced that the scene with Sansa is a portrayal of his as a gay cliche rather than him just being uncomfortable with the marriage and not knowing how to deal with this obviously enamoured girl. It really seems like a lot of people are reading too far into it. Although...I do agree that the scenes with Renly were.....a bit of a "BAM GUESS WHO'S GAY!!!"....and that that may not have been the original intention of the books. But...I don't understand the complaints. Its not like seeing more of his gay private side is detrimental to his character.
4327	Weeping Sore	2013-05-08	If we're discussing the Tyrells, in S3, let's not forget how great the QoT and Margaery have been, largely with new material.Also, It's a shame a pivotal Margaery/Loras scene was cut from S2:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KEU_D6D7Je8Essentially, Loras in full despair/depression after Renly's murder, and Margaery sympathizing but then exhorting him to suck it up and play the game for team Tyrell.I don't know if it was cut for time, or if having a pure Tyrell scene seemed out of place (maybe their intentions are supposed to be in question) You'll notice there have been zero Tyrell scenes that don't include other characters.As for Loras, I agree he has been poorly written this season, but maybe he'll turn it around by confronting Brienne for Renly's murder.
4328	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	If we're discussing the Tyrells, in S3, let's not forget how great the QoT and Margaery have been, largely with new material.Also, It's a shame a pivotal Margaery/Loras scene was cut from S2:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KEU_D6D7Je8Yeah, I think that scene would have basically wiped out most of the criticisms.  And, it shows that the writers actually got it.  They just ran out of screentime to devote this much to a minor character.Well, as a consolation, the fact that it made it to HBO and we get a full season -- in this case two -- per book is amazing in itself, and pretty much more than we could ever have hoped for.
4329	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	correct me if I am wrong but arent Tywin's actions also leading to the end of house Lannister?  Jamie is in the KG and he has essentially disowned Tyrion.  Cersei being married off will preclude her from getting the Rock.  Sooooooknowing Kevan gets it, perhaps Lancel?No, because any children Margaery and Joffrey have will be Lannisters, and can inherit Casterly Rock.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 May 2013 - 10:48 AM.
4330	Oakenfist	2013-05-08	No, because any children Margaery and Joffrey have will be Lannisters, and can inherit Casterly Rock.Joffrey is officially a Baratheon.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 08 May 2013 - 11:05 AM.
4331	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-08	Joffery is officially a Baratheon.True enough.But, the Baratheons as a family are essentially on the outs.  Robert's brothers both "betrayed" him, you don't see any stags among his retainers, and KL is full of lions and Lannisters.  So even if Joffrey has the name, there's still the sense that the Lannister side actually controls the throne.
4332	The Monkey	2013-05-08	Yeah, The Monkey, that or what Former Lord of Winterfell said. All "perfect" if rather soap-opera-ish solutions. I would expect better of GOT but oh well, we'll take what we get.ETA: Oh wait, the Dornish succession solution doesn't work either, since that would have made Marg the heir in the first place, since she's older than Loras on the show. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Here's a crackpot twist... Margaery convinces Joffrey to legitimize a bastard half-brother of hers, making him next in line after Loras. Loras can thus join the Kingsguard and avoid the Cersei marriage, without Margaery becoming the heir to Highgarden. What do you think?
4333	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	The problem is that Loras has been treated has a gay clichA since his first apperance in the show and his comment about the dress is another one.Maybe they're trying to portray him as someone who doesn't know how to talk with girls and thought that saying things about dresses and stuff is a good topic for a date with a woman.BTW, know about clothes doesn't make a noble man a gay clichA: they DO know about fancy clothing.
4334	ShigellaSand	2013-05-08	It seems unlikely that Mace would be an only child, to me. My current fanwank is that Olenna was just stalling for time when she agreed to let Loras marry Cersei. If Tywin had signed the order then and there, there would be no going back on it afterwards. Now she'll have time to think about the options,  and she can always come back to say "Sorry, but my idiot son refuses to agree to the match, and he is the lord, after all, so what can an old woman do?" Then if Loras is inducted into the Kingsguard, well, Mace's brother/sister/niece/nephew becomees the heir. And maybe it's a big deal to Tywin whether a son or a nephew inherits, but to Olenna one grandson is as good as another...(Actually, my pet theory is that Loras will hear about the propsed match with Cersei, absolutely refuse to do it, and run off to Joffrey to volunteer for the Kingsguard. Because "no man can force another man to marry," as we've been told.)
4335	ambi76	2013-05-08	Here's a crackpot twist... Margaery convinces Joffrey to legitimize a bastard half-brother of hers, making him next in line after Loras. Loras can thus join the Kingsguard and avoid the Cersei marriage, without Margaery becoming the heir to Highgarden. What do you think?Brilliant... for the Guiding Light maybe.
4336	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	(Actually, my pet theory is that Loras will hear about the propsed match with Cersei, absolutely refuse to do it, and run off to Joffrey to volunteer for the Kingsguard. Because "no man can force another man to marry," as we've been told.)Loras has Maergery to ask Joffrey to do it: she can make him do anything she wants now.But I doubt it. Annoying as Cersei is, he could have asked her sister to help him as soon as the marriage with Sansa was announced or hinted. The Tyrells might have their own plans about this.
4337	The Monkey	2013-05-08	Brilliant... for the Guiding Light maybe.What's that?
4338	ambi76	2013-05-08	A popular US daily soap that ended in 2009 I think.
ETA: Kidding aside, ASOIAF/GOT has quite a bit of its own soapish elements (it's what mostly draws me to it, I have to confess) so maybe it won't be so bad.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 08 May 2013 - 12:38 PM.
4339	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	It's not that odd, though. Legitimize a bastard is what the Targaryens did and legitimize them to inherit something because there are no more available males (or any more children) is what Robb would be hinted to do in a few more episodes.
4340	The Fallen	2013-05-08	`  I know this was asked earlier, but how is it that Tywin can compel Loras to join the Kingsguard?
   The king or Hand can't force someone to join, especially the son of a Lord Paramount. Is this the show runners taking liberties?
   Initially, I thought that Loras had asked to join the Kingsguard after the Blackwater and Tywin was threatening to go through with it. (I'm referring to the show).
4341	ambi76	2013-05-09	Re: Loras the heir and the kingsguard business Finn Jones might have slipped up in an interview for UK TV.Blablabla last season Renly, Margaery, threesomes in sight and following up with (around 3:00): 
	Spoiler  "... and now he's married to a sicko/psycho(?) drunk." So yeah, an actual Loras/Cersei marriage looks less and less unlikely.
 Or maybe it's just grammar fail who knows.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 09 May 2013 - 03:21 AM.
4342	ShigellaSand	2013-05-09	I don't think that interview is necessarily a spoiler. He's probably just speaking about the situation as of what's been aired so far. At this point, it does look like Loras is going to be saddled with a psycho wife, and if that isn't going to happen, he's not going to give that away in an interview. That would ruin the twist (whatever it might be).
Also, there's been no mention of a Cersei/Loras wedding this season (based on the previews) so the engagement may well still be on as of the last episode, and then he won't know yet whether or not it actually happens next season.
So - it may or may not happen, but I wouldn't take that interview as proof of anything.
4343	ambi76	2013-05-09	Yes, of course. Totally with you there ShigellaSand. Like I said could also be just a case of mangled grammar (is=is going to be). But it's funny to speculate.
4344	Golden Lion	2013-05-09	I liked the scene, I was too fond of some fan reactions that Olenna 'won' the argument when it ended with her caving. I do hope Olenna will become a slightly more background character now and show loras and marg as more political figures in KL, so far it just seems like grandma tyrell pulls all the strings. Why is Sansa the only one that seems oblivious to his sexuality?Because Sansa is oblivious to everything. Thank the gods she's high born or she'd be dead by now.
4345	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-09	I liked the scene, I was too fond of some fan reactions that Olenna 'won' the argument when it ended with her caving.I do hope Olenna will become a slightly more background character now and show loras and marg as more political figures in KL, so far it just seems like grandma tyrell pulls all the strings.Because Sansa is oblivious to everything. Thank the gods she's high born or she'd be dead by now.If she wasn't highborn she wouldn't be so oblivious. But that is a debate for another place...
4346	LordStoneheart	2013-05-10	completely off topic, but this reminds me of the Loras they're portraying on the show.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=669gKsXn_6s
4347	boojam	2013-05-10	So what's up with the snapping of the quill? Is Loras being inducted into KG?Yeah, I wondered that too? A snapped quill could be an act of defiance , that's a trifle to Tywin who is not one to be out of quills!
4348	youdontsnowme	2013-05-10	All of this muddled, confusing, nonsense could have been avoided. All they had to do was introduce Willas, his reasons for not being present are perfectly fine. The man's crippled and thus remains in Highgarden, honestly, they wouldn't need to cast him, just have people talk about his actions occasionally. Some people might think that it's bad television for him not to show up, but to me it makes the world feel bigger and more alive. But no, now we've got Loras apparently being forced to join the Kingsguard? What the fuck is that. Also would Tywin be so stupid as to threaten conscripting the heir to Highgarden, you know, it's not like there his biggest and most powerful allies.
					
					
							Edited by youdontsnowme, 10 May 2013 - 07:56 AM.
4349	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	All of this muddled, confusing, nonsense could have been avoided. All they had to do was introduce Willas, his reasons for not being present are perfectly fine. The man's crippled and thus remains in Highgarden, honestly, they wouldn't need to cast him, just have people talk about his actions occasionally. Some people might think that it's bad television for him not to show up, but to me it makes the world feel bigger and more alive. But no, now we've got Loras apparently being forced to join the Kingsguard? What the fuck is that. Also would Tywin be so stupid as to threaten conscripting the heir to Highgarden, you know, it's not like there his biggest and most powerful allies.Exactly.And since the marriage doesn't take place, it would be no big deal that the heir to Highgarden is off screen.
4350	Weeping Sore	2013-05-10	All of this muddled, confusing, nonsense could have been avoided. All they had to do was introduce Willas, his reasons for not being present are perfectly fine. The man's crippled and thus remains in Highgarden, honestly, they wouldn't need to cast him, just have people talk about his actions occasionally. Some people might think that it's bad television for him not to show up, but to me it makes the world feel bigger and more alive. But no, now we've got Loras apparently being forced to join the Kingsguard? What the fuck is that. Also would Tywin be so stupid as to threaten conscripting the heir to Highgarden, you know, it's not like there his biggest and most powerful allies.What I liked about the Willas scenario, too was that it showed some growing maturity on Sansa's part.  Initially dissapointed that the QoT wasn't talking about Loras, Sansa came to think wistfully about her gentle, thoughtful crippled husband and the life they would have. You actually thought for a minute that she could be happy.
4351	Tyrion4President	2013-05-10	I dont think anyone could deny that the Olenna/Tywin conversation was beautifully acted, as well as included some good conversation pacing with the Queen of Thorns being as witty as ever,However, I am growing slightly tiresome of the Loras gay-bomb being dropped every episode. The audience has long identified Loras as homosexual, i didnt mind that the Loras/Renly relationship was only hinted at in the books, however it seems that everyone South of the Wall knows of Loras's sexual orientation. So what was your thoughts on the scene? and the portrayals of the Tyrells in general?Just to clear things before concluding, I am no way a purist, I love the shows, Love D & D and Georgie. I Just have certain qualms regarding the show, other than that, and maybe Aidan Gillens portrayal of Littlefinger annoy me, but other than that another superb episode !everyone knows except Sansa /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4352	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-10	Loras is a dumb shit in the books, I don't see why people care about him so much and are all like 'ooh homophobia.'They would also be Baratheons so no Tyrells anywhere anymore, that's the issue.I have no qualms with this outcome. No more Tyrells would be the greatest change the show makers could make imo.That said, they would be Lannisters.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 10 May 2013 - 05:30 PM.
4353	ambi76	2013-05-11	I have no qualms with this outcome. No more Tyrells would be the greatest change the show makers could make imo.That said, they would be Lannisters.Genetically Lannisters but by name Baratheons, and the potential Renly/Marg babies which we were talking about there would be Baratheons full stop.And it's fine that you personally want the Tyrells extinct and might be even fine that D&D want them extinct for their show, but some kind of explanation for this storywise would be nice anyway. (Because like it or not as of ASOS/ASOIAF it doesn't make sense.)
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 11 May 2013 - 03:35 AM.
4354	Greatnails	2013-05-11	Tywin says something like "The Tyrell name will fade". Does that mean that's there are no more uncles, sisters and cousins of Mace ? Like, only 5 Tyrells (if Alerie exists) ? No Garth the Gross /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Because if they do exist, Mace just has to name a male of his family as heir. That's a shitty situation compare to the book, but way better than just go to extinction.
4355	Kushluk of Skagos	2013-05-12	I agree, I'm also very annoyed with how they continue to portray Loras.  I find it really insulting at times.  It's like they have a list of every gay male stereotype they could think of and have decided to use all of them.  There's not much blatant homophobia in the books, so that's a sharp change as well.  It's all really frustrating.This is the correct opinion. I would also add 'poor writing' and 'homophobic' and 'ridiculous' to your frustrating.
					
					
							Edited by Kushluk of Skagos, 12 May 2013 - 12:11 AM.
4356	Ser Bonham of Eire	2013-05-08	One line in particular struck me in this episode and it linked up with something I noticed a few episodes back and that was concerning "Boy" knowing that the stark children are alive. it was mentioned once before under the dreadfort before ramsays semi reveal and in this episode he said "wouldn't that be a hunt to remember.
I think it is now very possible that those two storylines could come together with Ramsay and theon heading of north to hunt down Bran and Co.
This would flesh out brans story for next season perhaps and give a reason for including theon this early, Bran's story is very stale at the moment and needs something to change to give it life I think this could be it. 
It might also lead to the splitting of Rickon and Osha and Bran and the reeds
What does anyone think, I think if it was done it wouldn't be the worst move as it wouldn't change anything dramatic but might provide Theon with a redemptive moment when he saves them or something..
Thoughts???
4357	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-10	I'm glad someone agrees. I posted in a few other threads about the idea that Ramsay hunts for the Stark boys, given that the Boltons need the Stark heirs dead to solidify their claim to Winterfell. It also gives Bran and Rickon a reason to split up, and adds a sense of dread and urgency to Bran's arc. Plus, it makes Ramsay even more sinister without having to add more torture scenes. If they do this, and then reveal his identity at the same time as the Red Wedding, the reveal of his identity can potentially be rewarding, rather than an afterthought.
4358	Nezzer	2013-05-11	It's a great idea, but I don't think there's enough time for that. Bran is arriving at the Nightfort in episode 10 already, and Ramsay and Theon are said to be in only two more episodes, probably 7 and 10. I hope that's not true, so we could have the hunt in episode 8 or 9, as well as a Ramsay/Theon scene in episode 10 to wrap the season.
4359	Dove	2013-05-11	I don't know if they'll do it but I wish they would, it would be an easy way to build Ramsay further as a Bad Dude without having more potentially repetitive Theon scenes. The sight of him and his "girls" off on a hunt would cement him as memorable pretty quickly.I've seen a few people bring up distance, as in it would strain credulity if Ramsay catches up to them too quickly since they've been traveling for a while - that shouldn't be too big of a factor. They (and GRRM at times, honestly) play fast-and-loose with travel times/distance all the time and Bran and co. are moving a lot slower than a mounted hunting party anyway.Then again we know it would be an interprise doomed to failure since we already know where Bran and Rickon's at by ADWD, so it might give Ramsay kind of a Darkstar Effect if his first notable action besides torturing a guy is failing to capture a group of children(one crippled, one under the age of ten)/a wildling/Hodor.
4360	tito5601	2013-05-11	ill give something bran to do since so far he hasnt been doing much this season, having the bolton chase him could play a huge part in the next season since this one is ending soon
4361	go joff go	2013-05-11	i could see the adding scenes where ramsey convinces the nightwatch to let them search north of the wall. i think it would be more of a season four storyline. we could see theon being treated like dirt along the way
4362	Rob with one B	2013-04-29	Based on Tywin's announcements to Tyrion and Cersei in "Kissed By Fire", and judging by the official synopsis already posted ("Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters."), I strongly believe that Tyrion and Sansa's wedding will take place in "The Climb". After the cliffhanger in "Kissed By Fire", there doesn't seem to me to be any point in holding off.
Which leads us to contemplate the order of the next two weddings. The episode synopsis for "Second Sons" tells us "King's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together." Naturally, this would suggest that the Tyrion-Sansa wedding would take place this episode, but based on what I've written above, I can't believe that there would be such a gap between Tywin's ultimatum and Tyrion's wedding.
Instead, I believe that "Second Sons" will show the wedding of Joffrey and Margaery. Now, does this mean that it will be the Purple Wedding and we will see Joffrey's death? I don't think so, as "Second Sons" takes place before "The Rains of Castamere" (and I think we can all agree, this WILL be the episode with the Red Wedding). I'm open to the possibility that we may see Joffrey die at his wedding in "Second Sons" to give the audience a rise before bringing them crashing down again in "The Rains of Castamere", but I doubt it.
What I believe we will see instead in "Second Sons" will be some sort of juxtaposition after the wedding between Tyrion and Sansa and Joffrey and Margaery, the latter two ending up in some sort of situation that finally drives the Tyrells to assassinate Joffrey. It's already been suggested here that Joffrey will order some sort of celebration after he hears of the Red Wedding. It's my belief that Joffrey will die in "Mhysa" at this celebration, exultant and triumphant, and then will die writhing and choking on the floor before all his court, a fitting end.
4363	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-29	I was hoping for PW to happen this season, but its going to happen next.
T+S will happen in Second Sons, this coming episode "The Climb" will probably feature Tyrion talking to Shae about it...
4364	Effie	2013-04-29	I agree, the T+S wedding might be episode 7 and we have episode 6 for the arrangements, Tyrion talking to Shae, Sansa talking to the Tyrells and being miserable, etc.
In the books this wedding and the PW were quite some time apart, which makes me believe the PW will be next season. I think we will get some awkward married couple life from Tyrion and Sansa before they are drawn apart again.
I am wondering though what reason they will give to wait with the planned Cersei/Loras wedding. Of course he won't be able to marry her once he's in the KG, but that doesn't happen until after the PW, right? Or will Cersei use this to suggest him for the KW in the first place? (I don't quite remember from the books)
					
					
							Edited by Effie, 29 April 2013 - 09:53 AM.
4365	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-29	No, Loras became Kingsguard right after Blackwater in the books, if I recall correctly.  He joined the KG to protect Margaery from Joffrey, also to acquiesce himself from the duty of marriage due to being gay.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 29 April 2013 - 09:24 AM.
4366	Hand of the Kingslayer	2013-04-29	Yeah PW definitely not until at least mid-way through season 4. They still haven't cast the Red Viper yet as far as we know, and it a'int a royal wedding without the Martels. I haven't even heard if Mace Tyrell is planned to show up at all this season. i'd imagine he would like to be at his daughter's wedding. 
In any case, i wonder how they plan on handling this Cersei/Lorras proposal. I'd imagine that the only way out is getting Loras into the KG, but how will Cersei manage that? She'll have to convince her dickhead son. Might be a good awkward conversation.
4367	Kernest	2013-04-29	Yeah, I think that PW cannot happen until we meet the Red Viper, and if "Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters" is true, it could mean that they foil the Cersei/Loras marriage, perhaps by Loras joining the Kingsguard and someone (Tyrion probably /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ) suggests bringing the Martells to the fold via justice for Elia and her children as well as the Cersei marriage. I can't wait for those scenes, I really dislike Cersei as a character (like everyone else) so it'll be awesome-sauce all around.
4368	Tyryan Lannister	2013-04-29	Yeah, I think that PW cannot happen until we meet the Red Viper, and if "Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters" is true, it could mean that they foil the Cersei/Loras marriage, perhaps by Loras joining the Kingsguard and someone (Tyrion probably /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ) suggests bringing the Martells to the fold via justice for Elia and her children as well as the Cersei marriage. I can't wait for those scenes, I really dislike Cersei as a character (like everyone else) so it'll be awesome-sauce all around.Hmm... Cersei plots to rid herself of the marriage to Loras by getting him in the KG; Tywin is pissed that she went behind her back, so Tyrion suggests that Doran happens to have a young, unwed son in the person of Quentyn, and Tywin takes the bate...with the Viper arriving next season with Doran's reply dealing with something along the lines of "he's promised to another" without giving a reason why.
					
					
							Edited by Tyryan Lannister, 29 April 2013 - 12:54 PM.
4369	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-29	No, Loras became Kingsguard right after Blackwater in the books, if I recall correctly.  He joined the KG to protect Margaery from Joffrey, also to acquiesce himself from the duty of marriage due to being gay.well once he discovers he's to be married to Cersei I bet he joins the Kingsguard to get out of it
4370	LordStoneheart	2013-04-29	Yeah PW definitely not until at least mid-way through season 4. They still haven't cast the Red Viper yet as far as we know, and it a'int a royal wedding without the Martels. I haven't even heard if Mace Tyrell is planned to show up at all this season. i'd imagine he would like to be at his daughter's wedding.In any case, i wonder how they plan on handling this Cersei/Lorras proposal. I'd imagine that the only way out is getting Loras into the KG, but how will Cersei manage that? She'll have to convince her dickhead son. Might be a good awkward conversation.Yeah, I think that PW cannot happen until we meet the Red Viper, and if "Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters" is true, it could mean that they foil the Cersei/Loras marriage, perhaps by Loras joining the Kingsguard and someone (Tyrion probably /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ) suggests bringing the Martells to the fold via justice for Elia and her children as well as the Cersei marriage. I can't wait for those scenes, I really dislike Cersei as a character (like everyone else) so it'll be awesome-sauce all around.I've insisted before that they don't need Oberyn and Mace. If the best anyone can come up with is that he won't miss his daughters wedding or Oberyn is on the trial then that's not very convincing. The show is obviously alright with writing out characters and changing things. Oberyn is important for the trial but Mace adds nothing. There have already been small council meetings without them, which means they are effectively if not literally written out.I am very skeptical we'll see Joff's reckoning this season but...Based on Tywin's announcements to Tyrion and Cersei in "Kissed By Fire", and judging by the official synopsis already posted ("Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters."), I strongly believe that Tyrion and Sansa's wedding will take place in "The Climb". After the cliffhanger in "Kissed By Fire", there doesn't seem to me to be any point in holding off.Which leads us to contemplate the order of the next two weddings. The episode synopsis for "Second Sons" tells us "King's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together." Naturally, this would suggest that the Tyrion-Sansa wedding would take place this episode, but based on what I've written above, I can't believe that there would be such a gap between Tywin's ultimatum and Tyrion's wedding.Instead, I believe that "Second Sons" will show the wedding of Joffrey and Margaery. Now, does this mean that it will be the Purple Wedding and we will see Joffrey's death? I don't think so, as "Second Sons" takes place before "The Rains of Castamere" (and I think we can all agree, this WILL be the episode with the Red Wedding). I'm open to the possibility that we may see Joffrey die at his wedding in "Second Sons" to give the audience a rise before bringing them crashing down again in "The Rains of Castamere", but I doubt it.What I believe we will see instead in "Second Sons" will be some sort of juxtaposition after the wedding between Tyrion and Sansa and Joffrey and Margaery, the latter two ending up in some sort of situation that finally drives the Tyrells to assassinate Joffrey. It's already been suggested here that Joffrey will order some sort of celebration after he hears of the Red Wedding. It's my belief that Joffrey will die in "Mhysa" at this celebration, exultant and triumphant, and then will die writhing and choking on the floor before all his court, a fitting end.I believe it could be either this order, or else we have RW in Second Sons and the PW or just celebration in The Rains of Castamere, with the title being both a red herring for book readers, a reference to the aftermath and explaining what the song is about, and the fact that is was played a lot at the PW. Really hoping for either of these. Mace and Oberyn can wait. Mace could just not show up ever also. He really hasn't done anything in books of major importance
4371	JMJ	2013-04-29	They've at least mentioned Mace a bunch of times this season. I suppose they could figure something out by the time they adapt ADWD re: Mace on the Small Council.
As for Oberyn, IMO he is critical to the story line. I don't see why they would make up some other character fighting for Tyrion against the Mountain. And to add, the Sand Snakes appear likely to play a bigger role in TWOW and beyond. Why would they make up a different father for them when they have an amazing character in Oberyn already?
4372	Colonel Green	2013-04-29	Based on Tywin's announcements to Tyrion and Cersei in "Kissed By Fire", and judging by the official synopsis already posted ("Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters."), I strongly believe that Tyrion and Sansa's wedding will take place in "The Climb". After the cliffhanger in "Kissed By Fire", there doesn't seem to me to be any point in holding off.Which leads us to contemplate the order of the next two weddings. The episode synopsis for "Second Sons" tells us "King's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together." Naturally, this would suggest that the Tyrion-Sansa wedding would take place this episode, but based on what I've written above, I can't believe that there would be such a gap between Tywin's ultimatum and Tyrion's wedding.We already know that "Sansa frets about her prospects" in episode 7, so she's not getting married in episode 6.
4373	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	T+S happens in episode 8. Confirmed.
4374	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-29	So lame to have back to back episodes with weddings.
4375	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	One caveat: Last minute changes are possible e.g. the bear pit scene was moved to episode 7.
But episode 8 makes the most sense.
4376	Greyjoy67	2013-04-29	They'll have Oberyn (and Dorne) introduced in S4, and they'll have PW in S4, as well I'm sure of it. 
They obviously don't wanna introduce too many characters at once, but Dorne is the one kingdom they've not really explored yet so I can see it being next on the agenda.
4377	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	As for Oberyn, IMO he is critical to the story line. I don't see why they would make up some other character fighting for Tyrion against the Mountain. And to add, the Sand Snakes appear likely to play a bigger role in TWOW and beyond. Why would they make up a different father for them when they have an amazing character in Oberyn already?They could just use Bronn. Would be more emotional, and negates the need to cast another actor.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 06:38 AM.
4378	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-30	They could just use Bronn. Would be more emotional, and negates the need to cast another actor.*facepalm*
4379	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	*facepalm*OK, what's the issue here? They havent even mentioned Elia yet, so I'm not sure how effective it would be.
4380	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	OK, what's the issue here? They havent even mentioned Elia yet, so I'm not sure how effective it would be.The main issue is that it would create a snowball effect. They will probably consider that side of the story only in season 4, when we are well rid of Robb Stark and company. This is the main reason why we won't have PW in this season.This is TV. It is common in multiple season shows to have radically different plots being introduced in new seasons. It will detract the show, but, honestly, the source material already does that in books 4 and 5.
4381	King Tommen	2013-04-30	They've namechecked Mace Tyrell multiple times this season so it's inevitable that he will become part of the story next season.  If that's the case, I don't see how they don't have him around for the PW. He's a character that, if they wished to, they could have simply written out.  But since he's appearing, I would think that he'd be in King's Landing in order to attend his daughter's wedding.
I guess we can always find ways that the PW happens this season but the overwhelming evidence points to that not being the case.  The only thing you could possibly cling to is the fact that they are talking a lot about the upcoming royal wedding this season.  But when you're splitting the book up, some of the things you introduce aren't going to be resolved by the end of the season.  Yes, they're talking about the wedding but that's no different than the books where the betrothal, engagement and upcoming wedding is always in the conversation at King's Landing from the start of ASoS until when it takes place close to the end of the book.
4382	JMJ	2013-04-30	[size=4]They could just use Bronn. Would be more emotional, and negates the need to cast another actor.I'm not quite a book purist, but that would (a) change the story way too much - you're saying they will kill off Bronn? And to boot, there's no Sand Snake revenge desire? And (/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it would come off as lazy writing to have Bronn be the go-to trial by combat guy. We already got his sneaky tire out the armored guy strategy. Another Bronn fight would be dull, IMO.
4383	Fuse Prime	2013-04-30	I'm not quite a book purist, but that would (a) change the story way too much - you're saying they will kill off Bronn? And to boot, there's no Sand Snake revenge desire? And ( /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it would come off as lazy writing to have Bronn be the go-to trial by combat guy. We already got his sneaky tire out the armored guy strategy. Another Bronn fight would be dull, IMO.Sorry if my thoughts seem to jump around a lot haha.Who's to say Bronn doesn't play a bigger role later on in TWoW or ADoS?  They took time off with Theon, and Rickon & Osha, and Davos.  Yes, I know 2/3 of those characters (I consider R&O to be one "character") are POVs,  Yes, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater is just a sellsword, but he could perhaps become a player again.  If they do ultimately (which I personally do NOT think will happen) decide to kill off Bronn and NOT introduce Oberyn, then that will put to rest that Bronn will have any more impact on the story.  "It is known" that GRRM has told D&D certain themes concerning the main characters in the event that he dies before completing ASoIaF.  I like TV Bronn more than book Bronn, and I know a lot of my Unsullied friends put Bronn in their top 5 characters.  I will miss Bronn not being around for the next few seasons, but who knows what's going to happen.
4384	dttljs123	2013-04-30	They can't rush the Purple Wedding into season three, it will ruin alot of things down the line, for instance, Where is Oberyn Martell and the Dornishmen? The Red Viper needs to show and demand the justice for Elia, Aegon, and Rhaenys. The Mountain has just disappeared into the Seven Kingdoms, no real defined location in the show. The planning of strategic unions is going to be a failure, Tyrion will wed Sansa as he is supposed but no one wants Cersei so she will stay put. Tyrion will marry Sansa in Second Sons, the title fits because he is Tywin's second son.
4385	Logodnica	2013-04-30	...snip....In any case, i wonder how they plan on handling this Cersei/Lorras proposal. I'd imagine that the only way out is getting Loras into the KG, but how will Cersei manage that? She'll have to convince her dickhead son. Might be a good awkward conversation.I think we'll finally see Cersei do some effective manipulation of her son which will show that she is still a dangerous political player. She'll prob work into conversation how she'll be obedient to her father and marry again. Then watch how Joffrey goes bats$&) bc someone is doing something out of his control.
4386	Maelys	2013-04-30	I wonder if Bronn could replace Osmund (or another) Kettleblack?
I'd rather they didn't do this though.
4387	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	I admit, Bronn fighting for Tyrion did cross my mind as a possibility and I am ashamed of it.  That would be really bad.  The Red Viper is the best new character that has yet to be cast.  In fact, he's probably the only good character not yet revealed (excepting Manderly?), and certainly the only interesting one to come out of Dorne.
					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 30 April 2013 - 04:23 PM.
4388	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	They can't rush the Purple Wedding into season three, it will ruin alot of things down the line, for instance, Where is Oberyn Martell and the Dornishmen? The Red Viper needs to show and demand the justice for Elia, Aegon, and Rhaenys. The Mountain has just disappeared into the Seven Kingdoms, no real defined location in the show. The planning of strategic unions is going to be a failure, Tyrion will wed Sansa as he is supposed but no one wants Cersei so she will stay put. Tyrion will marry Sansa in Second Sons, the title fits because he is Tywin's second son.Why can't this happen if, lets just say, the PW is end of season or end of episode nine? He could come to King's Landing to fill one of two vacant small council seats. Think about it this way. Tyrion will be on trial and Varys disappears during this time. That's two seats open. Mace and Oberyn, if they even need to be introduced this early. If S4 starts with Tyrion being in a cell for the murder, Oberyn could still be introduced by seeking him out, introducing himself (in a sense, since they've met when Tyrion was an infant), tell Tyrion why he wants to fight for him, and by episode five be killed. Based on the fact that a lot of Oberyn's scenes are already too late to cast, even his betrothal to Cercei in strictly book terms, he does not have much else besides fighting for Tyrion. He's not on the small council this season whereas in the book he's been in it and been talked about for a while now.They've at least mentioned Mace a bunch of times this season. I suppose they could figure something out by the time they adapt ADWD re: Mace on the Small Council.Also, if you're going to use the logic that Mace has to be introduced because they keep mentioning him, you also have to accept or respect the argument/speculation that the PW will happen sooner rather than later because it's really the only plot point in King's Landing. Almost literally the only talked about plot point besides Sansa's marriage prospects and possible escape with Littlefinger. There's been almost nothing else mentioned besides the wedding. It's the only thing they really have Olenna talk about.I honestly won't be convinced either way at this point... I'm just going to watch the arguments about it until it does or does not happen. It's actually pretty entertaining.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 30 April 2013 - 07:09 PM.
4389	Tyryan Lannister	2013-04-30	They've namechecked Mace Tyrell multiple times this season so it's inevitable that he will become part of the story next season.  If that's the case, I don't see how they don't have him around for the PW. He's a character that, if they wished to, they could have simply written out.  But since he's appearing, I would think that he'd be in King's Landing in order to attend his daughter's wedding.I guess we can always find ways that the PW happens this season but the overwhelming evidence points to that not being the case.  The only thing you could possibly cling to is the fact that they are talking a lot about the upcoming royal wedding this season.  But when you're splitting the book up, some of the things you introduce aren't going to be resolved by the end of the season.  Yes, they're talking about the wedding but that's no different than the books where the betrothal, engagement and upcoming wedding is always in the conversation at King's Landing from the start of ASoS until when it takes place close to the end of the book.Exactly.  And season 4 is going to focus on the up and coming trial, Sansa's journey to the Eyrie, and the aftermath of the RW.  The PW is likely going to open the season (ie Episode 1) or be Episode 3, after they've spent 1&2 reintroducing the storylines and getting the new characters and storylines in place, like they did with this season
4390	Q the Cat	2013-04-30	I tend to agree and expect the PW to happen in Season 4.  It's one too many weddings to squeeze into the last half of this season.
Think about it 3 weddings in 4 or 5 episodes?  No, not even a day time soap opera would do that.
4391	Q the Cat	2013-04-30	I have had a theory that T+S will happen in episode 7, primarily due to its title "The Bear and the Maiden Fair".
Yes, I know this title has us all thinking about Brienne in Harrenhall.  However, D&D have given us titles that are double entendre before.   Episode 4 is one such example.  "Kissed By Fire" obviously refers to Ygritte (& Jon), but could also be a reference to Beric Dondarion's sword.   
So, we'll see what happens.  I'm hoping it *is* in episode 7 because that's the one that GRRM wrote.
4392	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-30	I don't care what anybody says. If the Red Viper is left out I will be pissed.
4393	King Tommen	2013-04-30	I have had a theory that T+S will happen in episode 7, primarily due to its title "The Bear and the Maiden Fair".Yes, I know this title has us all thinking about Brienne in Harrenhall.  However, D&D have given us titles that are double entendre before.   Episode 4 is one such example.  "Kissed By Fire" obviously refers to Ygritte (& Jon), but could also be a reference to Beric Dondarion's sword.  So, we'll see what happens.  I'm hoping it *is* in episode 7 because that's the one that GRRM wrote.Right from the synopsis for Episode 8: "King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together."So unless you have the PW happening before the RW (a massive, massive deviation) or you know of another wedding taking place in King's Landing, Tyrion/Sansa is in E8.
4394	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	Right from the synopsis for Episode 8: "King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together."So unless you have the PW happening before the RW (a massive, massive deviation) or you know of another wedding taking place in King's Landing, Tyrion/Sansa is in E8.I have a feeling those synopses could be false to throw people off. Just because they know book fans and probably a lot of nonbook fans will be searching for spoilers. Frankly I think the lack of knowledge we have of some events is quite telling also and not just a sign they won't happen.
4395	King Tommen	2013-04-30	I have a feeling those synopses could be false to throw people off. Just because they know book fans and probably a lot of nonbook fans will be searching for spoilers. Frankly I think the lack of knowledge we have of some events is quite telling also and not just a sign they won't happen.They don't write the synopses to "throw people off", they put them there to tell you general high level plot points of an episode.  They are essentially spoilers for book fans especially since they can extrapolate much more meaning from those lines than others would because of our knowledge of events. There has never been one released for this show that contains a line that has not come to pass.You aren't really supposed to read them until the most recent episode has taken place, but fans on the internet are spoiler-whores and can't help themselves.  That's when it's happening.  There's no trick, believe me.
4396	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	They don't write the synopses to "throw people off", they put them there to tell you general high level plot points of an episode.  They are essentially spoilers for book fans especially since they can extrapolate much more meaning from those lines than others would because of our knowledge of events. There has never been one released for this show that contains a line that has not come to pass.You aren't really supposed to read them until the most recent episode has taken place, but fans on the internet are spoiler-whores and can't help themselves.  That's when it's happening.  There's no trick, believe me.Are you saying there's no possiblity it could be misleading? The end of Ep 5 sounds just like the first line of the synopsis of Ep 6. It really wouldn't surprise me that they would deliberately mislead. Like you said, fans on the internet are spoiler-whores. Don't you think the producers know that? Would you put it past them to try and throw the audience off? I have a feeling that if Ep 9 really is the RW, the synopsis is not going to match what the episode says, otherwise that's too much of a giveaway on their part. Yes, spoilers for it exists elsewhere, but not directly from the show. D&D never really talk about the RW, they've only hinted that season three is where they want to get to because of a big moment.Also, this might be a little bit too far for a TV show, but I could see them filming fake scenes to really throw people off. scene just real enough to make sure its enough of a surprise.
4397	King Tommen	2013-04-30	The Sansa/Tyrion wedding is not a surprise (Tyrion was told about it in E5 for crying out loud).  Why would they try and fool anyone as to what episode it takes place in? That makes absolutely no sense.
You're right in saying that they are going to try and downplay the RW but you're still going to see a line about in the E9 synopsis (it will assuredly be something very nondescript like "Robb and Catleyn arrive at the Twins to meet the Frey's" or "Robb and Catelyn attend Edmure's wedding").  But they're not going to outright lie about what happens in the synopsis.
The E8 synopsis says in black and white that King's Landing hosts a wedding.  That means there will be a wedding in King's Landing in that episode.  You can twist yourself in knots to try and find a way to say that this doesn't refer to Tyrion and Sansa but there is no other valid option really.
We already got confirmation as far back as last Fall on WiC.net (who are always 100% with their reports) that the Tyrion/Sansa wedding would be taking place in E8.  They certainly could have moved scenes back or forward an episode or two but the Tyrion/Sansa wedding is not just one scene, you'd be cannibalizing a good part of an episode to move it out of there.  And any faint hope that it could still happen was put to rest when they released the synopsis that says it in no uncertain terms.
I appreciate you have a theory because of an Episode title but it's not based on anything other than that. Perhaps if part of your theory hinges on the fact that the producers may have filmed a bunch of fake scenes for an event that's they're not trying to keep a secret is a good indication that the theory isn't really solid.
4398	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	Always 100%? That seems a bit unlikely, but maybe... I don't visit the site a lot.And I still insist that a synopis does not have to be true to what might happen. More than likely it will but is there a reason we should take it to be completely true with no question? They have already been secretive with the "Boy" character, five episodes in and still no *official* confirmation even though fans figured it out long before. They want to keep things secret. Why can't this include lying with a synopsis or fake scenes for leaks?Stuff like that isn't exactly unheard of in television. Dallas did it, and the Simpsons did it (though I guess that doesn't count since they were parodying when Dallas did it.)I'm just saying, why not be skepitcal of the synopsis? Or why just assume they're true?I do really want all three weddings to be this season, I'm starting to lean more towards PW in S4, but I'm open to all evidence. I've read almost all of it and I don't think there's a good conclusive answer yet.
4399	King Tommen	2013-04-30	Putting aside everything else, there has never in the history of the show over the course of 2.5 seasons been an episode that has not had every single line of the synopsis take place in the episode it has described.  So what you are suggesting would be something they would never have done before and it would be done so as to blatantly lie about which episode an event that everyone knows about will occur.  I have no idea why they would go to so much trouble in order to make people think an event which is not a surprise is going to happen in one episode if they were putting it in another episode.
I don't know what the Ramsay plotline has to do with this debate. Of course they're being secretive about it, it's a secret that they don't want revealed until closer to the RW.  That's why any description (official or unofficial) of Iwan Rheon is purposely vague.  Tyrion marrying Sansa is not a secret, they've already revealed it's happening to the audience in the last episode so there is absolutely no need for subterfuge.
And if you want to believe that the PW is happening this season, you can do so (although I think you're going to be severely disappointed on that count as well).  Whether Sansa or Tyrion get married in E7 or E8 doesn't really impact that speculation.  I would think the very real fact that the RW is in E9 is probably your biggest impediment to having this theory be borne out. Sansa/Tyrion's episode placement is fairly irrelevant in comparison.  Are you suggesting they're putting the RW in E8? Because that would be outright insanity.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 30 April 2013 - 11:57 PM.
4400	Q the Cat	2013-05-01	I wasn't aware of the wic.net report that T+S happens in episode 8.   And I just read the westeros.org guide which does explain why you are so convinced that T+S happens in episode 8.  Nevertheless, it's still possible.   Especially since some of the episodes' names were changed in the recent weeks - certainly after the wic.net report, I'd wager.
4401	King Tommen	2013-05-01	Well the WiC.net report was back in August or September (when S3 was being filmed) so I'm fairly certain the episode name changes that took place a few weeks ago were not because of that.  What happens when they are in the final editing stages and putting together the completed episodes is that they may feel like they have to shuffle a scene here and there to a different episode for timing or flow or whatever.  What it appears happened for E7 (which is the episode GRRM wrote) is that they altered the title three times before settling on "The Bear and the Maiden Fair".  GRRM gave away the whole thing when he announced at that time on his blog that he lost a title but he gained a bear (he used lots of exclamation points indicating his excitement level). This was an indication that they had moved the Bear Pit scene to his episode and hence the title change.
I will say that even in the cases where a change like this has occurred, the synopses have changed as well to be accurate.  For example, they must have moved Arya's first scenes with the BwB from the 1st episode to the 2nd.  The original synopses for the first five episodes came out a few weeks ahead of the start of the season and for E1, one of the parts stated "Arya meets the Brotherhood without Banners".  Then a couple weeks before the season started (after some changes had been made), the synopses came out again with the same description moved to E2, which is when we first saw Arya appear.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 01 May 2013 - 12:29 AM.
4402	LordStoneheart	2013-05-01	I'm sorry, but how is the RW not a surprise? The show is for those who haven't read the book too, and not everyone looks up spoilers.And looking at the other season episode blurbs, they're intentionally vague. That's not exactly untrue, but that means they do try to mislead while hinting around. For instance "Jon proves himself to Qhorin." That isn't exactly "Jon kills Qhorin to infiltrate the Wildlings."  It's also a little bit untrue because Jon never really 'proves' himself to Qhorin other than having the ability to realize it was a ruse. If we want to interpret the Second Sons outside of the box, King's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together doesn't necessarily mean 'the wedding is theirs, therefore they will spend their first night together.' It could mean we have the PW and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night in a cell being accused of murder, which would be a drastic change but there have been many others already so I wouldn't discount it. Or alternatively it could mean that they spend the night together beforehand because they're at this point already married, and then the PW commences. Thus, throwing the spoiler-reading audience off.I don't know why you find it so hard to believe that a television crew could or would lie about things, especially when at the end of the day the network execs are in this for the money; they're not in it to appeal to book fans.Either way, based on the synopses we do have it appears there is reshuffling of material that's not exactly like the books. I'm not clinging to the belief that the PW will be in S4, I'm keeping an open mind about the information we do have and trying to see what may not be clear intentionally.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 01 May 2013 - 12:59 AM.
4403	King Tommen	2013-05-01	I never said anything about the RW being anything but a surprise. Of course it is, that's why we haven't even seen the synopsis of E9 yet.  The description will be very vague and nondescript but it will be very clear to book readers about what is going to happen.
It's even more clear when we read the synopsis for E8.  Unless you honestly believe that the show will screw around with one of the most important timelines that occurs in the books (the PW happening after the RW), then a wedding taking place in King's Landing in E8 can only be referring to Tyrion and Sansa's.
I have no idea why you're saying on one hand that the "network execs" are in it for the money, not to appeal to book fans and then saying that there is some grand conspiracy in place to somehow "fool" the book fans into thinking a known (and not surprise) event like Tyrion and Sansa's wedding is happening in a different episode than they're saying it is.
If they don't give a shit about the book fans, why bother going to the trouble of hiding what's going to happen?
4404	Q the Cat	2013-05-01	Do you know what the original title of GRRM's episode was?
I'm glad he got the bear - that's going to be an excellent scene.  
For what it's worth, the reason I thought perhaps T+S would happen in that episode is strictly that Tyrion is a bit of a bear, more teddy bear than grizzly, but bear nonetheless.  And of course Sansa is a maid.  Either way, we are most certainly getting a wedding in 7 or 8 - perhaps it starts in 7 and the wedding ends in 8.  We'll be finding out on May 12th.
Now I'm back to reading more Dunk & Egg ....  /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />
4405	JonDunn	2013-05-01	First title was 'Autumn Storms' then 'Chains'.
4406	Q the Cat	2013-05-01	First title was 'Autumn Storms' then 'Chains'.Thanks.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4407	Q the Cat	2013-05-01	Speaking of weddings, I'm thinking Margaery is the reason Loras gets his white cloak.  The HBO Margaery has more influence over Joffrey than the book Margaery (at least as I interpretted her).
4408	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Speaking of weddings, I'm thinking Margaery is the reason Loras gets his white cloak.  The HBO Margaery has more influence over Joffrey than the book Margaery (at least as I interpretted her).What is Show Margarey's motivation to deep six her own house's plot and deny Loras Winterfell?
4409	Q the Cat	2013-05-01	I see two compelling reasons:
1.) She is fully aware of her brother's sexual orientation and wants him to be happy.
2.) She needs him in KL to protect her from Joff.
Also, in the show - this is Tywin's plot, not the Tyrell's.
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 01 May 2013 - 10:12 AM.
4410	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-01	I see two compelling reasons:1.) She is fully aware of her brother's sexual orientation and wants him to be happy.2.) She needs him in KL to protect her from Joff.Also, in the show - this is Tywin's plot, not the Tyrell's.I think you misunderstood '96Buck's comment. What reason does Margarey have to put Loras in the KG when she and the QoT said to Sansa's face they want her to marry Loras. They have no idea about Tywin's plot to marry Tyrion to her YET. They are still unaware of it.Now, once they realize what is happening and Sansa has been married to Tyrion then I could see the possibility of Margarey wanting Loras in the KG. On second thought it still kinda doesnt make sense because he is the heir of Highgarden in the show so none of the Tyrell's would jeopardize that.I am thinking he gets put in the KG after they have rejected Tywin's offer for Cersei to marry Loras. Tywin does it / tells Joffrey to so that he shows that he is still in control and not to give an inch to the QoT. The show has them standing off it seems when QoT breaks his quill.Maybe he does it because he really loves that quill. It's possible
4411	LordStoneheart	2013-05-01	I never said anything about the RW being anything but a surprise. Of course it is, that's why we haven't even seen the synopsis of E9 yet.  The description will be very vague and nondescript but it will be very clear to book readers about what is going to happen.It's even more clear when we read the synopsis for E8.  Unless you honestly believe that the show will screw around with one of the most important timelines that occurs in the books (the PW happening after the RW), then a wedding taking place in King's Landing in E8 can only be referring to Tyrion and Sansa's.I have no idea why you're saying on one hand that the "network execs" are in it for the money, not to appeal to book fans and then saying that there is some grand conspiracy in place to somehow "fool" the book fans into thinking a known (and not surprise) event like Tyrion and Sansa's wedding is happening in a different episode than they're saying it is.If they don't give a shit about the book fans, why bother going to the trouble of hiding what's going to happen?I don't think there's a fucking conspiracy, I'm just not taking the spoilers to be completely true when it's possible they're not. I don't take everything I read on the internet to be a fucking fact without some skepticism. If you can't get it through your head that sometimes some people in this world tend to lie or mislead about things I have nothing else to say to you except that if you give me your credit card information and social security number I can get you inside information on how to win the lottery.
4412	King Tommen	2013-05-01	Just to be clear, episode synopses are not "spoilers", they are the descriptions of the episodes released by the show to tell the audience a very high level listing of the events set to take place in the episode.  They're the details that show up on the TV guide listing or when you press "Info" on your remote when looking at an episode.  They aren't just for internet-only viewing, it's an official, HBO-sanctioned description of the episode.  Some of the descriptions might be a little cheeky or vague but they don't lie.  If they say that a wedding takes place in King's Landing that episode, then that's what will happen.
Book readers treat them as spoilers because they can infer much more information from these little pieces than the general audience.  So that's why you treat them differently than some kind of second or third hand report leaked onto the internet.
I'm not trying to be mean here.  It's just that I don't think you're fully comprehending where we as fans can truly find information about events set to take place on the show.  This is one of the ways that we can confirm some of the other theories that are out there in terms of when things happen.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 01 May 2013 - 11:50 AM.
4413	Kernest	2013-05-01	I don't think there's a fucking conspiracy, I'm just not taking the spoilers to be completely true when it's possible they're not. I don't take everything I read on the internet to be a fucking fact without some skepticism. If you can't get it through your head that sometimes some people in this world tend to lie or mislead about things I have nothing else to say to you except that if you give me your credit card information and social security number I can get you inside information on how to win the lottery.Lets just Occam's Razor this thing: The synopsis says some events happen in a particular episode, therefore the said events happen in that episode. Done.I was kind of envisioning something very cruel for Sansa, meaning that she wouldn't know that she's marrying Tyrion until Loras comes to pick her up to go to her wedding, wearing the white cloak of kingsguard. I have nothing against Sansa, but I have nothing to say in her defense either, so let her suffer /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Too bad this is unlikely to happen. Maybe it's just as good when they're getting her a new robe and Cersei rubs it in her face...
4414	King Cheops	2013-05-01	Here's the synopsis for Baelor according to IMDb:Robb goes to war against the Lannisters. Jon finds himself struggling on deciding if his place is with Robb or the Night's Watch. Drogo has fallen ill from a fresh battle wound. Daenerys is desperate to save him.Production kept pretty tight wraps on spoilers about Poor Dead Ned so I'm not sure why people think that it is impossible for PW this season based on HBO synopses.
4415	Arkash	2013-05-01	Because it hasnt leaked from set. Such a huge event should have leaked if shot... look at RW ou GW...
4416	King Tommen	2013-05-01	If PW happens (high unlikely but for argument's sake), it would be in E10 since the RW is in E9.  They haven't released the synopsis for either E9 or E10 yet so there are no clues that can be derived from that yet.
And for Baelor, the spoiler for book fans was in the episode title (just like this season's E9 title "The Rains of Castamere" is your dead giveaway), you don't need to say much more than that really.
4417	Q the Cat	2013-05-01	I think you misunderstood '96Buck's comment. What reason does Margarey have to put Loras in the KG when she and the QoT said to Sansa's face they want her to marry Loras. They have no idea about Tywin's plot to marry Tyrion to her YET. They are still unaware of it.I didn't misunderstand '96Buck's comment, which isn't a comment.  It's a question.  Which I answered - perhaps not the best answer.  It's challenging to 'predict' the show after reading the books.  I know why/how Loras achieves a white cloak based on the book.  It's tricky to address all of the intrigues of GRRM without all of the characters to pull it off.Now, once they realize what is happening and Sansa has been married to Tyrion then I could see the possibility of Margarey wanting Loras in the KG. On second thought it still kinda doesnt make sense because he is the heir of Highgarden in the show so none of the Tyrell's would jeopardize that.I am thinking he gets put in the KG after they have rejected Tywin's offer for Cersei to marry Loras. Tywin does it / tells Joffrey to so that he shows that he is still in control and not to give an inch to the QoT. The show has them standing off it seems when QoT breaks his quill.Maybe he does it because he really loves that quill. It's possibleI like your theory of appointing Loras as a 'pay back' for rejecting the Cersei offer.  But, where did you read about the quill???
4418	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-02	I like your theory of appointing Loras as a 'pay back' for rejecting the Cersei offer.  But, where did you read about the quill???It wasn't what I read, it was what I saw in a preview for the next episode.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ItUyT9FpLXwFor some reason I could not find the full thing showing that it is Olenna at 0:28 breaking the quill. I did find this image of her holding it though: http://www.westeros....lery/Entry/9632So, of course it was really a joke about the quill but you never know.The more I thought about the "payback" theory of putting Loras in KG, the more I leaned towards it actually being Cersei be the one responsible for the act. But I can't put anything past Tywin. Since they have changed things from the book it makes for interesting theories regarding the timing of Loras in the KG.
4419	FacelessSnow	2013-05-02	I think this is how its going to play out:
-QoT furiously speaks to Tywin about rejecting the Cersei & Loras offer (she wouldn't want his influence and presence in Highgarden)
-Tywin subtly threatens her family and Margery perhaps alluding to Elia & Rhaegar (gotta start bringing in Dorne)
-QoT and Margery manipulate Joffrey to appoint Loras in response to said threats
-some interesting Tywin and Cersei dialogue on the Tyrells influence, Tyrion recommends bringing in the Martells to balance out the Tyrell growing power, one of them can marry Cersei and inviting them to the wedding in good faith
I doubt Cersei will be the one to put Loras on KG, at this point in the show she has no power over Joffrey and having her manipulate him to this would counterbalance her power arc.  Also, I don't believe Obryn is actually married besides his paramour so even he could be the new potential husband.
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 02 May 2013 - 11:46 AM.
4420	Kernest	2013-05-02	I think this is how its going to play out:-QoT furiously speaks to Tywin about rejecting the Cersei & Loras offer (she wouldn't want his influence and presence in Highgarden)-Tywin subtly threatens her family and Margery perhaps alluding to Elia & Rhaegar (gotta start bringing in Dorne)-QoT and Margery manipulate Joffrey to appoint Loras in response to said threats-some interesting Tywin and Cersei dialogue on the Tyrells influence, Tyrion recommends bringing in the Martells to balance out the Tyrell growing power, one of them can marry Cersei and inviting them to the wedding in good faithI doubt Cersei will be the one to put Loras on KG, at this point in the show she has no power over Joffrey and having her manipulate him to this would counterbalance her power arc.  Also, I don't believe Obryn is actually married besides his paramour so even he could be the new potential husband.Exactly, Oberyn isn't married, right out of the books. Though he (or was it his paramour, whose name I don't remember) remarks how horny it get him (or her, I really need to re-read the series...) thinking about Cersei in their bed, their being Oberyn and the paramour.I do hope your predictions are at least somewhat correct, because that's what I want to see.
4421	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-02	I think this is how its going to play out:-QoT furiously speaks to Tywin about rejecting the Cersei & Loras offer (she wouldn't want his influence and presence in Highgarden)-Tywin subtly threatens her family and Margery perhaps alluding to Elia & Rhaegar (gotta start bringing in Dorne)-QoT and Margery manipulate Joffrey to appoint Loras in response to said threats-some interesting Tywin and Cersei dialogue on the Tyrells influence, Tyrion recommends bringing in the Martells to balance out the Tyrell growing power, one of them can marry Cersei and inviting them to the wedding in good faithI doubt Cersei will be the one to put Loras on KG, at this point in the show she has no power over Joffrey and having her manipulate him to this would counterbalance her power arc.  Also, I don't believe Obryn is actually married besides his paramour so even he could be the new potential husband.Ok...most of that makes sense except for the part about Margarey and QoT making Loras into KG. Why would they do that? He is the heir of Highgarden. And if they have so much sway over Joffrey then there is no need to put Loras in KG for him to protect Margarey.And I don't think Tywin would threaten one of his largest allies.  It would be unnecessary since the marriage of Cersei to Loras would bring the families closer but would not give Tywin much more power than he already has. He has more to lose from creating an enemy of the Tyrells by subtely threatening them than just getting back at them by putting Loras in the KG. Putting Loras in the KG can be masked as an "honor" while simultaneously robbing the Tyrells of the heir-apparent (which is what happened with Tywin and Jaime) while "threatening them" would just muck things up.And Tywin does not muck things up. Except for his relationships with his children...
					
					
							Edited by The Mighty Conch, 02 May 2013 - 12:22 PM.
4422	FacelessSnow	2013-05-02	Ok...most of that makes sense except for the part about Margarey and QoT making Loras into KG. Why would they do that? He is the heir of Highgarden. And if they have so much sway over Joffrey then there is no need to put Loras in KG for him to protect Margarey.To protect her from Tywin, not Joffrey.  At this point Tywin is beginning to see that the Tyrells are becoming a nuisance.  Loras is heir, but they havn't specifically said he's the only son, and us readers know he has brothers.  They could simply write it off in dialogue "Loras's younger brother will be heir now."  Tywin has nothing to gain by punishing the Tyrells through KG appointment, but Loras as a character does (no wife) and so do the Tyrells (can't force us he's KG now).  Plus, why would Tywin want MORE Tyrells huddled around Joffrey makes no sense.  It might not be a dangerous threat on Tywin's part but more of a remember whose in charge here kinda threat.Most importantly, this gives an excuse to introduce the Martells.  Tyrion can come in and say while you guys were off messing with the Tyrells, I securing another allegiance with Mycella (sticking it to Tywin about underestimating him) to help us balance power.  The audience starts to learn about the relationship between the Martells, Tyrells, and Lannisters (prelude to season 4) and it gives them a reason to come to KL.
4423	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-02	To protect her from Tywin, not Joffrey.  At this point Tywin is beginning to see that the Tyrells are becoming a nuisance.  Loras is heir, but they havn't specifically said he's the only son, and us readers know he has brothers.  They could simply write it off in dialogue "Loras's younger brother will be heir now."  Tywin has nothing to gain by punishing the Tyrells through KG appointment, but Loras as a character does (no wife) and so do the Tyrells (can't force us he's KG now).  Plus, why would Tywin want MORE Tyrells huddled around Joffrey makes no sense.  It might not be a dangerous threat on Tywin's part but more of a remember whose in charge here kinda threat.Most importantly, this gives an excuse to introduce the Martells.  Tyrion can come in and say while you guys were off messing with the Tyrells, I securing another allegiance with Mycella (sticking it to Tywin about underestimating him) to help us balance power.  The audience starts to learn about the relationship between the Martells, Tyrells, and Lannisters (prelude to season 4) and it gives them a reason to come to KL.I don't feel like Tywin feels threatened by the Tyrells since he is foiling their plot to marry Sansa off and basically offering up Cersei as a token. If anything the Tyrells would put Loras in the KG to protect Margarey from Cersei, not Tywin. If you remember Tywin did not show a great amount of care when Cersei told him that Margarey was controlling Joffrey. He said something like "Well at least someone is doing it"....Maybe Tywin thinks they are a nuisance but that doesn't really make it worth his while to kill the (soon to be) Queen.Loras won't even be put in the KG next episode anyways. Or at least I am fairly sure he won't. Who knows, maybe he chooses to do so of his own free will.
4424	Q the Cat	2013-05-03	I don't feel like Tywin feels threatened by the Tyrells since he is foiling their plot to marry Sansa off and basically offering up Cersei as a token. If anything the Tyrells would put Loras in the KG to protect Margarey from Cersei, not Tywin. If you remember Tywin did not show a great amount of care when Cersei told him that Margarey was controlling Joffrey. He said something like "Well at least someone is doing it"....Maybe Tywin thinks they are a nuisance but that doesn't really make it worth his while to kill the (soon to be) Queen.Loras won't even be put in the KG next episode anyways. Or at least I am fairly sure he won't. Who knows, maybe he chooses to do so of his own free will.Good points, Conch.  However, I don't believe Loras can appoint himself to the KG, can he?So, who whispers in Joff's ear to appoint Loras?  1.)  Tywin?2.) Margaery?3.) Cersei?We've all seen how show-Joff does not take orders and we've also seen how little he respects his mother.  My bet is that Margaery will make the subtle suggestion that puts Loras on the KG.  Her motive?  Well, once she and LadyO learn that Sansa is to marry Tyrion they will realize their plans to gain the north/Winterfell by wedding Loras to Sansa are dashed.  Now they believe the Lannisters will have the north/Winterfell.  Another question is, how will it benefit the Tyrells to bring Lannisters into Highgarden?  They've already merged the families by having Margaery in KL.  Wouldn't the Tyrell's want to 'diversify' and have Loras marry into another family?  Also, if Loras doesn't marry, wouldn't Margaery's heirs inherit Highgarden?
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 03 May 2013 - 12:17 AM.
4425	Jon Black	2013-05-03	I've always had a feeling that the RW will be put off until S$...until last week.  The name "Stark" carries so much weight on the TV show (and beyond) but I am pretty sure its coming in E9.
Still very interested in how they will split up this magnificent book and its events.
4426	Conchobar	2013-05-03	I've always had a feeling that the RW will be put off until S$...Season Dollar?? is that before or after Season 4?
4427	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-03	Good points, Conch.  However, I don't believe Loras can appoint himself to the KG, can he?So, who whispers in Joff's ear to appoint Loras?  1.)  Tywin?2.) Margaery?3.) Cersei?We've all seen how show-Joff does not take orders and we've also seen how little he respects his mother.  My bet is that Margaery will make the subtle suggestion that puts Loras on the KG.  Her motive?  Well, once she and LadyO learn that Sansa is to marry Tyrion they will realize their plans to gain the north/Winterfell by wedding Loras to Sansa are dashed.  Now they believe the Lannisters will have the north/Winterfell.  Another question is, how will it benefit the Tyrells to bring Lannisters into Highgarden?  They've already merged the families by having Margaery in KL.  Wouldn't the Tyrell's want to 'diversify' and have Loras marry into another family?  Also, if Loras doesn't marry, wouldn't Margaery's heirs inherit Highgarden?I don't think Margarey's heir would inherit unless the show has deviated from the book in that Loras and Margarey have NO siblings. Not even younger ones. It has been proposed on this site that they could just make Willas a younger sibling with just a couple lines of dialogue in the show.Unless some cousin of theirs tries to claim it and there are no younger siblings I think you are right that Margarey's heirs will be the ones to inherit it.You are right that Loras can't appoint himself. Which makes sense. And Margarey by far is the most influential person in Joffrey's ear but, maybe after the Tyrells figure out their plans have been ruined by the Lannisters and Loras takes it upon himself to go before the King and simply ask if he may be put into the KG. It is well known he is a good fighter, and a better knight than most of the KG currently. I think my theory makes the most sense if they make it aware in the show that Loras and margarey have a younger sibling which would mean Loras wouldn't be throwing his family into chaos by becoming a KG.I don't know. I just have a feeling that whatever happens that the QoT will not be the one to want Loras in the KG. But you guys make some good points.
4428	King Tommen	2013-05-03	I don't think Margarey's heir would inherit unless the show has deviated from the book in that Loras and Margarey have NO siblings. Not even younger ones. It has been proposed on this site that they could just make Willas a younger sibling with just a couple lines of dialogue in the show.Unless some cousin of theirs tries to claim it and there are no younger siblings I think you are right that Margarey's heirs will be the ones to inherit it.You are right that Loras can't appoint himself. Which makes sense. And Margarey by far is the most influential person in Joffrey's ear but, maybe after the Tyrells figure out their plans have been ruined by the Lannisters and Loras takes it upon himself to go before the King and simply ask if he may be put into the KG. It is well known he is a good fighter, and a better knight than most of the KG currently. I think my theory makes the most sense if they make it aware in the show that Loras and margarey have a younger sibling which would mean Loras wouldn't be throwing his family into chaos by becoming a KG.I don't know. I just have a feeling that whatever happens that the QoT will not be the one to want Loras in the KG. But you guys make some good points.Cogman said in his interview with Elio on this site that they've left themselves an out on the show to introduce a younger Tyrell sibling if they want to at a later date to be an heir but it's unclear which direction they'll go in at this point. It's the same thing they did with Shireen in S2.  They had Melisandre say that Stannis' wife had not produced any "heirs, only stillborns" which allowed them to introduce Shireen later if they wanted to but it wouldn't seem strange if they didn't.
4429	drstrangelove	2013-05-03	Good points, Conch.  However, I don't believe Loras can appoint himself to the KG, can he?So, who whispers in Joff's ear to appoint Loras?  1.)  Tywin?2.) Margaery?3.) Cersei?We've all seen how show-Joff does not take orders and we've also seen how little he respects his mother.  My bet is that Margaery will make the subtle suggestion that puts Loras on the KG.  Her motive?  Well, once she and LadyO learn that Sansa is to marry Tyrion they will realize their plans to gain the north/Winterfell by wedding Loras to Sansa are dashed.  Now they believe the Lannisters will have the north/Winterfell.  Another question is, how will it benefit the Tyrells to bring Lannisters into Highgarden?  They've already merged the families by having Margaery in KL.  Wouldn't the Tyrell's want to 'diversify' and have Loras marry into another family?  Also, if Loras doesn't marry, wouldn't Margaery's heirs inherit Highgarden? end of season two Joffrey accepts loras petition to join the kingsguard same sequence as joffrey accepts Margaerys hand.
4430	Kernest	2013-05-03	end of season two Joffrey accepts loras petition to join the kingsguard same sequence as joffrey accepts Margaerys hand.No he does not, re-watch it.
4431	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-03	end of season two Joffrey accepts loras petition to join the kingsguard same sequence as joffrey accepts Margaerys hand.In this clip he mentions nothing about himself becoming KG: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=6D12yco2TUc
4432	drstrangelove	2013-05-03	My apologies. Just rewatched. Definitely thought that occurred.
4433	Kernest	2013-05-03	My apologies. Just rewatched. Definitely thought that occurred.It does occur in the books ,which is why this is a somewhat common misconception. The detail of Loras becoming KG at that point was rather insignificant, but since they've decided to make Loras the only or at least the oldest Tyrell son and use him to marry Sansa instead of Willas, it's suddenly very important.
4434	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-03	It does occur in the books ,which is why this is a somewhat common misconception. The detail of Loras becoming KG at that point was rather insignificant, but since they've decided to make Loras the only or at least the oldest Tyrell son and use him to marry Sansa instead of Willas, it's suddenly very important.Which makes for wonderful thoughts and predictions on exactly how it will play out. I am pretty sure the consensus is that the Sansa-Tyrion wedding will not occur next episode, so I think that Loras being put into the KG will happen either same episode as wedding or later.Or...maybe it will be at the very end of this episode which leads the viewer into realizing that Sansa will most definitely be marrying Tyrion.
4435	Lord Martin	2013-05-03	I think we'll get weddings back to back to back.
Tyrions and Sansa in 8, RW in 9, PW in 10.
Here's my reasoning:
The royal wedding has been the focus of the entire KL plot line.  It would be really poor form not to have it for that very reason.  
Episode 10 is called Mhysa, clearly that's a reference to Dany.  But most show titles have multiple meanings.  Given that Joff reaches out for Cersei and her terrible reaction to his death... I think thats the double meaning.  
After the RW, most TV show fans will be howling like they did after Ned got it.  I think D&D know that they have to give the audience some sort of olive branch, some sign that evil people can die too.  The PW does just that.
As a practical matter, what about Jack Gleeson?  Is he going to come back for a 4th season just to do 1 or 2 episodes then die?  Doesn't make much sense to me.
Lastly, we don't need Mace Tyrell or the Red Viper for the Wedding.  We need them for Tyrion's trial.  My suspicion is that the season ends with Cersei accusing Tyrion and him being seized.
Season 4 will introduce the Martells and Mace.  We'll meet them in eps 1-3 while Tyrion is awaiting trial.  Then mid season will be the farcical trial as witness after witness lies about what they saw including shae.  Episode 7 or 8 will be the Red Viper vs. the Mountain and Tyrion will be freed at the very end.  
This also helps out w/ Sansa's story line.  She doesn't have to flee KL until the start of Season 4, which will start the night Joff dies.
4436	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-03	I think we'll get weddings back to back to back.Tyrions and Sansa in 8, RW in 9, PW in 10.Here's my reasoning:The royal wedding has been the focus of the entire KL plot line.  It would be really poor form not to have it for that very reason.  Episode 10 is called Mhysa, clearly that's a reference to Dany.  But most show titles have multiple meanings.  Given that Joff reaches out for Cersei and her terrible reaction to his death... I think thats the double meaning.  After the RW, most TV show fans will be howling like they did after Ned got it.  I think D&D know that they have to give the audience some sort of olive branch, some sign that evil people can die too.  The PW does just that.As a practical matter, what about Jack Gleeson?  Is he going to come back for a 4th season just to do 1 or 2 episodes then die?  Doesn't make much sense to me.Lastly, we don't need Mace Tyrell or the Red Viper for the Wedding.  We need them for Tyrion's trial.  My suspicion is that the season ends with Cersei accusing Tyrion and him being seized.Season 4 will introduce the Martells and Mace.  We'll meet them in eps 1-3 while Tyrion is awaiting trial.  Then mid season will be the farcical trial as witness after witness lies about what they saw including shae.  Episode 7 or 8 will be the Red Viper vs. the Mountain and Tyrion will be freed at the very end.  This also helps out w/ Sansa's story line.  She doesn't have to flee KL until the start of Season 4, which will start the night Joff dies.I really can't find any reason to not believe your thoughts. Except that weddings back to back to back seems....ruushed? maybe not ideal. Of course just because it is a wedding doesn't mean they have to spend an unreasonable amount of time on the ceremony.The RW is the one that will/should take up the most time. Or at least the events during/after. Of course the PW is very important but I dont think it needs its own episode which is why I like your double meaning for Mhysa.The last few episodes should be epic of this season if that is how it goes down.I do like that you threw in the Shae betrayal so that the TV audience understands the reason for... future events.
4437	teemo	2013-05-03	They could just use Bronn. Would be more emotional, and negates the need to cast another actor.NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
					
					
							Edited by schala, 03 May 2013 - 03:49 PM.
4438	Belacel	2013-05-03	I really can't find any reason to not believe your thoughts. Except that weddings back to back to back seems....ruushed? maybe not ideal. Of course just because it is a wedding doesn't mean they have to spend an unreasonable amount of time on the ceremony.The RW is the one that will/should take up the most time. Or at least the events during/after. Of course the PW is very important but I dont think it needs its own episode which is why I like your double meaning for Mhysa.The last few episodes should be epic of this season if that is how it goes down.I do like that you threw in the Shae betrayal so that the TV audience understands the reason for... future events.I like it. And it would fit also with the title of episode 7 second sons
					
					
							Edited by Belacel, 03 May 2013 - 03:54 PM.
4439	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-03	Yeah the reason why I like the PW as cliff hanger in E10 idea is that without it the King's Landing plot arc in this season has no real "arc" to it. 
We know how the Robb/Catelyn arc is in season 3, culminating in E9, we know how Dany's Arc goes, culminating in Yunkai and her first real military victory (Astapor was through treachery, not a real military campaign).  Arya's arc ends with her on the run with the Hound with no family to return to. Jon's arc ends with him back to the NW, and Bran's arc probably ends with meeting with Coldhands.  
But what does the KL arc go without the PW. After Tyrion's wedding, LF goes to the Vale, and, what exactly?   Seems like other than getting a reaction shot of people there to the RW, there is nothing happening in KL, just a bunch of dangling threads.
The PW brings all the threads to a proper climax.
4440	King Tommen	2013-05-03	In terms of there not being a proper "arc" to King's Landing without the PW, that's arguable.  But even if that's the case, you're splitting up a book, sometimes you aren't going to get perfect endings to every mini-story if you do so.  I think you can definitely leave a "to be continued" type feel to King's Landing, especially when the focus of E10 is going to be on a lot of the other stories.
If you put the PW in E10, it's going to be extremely rushed.  I'm not sure why people are wanting that to be the case.  They've split ASoS into 2 seasons so they can let the big events breathe on their own.  Why would you undermine that by cramming in a major event just so you can say "good, the PW arc for this season got closed off..., we did it, high five."
4441	Belacel	2013-05-03	Yeah the reason why I like the PW as cliff hanger in E10 idea is that without it the King's Landing plot arc in this season has no real "arc" to it. We know how the Robb/Catelyn arc is in season 3, culminating in E9, we know how Dany's Arc goes, culminating in Yunkai and her first real military victory (Astapor was through treachery, not a real military campaign).  Arya's arc ends with her on the run with the Hound with no family to return to. Jon's arc ends with him back to the NW, and Bran's arc probably ends with meeting with Coldhands.  But what does the KL arc go without the PW. After Tyrion's wedding, LF goes to the Vale, and, what exactly?   Seems like other than getting a reaction shot of people there to the RW, there is nothing happening in KL, just a bunch of dangling threads.The PW brings all the threads to a proper climax.And E10 Mysha features the fate of three mothers: Dany, Cat, Cersei
4442	Colonel Green	2013-05-03	Yeah the reason why I like the PW as cliff hanger in E10 idea is that without it the King's Landing plot arc in this season has no real "arc" to it.We know how the Robb/Catelyn arc is in season 3, culminating in E9, we know how Dany's Arc goes, culminating in Yunkai and her first real military victory (Astapor was through treachery, not a real military campaign).  Arya's arc ends with her on the run with the Hound with no family to return to. Jon's arc ends with him back to the NW, and Bran's arc probably ends with meeting with Coldhands.  But what does the KL arc go without the PW. After Tyrion's wedding, LF goes to the Vale, and, what exactly?   Seems like other than getting a reaction shot of people there to the RW, there is nothing happening in KL, just a bunch of dangling threads.The PW brings all the threads to a proper climax.The Sansa/Tyrion wedding in episode 8, coupled with some sort of resolution to the Cersei/Loras thing (perhaps in 9 or 10), would be a climax to a season of Tyrell v. Lannister jockeying.  Episode 8 is the big finale of King's Landing; episode 9 finishes off the Robb/Catelyn stuff; episode 10 would thus perform its usual coda function.  That's a perfectly fine dramatic structure, and there's no reason to rush the Purple Wedding and deprive the fourth season of major material when it's already going to have to stretch in places.The royal wedding has been the focus of the entire KL plot line.It's been the subject of conversation, but from all appearances the show has been shifting gears from episodes 4-8, so that won't really be true by the time you get to the end of the season.  And since they're splitting the book into two seasons, there will necessarily be things set up that don't pay off immediately.I think D&D know that they have to give the audience some sort of olive branchWhy?Moreover, things like Dany's plotline provide positive moments in the finale.As a practical matter, what about Jack Gleeson?  Is he going to come back for a 4th season just to do 1 or 2 episodes then die?  Doesn't make much sense to me.It wouldn't be a huge time commitment to film only a few episodes, particularly since Joffrey doesn't actually have a terribly big role in his own death.This also helps out w/ Sansa's story line.  She doesn't have to flee KL until the start of Season 4, which will start the night Joff dies.How does that help with Sansa's storyline?  If Joffrey's already dead, they'd have had to hurriedly set up a bunch of stuff just moments before.
					
					
							Edited by Colonel Green, 03 May 2013 - 04:43 PM.
4443	King Tommen	2013-05-03	The "Mysha" rationale is seriously stretching it.  The PW isn't about Cersei, it's about Tyrion and Joffrey.  Additionally, the episode titles do not need to have some kind of meaning in every storyline they cover off in the episode, usually there's one overt one (like for Dany) and maybe another one tangentially (Cat being awakened with the Kiss of life after Arya sees her through a Nymeria wolf dream is probably more appropriate).
I have yet to hear anyone give a solid reason for the PW happening this season outside of the fact that they want it to be so and then are trying to work backwards from that notion to try and fill in the logic holes that result from that desire.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 03 May 2013 - 04:41 PM.
4444	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-03	I just hope we get a glimpse of Nymeria.
I'm sick of the fact that through all of Arya's travel in the Riverlands the last 2 seasons they havent thrown us a single bone with a mention of a large wolf pack lead by a she-wolf.
4445	Q the Cat	2013-05-03	All of these ideas about threads and arcs make good sense, however I just can't get past the idea of that many wedding episodes in a row.T+S then RW then PW.  That seems like wedding overkill to me.  Although looking at the schedule - there is a 2 week gap between episodes 8 and 9, so maybe that's enough of a break to not seem like GoT is turning into The Wedding Channel.My wager is for no PW this season though.
4446	Arkash	2013-05-03	There will also be Lysa and Littlefinger's wedding down the line...
4447	Newstar	2013-05-03	My wager is for no PW this season though.If you're interested in an actual wager, I think lotun was taking bets in one of the threads on the General (GoT) board (the "How will Season 3 end?" one, I think).No matter which way it shakes out, a lot of fans will be eating crow (a feast of crow, if you will, as someone more clever than me put it), since there are people on both sides of the PW is in Season3/PW is in Season 4 argument swearing up and down that they're right.I was in the "PW is in Season 3" camp for a long time, but the further we get into Season 3 itself, the less and less convinced I am. These days, I'm content to stay on the sidelines with some popcorn while the Season 3 and Season 4 supporters battle it out. We'll all know soon enough, anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 May 2013 - 07:54 PM.
4448	LordStoneheart	2013-05-03	The three weddings in a row would be bad story telling argument doesn't sit with me also. While Sansa's wedding is much earlier in the book, that's still three major weddings to major characters or at least major events in the book. If you think three weddings in the show would be too much like a soap opera, that means the book also does.
Also, I think the Mhysa title, the Second Sons, and Castamere, all three of them can suggest the PW. that's actually pretty crazy how that is...
4449	Khalessi	2013-05-03	The three weddings in a row would be bad story telling argument doesn't sit with me also. While Sansa's wedding is much earlier in the book, that's still three major weddings to major characters or at least major events in the book. If you think three weddings in the show would be too much like a soap opera, that means the book also does.Also, I think the Mhysa title, the Second Sons, and Castamere, all three of them can suggest the PW. that's actually pretty crazy how that is...Can I just say I love your quote!
4450	LordStoneheart	2013-05-03	Can I just say I love your quote!Why, thank you.
4451	King Tommen	2013-05-03	I think the fact that they held off on having the Sansa/Tyrion wedding so early in the season (differing itself from the book timelines) and increasing its importance and scope is probably the best argument as to why they had decided to move the PW to the following season.
4452	LordStoneheart	2013-05-03	I think the fact that they held off on having the Sansa/Tyrion wedding so early in the season (differing itself from the book timelines) and increasing its importance and scope is probably the best argument as to why they had decided to move the PW to the following season.Or alternatively, so Sansa wouldn't be in a forced marriage with a man nearly twice her age for as long as in the books. Then again, Daenerys sorta was, but they had to officially age her up to make it okay with HBO
4453	TheDarkOne	2013-05-04	People saying the PW this season are doing so just to be annoying.
Hopefully the show producers will bypass it all together. Joff is to good a character to get rid of, and keeping him alive wouldn't hurt the plot. The love story between Joff and Sansa has been the best part of this season.
4454	Spring Snow	2013-05-04	The love story between Joff and Sansa has been the best part of this season.Sorry, the what now?If you're referring to Joffrey and Margaery, I think that's infatuation on his part and sheer ambition on her's. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4455	Sun	2013-05-04	Regarding PW status:; here are the summaries for eps 9 and 10:
	Spoiler  Episode 3.09 - The Rains of CastamereRobb presents himself to Walder Frey, and Edmure meets his bride. Jon faces his harshest test yet. Bran discovers a new gift. Daario and Jorah debate how to take Yunkai. House Frey joins with House Tully. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by David Nutter.) Playdates: June 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 8Episode 3.10 - MhysaJoffrey challenges Tywin. Bran tells a ghost story. In Dragonstone, mercy comes from strange quarters. Dany waits to see if she is a conqueror or a liberator. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by David Nutter.) Playdates: June 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 15
I think this ends the discussion, right?
4456	Newstar	2013-05-04	Regarding PW status:; here are the summaries for eps 9 and 10:
	Spoiler  Episode 3.09 - The Rains of CastamereRobb presents himself to Walder Frey, and Edmure meets his bride. Jon faces his harshest test yet. Bran discovers a new gift. Daario and Jorah debate how to take Yunkai. House Frey joins with House Tully. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by David Nutter.) Playdates: June 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 8Episode 3.10 - MhysaJoffrey challenges Tywin. Bran tells a ghost story. In Dragonstone, mercy comes from strange quarters. Dany waits to see if she is a conqueror or a liberator. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by David Nutter.) Playdates: June 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 15
I think this ends the discussion, right?Maybe. I think people will be arguing until the Ep 10 credits roll.We knew from some or other writer that Episode 9 is going to focus on a "smaller group of characters." Speculation beneath the spoiler cut:
	Spoiler I had been thinking 3x09 would cover strictly Red Wedding stuff: Arya, Cat and Robb's storylines. However, it looks like that isn't the case: 3x09 will also include Jon, Bran and Dany's storylines, at the very least....I do tend to think 3x09 will have very little KL material. I think 3x08 and 3x10 will be heavy on KL stuff. Sansa has at least two scenes in 3x10--the one with her outdoors wearing that gold ring from the 3x10 still, and the scene with Cersei and the jewelry box from the trailers--and Sansa only has more than one scene in big KL-centric episodes.
Speculation for 3x10:
	Spoiler While it seems increasingly unlikely that 3x10 will feature the Purple Wedding, it seems like it will set up the motive for the Purple Wedding. Right now, as of 3x05, Joffrey seems manageable: Margaery has him in hand, he even seems to be liking the idea of doing things that will make the people like him. I'm thinking that he also has a scene with Tywin in an upcoming episode--3x07, maybe?--where Tywin puts the fear of God into him; there was a scene shown in the making-of featurettes of Joffrey cowering on the throne with Tywin looming over him. Nor has there been any hint in Season 3 to date of Tyrion and Joffrey's antagonism; they haven't even had a scene together.Also, the first half of Season 3 has been all about Cersei's distrust and hatred of the Tyrells, especially their intentions towards Joffrey. If Joffrey were to die now, TV Cersei's first thought would not be to arrest Tyrion but to call for the Tyrells' heads. The show has to change that by playing up Tyrion and Joffrey's mutual dislike.So what I'm thinking is that towards the end of the season--in 3x08 and 3x10--Joffrey will do things that will set him up as a threat to various people. He'll probably act like an ass to Sansa at the Sansa/Tyrion wedding. I think the line "Everyone is mine to torment" from Joffrey is from Tyrion, Tywin, and Joffrey's post-RW conversation, which establishes him as a threat to both Sansa and Tyrion. It sounds as if Tyrion and Joffrey lock horns in this episode. It also sounds as if Joffrey challenges Tywin, showing him to be bold in a way he isn't earlier in the season. And in a change from the books, in 3x08 or 3x10 there will probably be a scene where Margaery tries to rein Joffrey in and he shrugs her off, hinting that the Tyrells are ultimately unable to control him as well.Even if the PW isn't in Episode 10, then, I expect we'll see in the wedding episode and in 3x10 hints that Joffrey needs to be taken down, that Tyrion is openly threatening and fighting with Joffrey, that no one can control him, and that he is very dangerous. Right now, as of 3x05, Joffrey seems like a pussycat, easily manipulated by Margaery and brought to heel. The show needs to turn that around.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 04 May 2013 - 09:30 AM.
4457	Q the Cat	2013-05-04	Maybe. I think people will be arguing until the Ep 10 credits roll.Speculation for 3x10:
	Spoiler 
That's a very good summary and you've captured my sentiments as well.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />i'm expecting we'll all be posting in here after the 3x10 credits roll.
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 04 May 2013 - 10:49 AM.
4458	Winter's Prince	2013-05-04	Well since the writers excluded Willas and Garlan, instead making Loras sole son of Highgarden I doubt he will join the Kingsguard. And in the books Tywin gave Cersei a choice either Balon or Willas, and she never chose either one. So what I think is they'll drag it out into Season 4 because with Joffery death Tywin was more concerned with that matter, and then when Tywin got killed Cersei did not have to chose anybody
4459	King Tommen	2013-05-04	Well since the writers excluded Willas and Garlan, instead making Loras sole son of Highgarden I doubt he will join the Kingsguard. And in the books Tywin gave Cersei a choice either Balon or Willas, and she never chose either one. So what I think is they'll drag it out into Season 4 because with Joffery death Tywin was more concerned with that matter, and then when Tywin got killed Cersei did not have to chose anybodyBryan Cogman has already clarified that they have made Loras the eldest brother but have left themselves the out to have another younger Tyrell sibling mentioned later that could be appointed the heir to Highgarden should Loras join the KG.
4460	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-05	Mace Tyrell, Randall Tarley and the Martells of Dorne have all been mentioned previously. 
I expect Tarly and Tyrell and at least Oberyn cast next season. 
Mace and Oberyn have important roles very soon. How could Mace possibly not be at his daughters' wedding, a wedding that he himself is said to be advocating by his own mother in the show. 
Oberyn has to be at the trial. He'll be there for the wedding as well; I'd put money on it.
Tarly is more important later on. Aside from being Sam's father, he is basically Tyrells general as well. I expect he arrives with Mace and Oberyn for the wedding but his role in the show will be similar to Roose Bolton's in season 2 and further develop the following season.
I wouldn't be surprised if the rest of the Martells are held out until season 5. Myrcella, of course, is in Dorne, Dorne and the Martells have been name-dropped many times throughout all of the seasons, and we book readers know all of the many important events that happen in regards to the Martells. Arianne, Quentyn and Areo Hotah are all pov's after all. 
 There's not a doubt in my mind that the PW happens in season 4 and not in season 3
4461	Winter's Prince	2013-05-05	Mace Tyrell, Randall Tarley and the Martells of Dorne have all been mentioned previously. I expect Tarly and Tyrell and at least Oberyn cast next season. Mace and Oberyn have important roles very soon. How could Mace possibly not be at his daughters' wedding, a wedding that he himself is said to be advocating by his own mother in the show. Oberyn has to be at the trial. He'll be there for the wedding as well; I'd put money on it.Tarly is more important later on. Aside from being Sam's father, he is basically Tyrells general as well. I expect he arrives with Mace and Oberyn for the wedding but his role in the show will be similar to Roose Bolton's in season 2 and further develop the following season.I wouldn't be surprised if the rest of the Martells are held out until season 5. Myrcella, of course, is in Dorne, Dorne and the Martells have been name-dropped many times throughout all of the seasons, and we book readers know all of the many important events that happen in regards to the Martells. Arianne, Quentyn and Areo Hotah are all pov's after all.  There's not a doubt in my mind that the PW happens in season 4 and not in season 3Exactly! Exactly! Exactly! That's what I been saying all along ain't no way their going have to deathly weddings in one season. Mace for sure aint going to miss the wedding
4462	DannySpud	2013-05-05	Hmm, at first I was 100% sure the PW wouldn't happen this season, but now I'm not so sure. I just looked up the chapters, in the books they are extremely close together, more so than I remembered. Plus Mel is probably going to do the crazy fire leech blood thing soon, it makes that more powerful if all three "results" happen within the same season.  Still, "Mhysa" obviously refers to Dany's storyline, and I doubt we'll get much Jon/Sam/Bran/Jamie/Theon in ep 9 so they've most likely got stuff to do in ep 10 as well, there probably won't be time. I think they need to save the PW for season 4, if only because after that there's not (IMO) a season's worth of content left in SoS.
4463	Q the Cat	2013-05-05	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> "Mhysa" refers to Dany's story line, and probably Cat's as well.  Someone earlier posted that it would also apply to Cersei and used that as an argument for the PW happening this season, but i think that's a stretch.
As i said earlier, 3 back to back weddings would turn GoT into The Wedding Channel.
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 05 May 2013 - 12:44 PM.
4464	King Cheops	2013-05-05	As i said earlier, 3 back to back weddings would turn GoT into The Wedding Channel.Last I checked not even TLC was televising 1) a shotgun wedding of a minor, 2) a massacre of the groom's family, or 3) the poisoning of the groom.  I think there's enough stuff happening at the weddings that all 3 won't be a bore.That said I've been "converted" to the season 4 camp purely because of number of episodes remaining.  As a whole most of the arguments against PW in season 3 are pretty weak.
4465	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Last I checked not even TLC was televising 1) a shotgun wedding of a minor, 2) a massacre of the groom's family, or 3) the poisoning of the groom.  I think there's enough stuff happening at the weddings that all 3 won't be a bore.That said I've been "converted" to the season 4 camp purely because of number of episodes remaining.  As a whole most of the arguments against PW in season 3 are pretty weak.For a while I thought they would actually pull it off but no Mace, no Oberyn kind of sells it being in Season 4.
4466	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-05	I am thinking he gets put in the KG after they have rejected Tywin's offer for Cersei to marry Loras. Tywin does it / tells Joffrey to so that he shows that he is still in control and not to give an inch to the QoT. The show has them standing off it seems when QoT breaks his quill.Maybe he does it because he really loves that quill. It's possibleBOOM. That just happened.I felt so proud of myself when Tywin declared he would put Loras in the KG if the QoT rejected the offer.
4467	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	BOOM. That just happened.I felt so proud of myself when Tywin declared he would put Loras in the KG if the QoT rejected the offer.Except the Queen of Thorns doesn't reject the offer...
4468	LordStoneheart	2013-05-06	For a while I thought they would actually pull it off but no Mace, no Oberyn kind of sells it being in Season 4.That's the weakest evidence in my opinion. The show doesn't need them until later when they're actually relevant. If PW is in this season, and by now my hopes are gone, I still insist Oberyn and Mace are not needed. Oberyn is needed for the aftermath and Mace... He's not even relevant up to book five. They're not in the small council meetings that have been shown and they were in the books so that tells you what the writers think of their importance.
4469	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Besides Oberyn, they also need to build Tyrion and Sansa's relationship and the increase in hostilities between Tyrion and Joffrey. So there simply isn't time for the PW to happen this season. I think E9 will leave a cliffhanger with the end of the RW and E10 will be the aftermath and allowing the audience to grieve. I think the end scene will be UnCat because I think the show will SHOW Thoros and Beric reviving her whereas that happened off the page in the book. Especially since they focused so much on reviving in this episode.
4470	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-06	Except the Queen of Thorns doesn't reject the offer...I was close enough...The important thing I got right was that Tywin threatened to put Loras in the KG. So the question will be now, will he ever enter the KG in the show?
4471	McShrek	2013-05-06	I'm pretty sure the PW will be in the first few episodes of season 4.
"Mhysa" refers to Dany as well as to Cat's "resurrection" which may very well be this season's cliffhanger.
4472	Tyrion4President	2013-05-06	OK, what's the issue here? They havent even mentioned Elia yet, so I'm not sure how effective it would be.because then you wont have Oberyn screaming "You raped her. You murdered her. You killed her children."
4473	stiff_pirates	2013-05-06	Yeah PW definitely not until at least mid-way through season 4. They still haven't cast the Red Viper yet as far as we know, and it a'int a royal wedding without the Martels. I haven't even heard if Mace Tyrell is planned to show up at all this season. i'd imagine he would like to be at his daughter's wedding.In any case, i wonder how they plan on handling this Cersei/Lorras proposal. I'd imagine that the only way out is getting Loras into the KG, but how will Cersei manage that? She'll have to convince her dickhead son. Might be a good awkward conversation.In the episode 'Loras to Kingsguard' issue is handled by Tywin. He uses it as a threat to QoT, assuming she'll approve of the proposal or else lose the heir of Highgarden to the KG (They've dismissed Loras and Margaery's other siblings from the show it seems). QoT basically rejects the proposal by snapping the quill and suggesting Tywin is a prick, so that's how Loras ends up in the KG
4474	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	That's the weakest evidence in my opinion. The show doesn't need them until later when they're actually relevant. If PW is in this season, and by now my hopes are gone, I still insist Oberyn and Mace are not needed. Oberyn is needed for the aftermath and Mace... He's not even relevant up to book five. They're not in the small council meetings that have been shown and they were in the books so that tells you what the writers think of their importance.Why the fuck would Mace Tyrell miss his daughter's wedding to become Queen of the Seven Kingdoms? Why would he and Oberyn decide to ride to KL after the wedding in enough time to be there for the entire trial? Why would anyone care about Oberyn if he has 1 conversation with Tyrion and then promptly dies?
4475	Buried Treasure	2013-05-07	The more I think of it the more I conclude that Tywin's threat to force Loras to join the KG does not make any sense. As the only son and heir to Highgarden his marriage should be even more important to the Tyrells than Margaery's - marrying her to a king raises the status of the Tyrells, marrying him well ensures the continued existance of the house. Lady Olenna holds all the cards (the armies and food supplies that the Lannisters need) and should not have put up with Tywins threat. Say no to the marriage to a woman in her 30's who has not quickened with child in the last 8 years of marriage (and thats the official, non-incest version) and call Tywin's bluff of depriving Highgarden of it's heir, and if tries to go through with it let him watch as the QoT takes both her grandchildren, and their armies and their supplies, out of the city.
4476	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-07	The more I think of it the more I conclude that Tywin's threat to force Loras to join the KG does not make any sense. As the only son and heir to Highgarden his marriage should be even more important to the Tyrells than Margaery's - marrying her to a king raises the status of the Tyrells, marrying him well ensures the continued existance of the house. Lady Olenna holds all the cards (the armies and food supplies that the Lannisters need) and should not have put up with Tywins threat. Say no to the marriage to a woman in her 30's who has not quickened with child in the last 8 years of marriage (and thats the official, non-incest version) and call Tywin's bluff of depriving Highgarden of it's heir, and if tries to go through with it let him watch as the QoT takes both her grandchildren, and their armies and their supplies, out of the city.What do you mean it doesn't make sense?? It. Just. Happened.Sure the QoT could withdraw her troops and her supplies but that would mean the marriage to Joffrey would be off and it would put all of their lives in danger. Not only from Tywin but from Joffrey.They are playing the "Game of Thrones" and there is no way Margarey or any other Tyrell could end up being a part of the Royal family without doing as Tywin wishes right now. Plus I am almost positive that their troops are not all in KL. They are out in the field somewhere or in some other castle. You wouldn't be able to leave with all your troops without members of your family dying or having your force decimated.Tywin was not bluffing. There was no reason for him to bluff.
4477	paddington	2013-05-07	They could show the RW/PW at the same time.  Would give both events a nice symmetry.  Robb and Joff dying at the same time.  Maybe Tyrion/Sansa wedding as well, get them all done and out of the way.
Could tie in nice as well with Mel/Gendry raise and fall of kings and the leeches in the fire.
4478	Buried Treasure	2013-05-07	What do you mean it doesn't make sense?? It. Just. Happened.Yeah, its what happened that doesn't make sense. The QoT capitutated far too easily, in the previous episode she owned Tyrion by pointing out all the ways the Lannisters need theTyrells but in this episode she totally forget all of those. She should have refused the marriage if she didn't want it, if Tywin wasn't bluffing about ordering Loras into the KG he is a fool - from a Tyrell perspective losing their heir to oaths is almost as bad as having him killed, Tywin can't afford to anger them that badly as he needs them too much.
4479	RedRum	2013-05-07	Yeah, its what happened that doesn't make sense. The QoT capitutated far too easilyGiven that it seems unlikely that Cersei and Loras will actually get married, she may have a plan B for blocking the union.
4480	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-08	Yeah, its what happened that doesn't make sense. The QoT capitutated far too easily, in the previous episode she owned Tyrion by pointing out all the ways the Lannisters need theTyrells but in this episode she totally forget all of those. She should have refused the marriage if she didn't want it, if Tywin wasn't bluffing about ordering Loras into the KG he is a fool - from a Tyrell perspective losing their heir to oaths is almost as bad as having him killed, Tywin can't afford to anger them that badly as he needs them too much.If you think about it, losing an heir to oaths is not as bad as him dying because the KG is seen as an honorable thing. If the Tyrells were to withdraw their support because Loras became a KG then no one would bat an eye when Tywin Lannister tries to destroy their army. The QoT needed to bend at that time because Tywin, unlike Tyrion, has the power to make Joffrey's marriage to Margarey not happen. Or worse. Have her executed. Margarey may have her claws into Joffrey but still he would listen to his Grandfather over her.He is not a fool because he holds all the cards. Little do the Tyrell's know but the war with Robb will soon be over. And after that only Stannis remains and his forces currently are not even worth mentioning. So currently he doesn't actually need the Tyrell forces and could just easily turn on them. And with their daughter in hand they have to keep the supplies coming into KL as well.I am not sure how Tywin was being foolish when he made that threat.Given all of that. Somehow the marriage of Loras and Cersei still probably won't happen for some reason.
4481	JMJ	2013-05-09	Yeah, its what happened that doesn't make sense. The QoT capitutated far too easily, in the previous episode she owned Tyrion by pointing out all the ways the Lannisters need theTyrells but in this episode she totally forget all of those. She should have refused the marriage if she didn't want it, if Tywin wasn't bluffing about ordering Loras into the KG he is a fool - from a Tyrell perspective losing their heir to oaths is almost as bad as having him killed, Tywin can't afford to anger them that badly as he needs them too much.The QOT's easy capitulation is what sets her up to participate in Joff's poisoning, or at least this is what it looks like the show's version of events is leading towards. It makes sense in terms of one-upping Tywin in addition to keeping the jerk Joff away from Margery. I suspect somewhere in that timeline Loras will still end up in the KG, perhaps on his own volition when he finds out he is to marry Cersei.
4482	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-09	The QOT's easy capitulation is what sets her up to participate in Joff's poisoning, or at least this is what it looks like the show's version of events is leading towards. It makes sense in terms of one-upping Tywin in addition to keeping the jerk Joff away from Margery. I suspect somewhere in that timeline Loras will still end up in the KG, perhaps on his own volition when he finds out he is to marry Cersei.I agree with this if what you are saying is that the QoT realizing Tywin can't win that easily then decides to poison Joff. Like right when she walked out of that room she knew she was gonna have to go to war with the Lannisters. Not openly though.
					
					
							Edited by The Mighty Conch, 09 May 2013 - 03:24 PM.
4483	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	3 weddings in a row? no I don't think so. I think they will draw it out until maybe half way through next season. we know quite a few things happen next season but there will not be as much as this season so I would understand if they smeared some things over like the PW and the battle at the wall, certainly the second battle which takes place on the north side of the Wall but also possibly the battle at Castle Black (which will be interesting since the TV show Wall has no stairs only the winch /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />)
4484	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-10	3 weddings in a row? no I don't think so. I think they will draw it out until maybe half way through next season. we know quite a few things happen next season but there will not be as much as this season so I would understand if they smeared some things over like the PW and the battle at the wall, certainly the second battle which takes place on the north side of the Wall but also possibly the battle at Castle Black (which will be interesting since the TV show Wall has no stairs only the winch /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />)They can always make stairs appear. For the TV audience they probably won't even realize there weren't stairs there before or just assume that they didn't show them to us.And yes, 3 weddings in a row would be too much. but there will be at least two of them. unfortunately for everyone we will have to wait a long time to see [spoiler/] Joff die [spoiler] on screen. UNLESS the last episode of this season starts the PW but does not end it, like it fades out as Margarey is walking down the aisle or whatever. Oh man, this is actually sounding really good to me. Like it makes it seem like Joffrey has won and his enemies are no more. You know? like the RW has happened, Tyrion-Sansa has happened, Stannis does not pose an obvious threat. I can imagine the hate that would make everyone feel for Joffrey even more intense.This thought has made me feel like this: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PFkAAvDkj9k (I am the the emperor)
					
					
							Edited by The Mighty Conch, 10 May 2013 - 08:05 AM.
4485	SerArthurHeath	2013-05-10	If Loras joins the KIngsguard to get out of his wedding (and in doing so probably annoying his family but giving him the opportunity to avoid awkward future situations regarding his sexual preferences and to be closer to and protect his sister) then Show Loras is literally Jaime Lannister mark 2
4486	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	They can always make stairs appear. For the TV audience they probably won't even realize there weren't stairs there before or just assume that they didn't show them to us.And yes, 3 weddings in a row would be too much. but there will be at least two of them. unfortunately for everyone we will have to wait a long time to see [spoiler/] Joff die [spoiler] on screen. UNLESS the last episode of this season starts the PW but does not end it, like it fades out as Margarey is walking down the aisle or whatever. Oh man, this is actually sounding really good to me. Like it makes it seem like Joffrey has won and his enemies are no more. You know? like the RW has happened, Tyrion-Sansa has happened, Stannis does not pose an obvious threat. I can imagine the hate that would make everyone feel for Joffrey even more intense.This thought has made me feel like this: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PFkAAvDkj9k (I am the the emperor) HAHA that link made me laugh, im in total agreement that the first two weddings will take place this season.. it in known.. and yeah I guess your right about them placing some stairs in, or maybe they will drop the stairs thing all together while still keeping an awesome battle.If Loras joins the KIngsguard to get out of his wedding (and in doing so probably annoying his family but giving him the opportunity to avoid awkward future situations regarding his sexual preferences and to be closer to and protect his sister) then Show Loras is literally Jaime Lannister mark 2oh wow yeah, it totally seems like that's how they are going with this, pft geez D & D c'mon guys. but hopefully they come up with something a bit more creative
4487	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-10	If Loras joins the KIngsguard to get out of his wedding (and in doing so probably annoying his family but giving him the opportunity to avoid awkward future situations regarding his sexual preferences and to be closer to and protect his sister) then Show Loras is literally Jaime Lannister mark 2Except Aerys was the King, Cersei wasn't the Queen, and Jaime and Cersei were lovers.But agreed. It would make their stories similar.
					
					
							Edited by The Mighty Conch, 10 May 2013 - 09:16 AM.
4488	MoAt	2013-05-10	What if they don't have the PW at all? It would still be easy to kill off Joffrey the same way, at some dinner, and retain the same plotline  of accusing Tyrion, while having Sansa's hairnet, etc...According to this video, Sophie Turner said that "Book readers will be Super Shocked." I've been trying to think what on earth that could mean.By having Joffrey still die this season, before his wedding, they save a ton of time that's perhaps better spent telling other stories, and we'll have seen enough weddings anyway, while saving money on production costs, still wrap up the King's Landing storyline arc, and blow everyone's mind all at the same time.As has been said repeatedly, The Red Viper isn't coming to KL for a wedding. He's coming to sit on the small council for the Myrcella exchange. We don't really need to see him until the beginning of next season anyway. Of course, perhaps he'll still show up. It wouldn't be hard to keep his casting under wraps if he's not on camera with many people.And before anyone cries about Penny and the jousting, I highly doubt any country would allow animals to be used in that manner, especially on film, anyway. We might hear that she did that once upon a time, but I doubt we'll see it. But who knows?Just a thought. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
4489	iheartseverus	2013-05-10	By having Joffrey still die this season, before his wedding, they save a ton of time that's perhaps better spent telling other stories, and we'll have seen enough weddings anyway, while saving money on production costs, still wrap up the King's Landing storyline arc, and blow everyone's mind all at the same time.If Joff dies before his wedding, then Margaery doesn't become The Queen, which pretty much destroys the Margaery-Cersei dynamic later on.
4490	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-10	If Joff dies before his wedding, then Margaery doesn't become The Queen, which pretty much destroys the Margaery-Cersei dynamic later on.She could still marry Tommen. Since he is the next heir. But I really don't think they will skip the PW even though it is possible in show terms.Side note: how much money do they really need to save on sets and what-not? I mean, it's not like this show is unpopular. Is HBO just giving them a raw deal or something??
4491	Kernest	2013-05-11	If Joff dies before his wedding, then Margaery doesn't become The Queen, which pretty much destroys the Margaery-Cersei dynamic later on.In the books she does technically marry Tommen, just because the Tyrells didn't want to risk Tommen dying as well (yeah, right...), though the marriage won't be consumated until after Tommen is of a proper age, making her the Queen.
4492	SerMudz	2013-05-11	OK, what's the issue here? They havent even mentioned Elia yet, so I'm not sure how effective it would be.All it takes is a single scene in early S4 between Oberyn and Tyrion inwhich the Lannister's sack of Kings Landing is discussed, in particular what Gregor did to Elia and the children.
4493	teemo	2013-05-05	Is this just a way to inject some drama into Bran's storyline?  It seems kind of petty, to be honest, but I guess those characters could clash like that.
4494	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	I mean the Bran scene was so meh, We could be getting The Knight of the Laughing Tree and we get an Osha/Meera cat fight.
4495	Er Rn	2013-05-05	I didn't understand this either, and it went on for entirely too long.
4496	scurvy	2013-05-05	I mean the Bran scene was so meh, We could be getting The Knight of the Laughing Tree and we get an Osha/Meera cat fight.Just send the wildling wench off with Rickon already, who seems to have disappeared with the direwolves forever.
4497	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	I mean the Bran scene was so meh, We could be getting The Knight of the Laughing Tree and we get an Osha/Meera cat fight.Bran's arc is by far the worst in Season 3. We've had six episodes and all we've established is that two strong women don't like each other. And that's not even in the books.
4498	Zman1863	2013-05-05	I suspect they are trying to lay the foundation for the way the group splits up. Once Ramsay starts his hunt for them, they are going to come to the conclusion to split up and it will be natural that Bran goes with the Reeds and Hodor and Osha takes Rickon since she so obviously doesn't like them. It still strikes me as unnecessary though. They probably want to give Bran some screen time at least every other episode. Bran's arc is by far the worst in Season 3. We've had six episodes and all we've established is that two strong women don't like each other. And that's not even in the books.I agree. I think they should just trim down arcs like Bran's and theons to a couple appearances and no more than necessary.
4499	A Winters Summer	2013-05-05	Just send the wildling wench off with Rickon already, who seems to have disappeared with the direwolves forever.RIckon is in that scene, he mentions Jojen's fit. Why do people think Rickon was leaving in the first place?
4500	JonDunn	2013-05-05	It was fine, Jojen and Meera needed some characterization, especially Meera, we haven't seen her since episode 2!
4501	teemo	2013-05-05	I definitely think they need some characterization too, but I'm not sure this was the greatest way to do that...plus, it teaches us what about them, exactly?  That they're being petty and fighting over who is the best at skinning rabbits?  That they have feisty personalities?  I think I might prefer to not see Bran at all than see these types of scenes..
					
					
							Edited by schala, 05 May 2013 - 09:30 PM.
4502	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	I think they need more of him, not less. As in, give him shit to do. He's not got the most riveting story at this point, it's true, but some development would be nice. Have them moving somewhere. Have us see the dream. Anything. Sitting about watching a cat fight is boring, boring TV, that's where my issue was.
4503	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	I definitely think they need some characterization too, but I'm not sure this was the greatest way to do that...plus, it teaches us what about them, exactly?  That they're being petty and fighting over who is the best at skinning rabbits?  That they have feisty personalities?  I think I might prefer to not see Bran at all than see these types of scenes..I think it was supposed to showcase Bran's maturity and the fact that he's still the hierarchic top dog in that band of misfits. I would've liked a better scene, tough.
4504	go joff go	2013-05-05	People seem to have forgotten that Bran had nothing to do in the book and that they are going to have to stretch his stuff for two season.  This is what stretching for two seasons is.
4505	go joff go	2013-05-05	Also on Knight of the Laughing tree,  They can tell that literally at any time.  They are going to probably save it until a time where it actual starts to tie into the story.
4506	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	I have to admit, tough, I was enjoying the scene when it was subtle ribbing. I would've liked that. When it turned to all-out hostility, tough...
4507	Kasrith	2013-05-05	This was an episode where not much moves forward save the Climb stuff and the KL+BWB storylines. They needed filler, and that was it. I didn't mind, it was nicely done-ish
4508	Bastard of Boston	2013-05-05	Eh. Two mama bears protecting their charges. It was petty, yes, but not all that unbelievable. It was more of a "Hey, this is Meera...don't forget about her. Or, Bran, too" scene.
4509	Montey14	2013-05-05	I think they had to fill a few minutes in and not let the people forget about Bran...also they nned to give them a way to split up .....
4510	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	I do hope that we get the Knight of the Laughing Tree scene in this season, but I wouldn't bet on it.  They've hardly moved Bran at all.  I wonder if they'll be at the tower while Jon and co. are nearby or not.  They haven't established much of a relationship between Meera/Jojen and Bran as of yet, so who knows..
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 May 2013 - 10:20 PM.
4511	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-05	I didn't mind the banter too much, but when Jojen awoke and I was like o look I see Jon Snow amongst enemies, it just seemed kind of useless.  Couldn't they have him say something that would get Osha and Rickon out of the way, and then Bran, Jojen, Hodor and Meera could continue their adventure.
When are they going to actually get rid of Osha, when they finally reach the wall and she's all like lol im not going back beyond the wall even though I walked all the way to the wall knowing I would have to go beyond it but I'm not going beyond it?
Or they'll probably just have Rickon get scared of Coldhands and run off with Osha chasing after him, which will get them out of the way for Coldhands to kidnap Bran and the other two kids.  Since they really don't need Hodor much, they can just have him die. I honestly doubt we'll see Bran put on his skin in the TV series, and Coldhands can carry Bran if need be.
4512	boojam	2013-05-05	RIckon is in that scene, he mentions Jojen's fit. Why do people think Rickon was leaving in the first place?Seems the Bran and Rickon split has to come some time, but means fabricating a story for Osha, Rickon (and the wolf)...more arcs, lord!
4513	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	I didn't mind the banter too much, but when Jojen awoke and I was like o look I see Jon Snow amongst enemies, it just seemed kind of useless.  Couldn't they have him say something that would get Osha and Rickon out of the way, and then Bran, Jojen, Hodor and Meera could continue their adventure.You have completely missed the point. Jojen saying Jon is on the wrong side of the wall surrounded by enemies changes their game plan does it not? They were headed to the Wall to Castle Black and Jon Snow. Now what do they do? Side note question, did Bran learn that his uncle Benjen has been missing for quite a long time?When are they going to actually get rid of Osha, when they finally reach the wall and she's all like lol im not going back beyond the wall even though I walked all the way to the wall knowing I would have to go beyond it but I'm not going beyond it?When they set out towards the Wall they were not intending to go past it, they still might not be intending to go past it. Jojen seems to know that they're going to go North of the Wall but Bran and company might not see it yet.I would expect Osha to refuse to go beyond the Wall because of the White Walkers, she has quite a bit of loyalty to Bran and Rickon but everyone has a line they won't cross, that line for Osha is the wall.
4514	Darkstar of Dayne	2013-05-05	I thought it was a very important scene for three reasons:
1) Meera exists as a character - she is maternal to Jojen and eventually she becomes a protector of Bran
2) Osha splits with Rickon and Shaggy Dog from the others to go to Skagos, this is explaining that.
3) Jojen is sickly and this might explain why Howland Reed hasn't been able to leave the Crag (he might be a greenseer also)
4) Jojen's dream is potentially predicting either a.) the attack on the Wall or b.) events in TWoW.
4515	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	I thought it was a very important scene for three reasons:1) Meera exists as a character - she is maternal to Jojen and eventually she becomes a protector of Bran2) Osha splits with Rickon and Shaggy Dog from the others to go to Skagos, this is explaining that.3) Jojen is sickly and this might explain why Howland Reed hasn't been able to leave the Crag (he might be a greenseer also)4) Jojen's dream is potentially predicting either a.) the attack on the Wall or b.) events in TWoW.3. Jojen Reed is not a greenseer, Howland Reed is not a greenseer. Jojen Reed has "green sight", "the sight" or"green dreams". Howland Reed does not have his sons gift, unless you believe that Jojen and Meera Reed have a reason to lie to their prince.
4516	Darkstar of Dayne	2013-05-05	3. Jojen Reed is not a greenseer, Howland Reed is not a greenseer. Jojen Reed has "green sight", "the sight" or"green dreams". Howland Reed does not have his sons gift, unless you believe that Jojen and Meera Reed have a reason to lie to their prince.My bad, Jojen and Howland aren't greenseers.I'm not ruling out that Howland might have green sight, however... I think it's a perfect explanation for why he has never showed up in the real asoiaf world. I don't know why Jojen and Meera would keep it from Bran, but it's plausible.
4517	qixoticneurotic	2013-05-05	meera skinned her rabbit longways, the way you would an alligator. nice little example of show dont tell explaining why the two "warrior hunter badass chicks" are different. she was also insisting on ettiquette though no my ladys. truly well done
4518	Baelor Blackfyre	2013-05-06	Does anyone know if Jojen has seizures in the books as well? I don't remember it, but perhaps it's an oversight on my part.
4519	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Does anyone know if Jojen has seizures in the books as well? I don't remember it, but perhaps it's an oversight on my part.Nope, he does get "extremely weak" when they journey North of the Wall though, the sight "taking it's toll on him" seems to be a good explanation for what we'll see as they head North.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 06 May 2013 - 12:52 AM.
4520	Angmar	2013-05-06	Mindless catfight scene, pure filler I guess. I thought it'd be an indication that Osha would leave with Rickon to Skagos...And that'd be another storyline to add to the show, along ALL the other storylines floating around.
Bran doesn't do much this book though. They can't fill us only with stories about what happened years ago with the KOTLT or COTF and whatnot.
4521	Baelor Blackfyre	2013-05-06	Thank you so much for the quick reply. I appreciate it.
4522	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I liked it. It was important to show that Bran is maturing, and possibly necessary as a precursor to Osha leaving with Rickon.
4523	amilas	2013-05-06	Honestly, they have so little to work with when it comes to Bran this season. Just rereading his chapters in SoS is painful. There is definitely a lot of wonderful stuff coming up with him, but I can see why they would have petty little Osha vs Meera fights in the show. They have to remind people about Bran every now and then, but how to do it? Most of his chapters are dreams or introspective narratives.
4524	Mr Hodor	2013-05-06	despite being a major character, Bran has 4 chapters in ASOS and 3 in ADWD, so either they use him once every 5 episodes or they invent story around him. i guess they are choosing the second option.
4525	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I'm not ruling out that Howland might have green sight, however... I think it's a perfect explanation for why he has never showed up in the real asoiaf world. I don't know why Jojen and Meera would keep it from Bran, but it's plausible.so the perfect explanation makes the Reeds hide the fact that Howland has greensight for absolutely no good reason other than to explain why he only left Greywater Watch for basically one or two times his entire life?It also makes the Reeds liars during their Knight of the Laughing Tree story, which BTW is not mentioned by any other POV character when they recall the events of the Harrenhall tournament, not even Ned Stark.The Reeds have also said that cragmen keep to themselves. Why is that not a good enough excuse for Howland to only leave Greywater Watch twice?
4526	the hound of sansa	2013-05-06	it was a filler scene obviously but then again, they have to show Bran somehow .
The story of the laughing knight will propably be in episode 10. if i remember correctly, in the leaked summaries it says that Jojen tells Bran a story. that could be it
4527	Joey Beers	2013-05-06	After reading these replies it does seem to make sense as a way to remind the viewer of Bran's story line and show why they eventually split up. Although, splitting them up in the first place for safety reasons makes total sense too, and it actually happened in the book. Why not have them go their separate ways and use a scene with Bran, Meera, and Jojen to have some of those stories told? You know, the ones that give depth to the world by acknowledging historical events?
4528	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	The Knight of the Laughing Tree story would just confuse non-book readers I think. It doesn't really fit into the plot yet. There really hasn't been much development of the whole year of the false spring on the TV show yet so I guess they're saving it.
What they could show is Jojen teaching Bran to control Summer. That would be more interesting and move Bran's arc along. We haven't really seen him properly warging have we? Just gotten some three-eyed crow dreams.
4529	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	You have completely missed the point. Jojen saying Jon is on the wrong side of the wall surrounded by enemies changes their game plan does it not? They were headed to the Wall to Castle Black and Jon Snow. Now what do they do? Side note question, did Bran learn that his uncle Benjen has been missing for quite a long time?When they set out towards the Wall they were not intending to go past it, they still might not be intending to go past it. Jojen seems to know that they're going to go North of the Wall but Bran and company might not see it yet.I would expect Osha to refuse to go beyond the Wall because of the White Walkers, she has quite a bit of loyalty to Bran and Rickon but everyone has a line they won't cross, that line for Osha is the wall. Have they even said in the show they are going to the Wall?  Seems to me they are just walking about.  Bran in the books really just spend 3 books walking (or being carried) while he listens to stories, hones his warging abilities and develops a crush on Meera.  Bran's chapters are not my favourite in the series.  I'm guessing that this season ends with Bran and Sam exchanging routes at the Nightfort?  That means 2 seasons of travel to Bloodraven zzzz.
4530	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Just send the wildling wench off with Rickon already, who seems to have disappeared with the direwolves forever.I have a theory that Ramsay indeed does mount a hunt for the Stark boys, who narrowly escape. Bran and Rickon then part ways to make it harder for them to be tracked down. Ramsay's line could just be a throwaway line, but I don't know...it has potential. The fact of the matter is that Rickon should not cross the Wall with Bran, so let's hope they part ways before the end of the season.
4531	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	This season is just highlighting just how little Bran actually does in the books. Even the Knight of the Laughing Tree, while a fun and interesting story, is basically filler. I agree with Pinkie, would love to see them being hunted by Bolton men, would spice things up a bit.
4532	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	This season is just highlighting just how little Bran actually does in the books. Even the Knight of the Laughing Tree, while a fun and interesting story, is basically filler. I agree with Pinkie, would love to see them being hunted by Bolton men, would spice things up a bit.Judging from the previewfor next week, I might be right. Look at the shot of the riders at 0:28. The only other place I can think of with such riders is Dragonstone. It looks too mountainous for the Riverlands, and it looks very similar to the terrain where the Queenscrown scenes were shot in. The men are also dressed similar to Theon's captors.I think this could work. As long as Ramsay's identity is still under wraps, this might work. The Boltons would obviously want the Stark heirs dead, so it's plausible. The only problem is that this might not work geographically speaking, but that's a minor complaint, I guess.EDIT: Just rewatched the Ramsay/Theon scene and Ramsay says, "The Stark boys...if they're still alive, wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you." I'm fairly sure that this will happen, so hopefully we won't have to see any more Meera vs Osha.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 06 May 2013 - 05:39 AM.
4533	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	I actually really don't wanna see Ramsay hunting them, Seems pointless imo.
The events at Queenscrown will probably be the climax of Brans story this season, Hopefully we get an in depth look at him warging Summer to save Jons life.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 06 May 2013 - 06:40 AM.
4534	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	I actually really don't wanna see Ramsay hunting them, Seems pointless imo.I disagree. The Boltons are aware that the Stark boys are still alive, and need them dead to secure their claim to Winterfell. Even though they are presumed dead, they still need to make sure. And apart from Queenscrown and the Nightfort, Bran does jackshit this season. A Bolton hunt would be a good way to convey the dread Bran and Rickon are still living in, and convince them to split up.
4535	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	It could a good way to split them up, didn't think of that. IDK I'm just not that interesting in seeing another chase scene in the woods unless they use the direwolves to fight off the Bolton pursuers lol. 
I wonder if they will have the Liddle that's in one of Brans ASOS chapters, could be a good way to introduce the Northern mountain clans if they plan on using them later with Stannis.
4536	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Agreed on the direwolves. It's about damn time we saw them hauling ass. Here's hoping we see them rip out some of the Bastard's Boys' throats /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4537	KayOfLaihr	2013-05-06	Have they even said in the show they are going to the Wall?  Seems to me they are just walking about. yes, Master Luwin told them to go to Jon to Castle Black.I don't like that Meera and Osha hate each other and need a teenage boy to put them in there place, where the boys go along just fine.
4538	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I would have liked something more from Jojen than jon is among enemies.
4539	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	I would have liked something more from Jojen than jon is among enemies.Loll yeah that really pissed me off.
4540	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I would have liked something more from Jojen than jon is among enemies.Like what? They needed to show:- Bran maturing- The Sight comes at a costThey had about five seconds worth of time to have Jojen explain what he saw, and they used it to segue into the next scene. We have three-four seasons worth of Bran/Jojen/Meera and Hodor where very little actually happens. The exposition and stories we want will be ours in time, I don't doubt.
4541	go joff go	2013-05-06	I wonder what period Jojen was actually seeing with Jon.  I think to people who haven't read the books its the Wildlings and north of the Wall, But I think it must have been Jons last chapter and being south of the wall maybe implying that he needs to go North.
4542	Sniraga	2013-05-06	I like very much both Meera and Osha in the show, but not so sure about their rivalry. It felt a bit contrived, some drama for the sake of drama. Besides, I thought they were getting along quite well and now we hear Osha has been acting snidely at Meera almost all the time.. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> I'm all for giving more substance to the side characters, but there's already so much of bickering, backstabbing, scheming and what have you in the show, so I could've used some friendship for a change.
4543	mafalda	2013-05-06	The skinning rabbits was gross to watch.
4544	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-06	Even so, this scene was more entertaining than all of Bran's chapters once he leaves Winterfell... Well, if you exclude the one where he meets the Liddle.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 06 May 2013 - 08:45 AM.
4545	Queen of Whores	2013-05-06	The skinning rabbits was gross to watch.You must have loved the Jaime/Tywin scene in season 1 then.
4546	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I wish Osha would go away. Unfortunately I don't see that happening with the way Martin has commented on his enjoyment of the actress.
Bran's scenes are easily my least favorite in the show, just like his chapters in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 06 May 2013 - 08:52 AM.
4547	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Even so, this scene was more entertaining than all of Bran's chapters once he leaves Winterfell... Strongly disagree
4548	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-06	Sure, if you enjoy a long, grueling uneventful story about a walk North which then has no payoff at all and probably gets them in even worse shit... Oh yeah, don't forget the endless warging sequences and his meeting with Bloodraven, who is a tree, a goddamn tree.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 06 May 2013 - 09:06 AM.
4549	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	It was fine, Jojen and Meera needed some characterization, especially Meera, we haven't seen her since episode 2!I agree she needs something. My husband didn't even know who she was. I don't know if this was it, but it was something.
4550	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Sure, if you enjoy a long, grueling uneventful story about a walk North which then has no payoff at all and probably gets them in even worse shit... Oh yeah, don't forget the endless warging sequences and his meeting with Bloodraven, who is a tree, a goddamn tree.This pretty much. Bran just doesnt have an arc, for like, 3 fucking books. And its boring as fuck!
4551	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	Have they even said in the show they are going to the Wall?  Seems to me they are just walking about.  Bran in the books really just spend 3 books walking (or being carried) while he listens to stories, hones his warging abilities and develops a crush on Meera.  Bran's chapters are not my favourite in the series.  I'm guessing that this season ends with Bran and Sam exchanging routes at the Nightfort?  That means 2 seasons of travel to Bloodraven zzzz.Yes, Luwin as he's dying tells the boys to go to the Wall, to Castle Black to Jon Snow.I actually really don't wanna see Ramsay hunting them, Seems pointless imo.The events at Queenscrown will probably be the climax of Brans story this season, Hopefully we get an in depth look at him warging Summer to save Jons life.Why does it seem pointless? Ramsey Snow and company hunt for them in the books and don't find them. The fact that they are alive is a huge deal to Roose once his son marries "Arya"Ramsey is not going to sit on the information that Bran and Rickon are alive and not do anything about it. It would be silly not to try and find them.Queenscrown will be a definite climax to the story of Jon and Bran this season.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 06 May 2013 - 09:32 AM.
4552	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	snipHe has 7 chapters combined in Storm and Dance, So long and grueling. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I may be in the minority but personally I have never found Brans chapters boring. I am fascinated by the history of Westeros we get via the Reeds or Old Nan and i actually enjoy the fantasy elements in Brans story like Wolf dreams, Green Dreams, Weirwood Net, etc.. The KOLT, Queenscrown, and Nightfort chapters in ASOS were all very strong imo. His POV in Dance was in my top 3 favorites of the book. I definitely see how some people might think his chapters are dull ( i don't ) but either way i don't see how anyone can think Meera/Osha arguing over who is better at skinning rabbits is better /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
4553	superdeluxe	2013-05-06	I suspect they are trying to lay the foundation for the way the group splits up.Nice.
4554	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	He has 7 chapters combined in Storm and Dance, So long and grueling. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />and Feast he has zero, so for three books he has 7 chapters, which is going to last for four seasons on the show at least.I may be in the minority but personally I have never found Brans chapters boring. I am fascinated by the history of Westeros we get via the Reeds or Old Nan and i actually enjoy the fantasy elements in Brans story like Wolf dreams, Green Dreams, Weirwood Net, etc.. The KOLT, Queenscrown, and Nightfort chapters in ASOS were all very strong imo. His POV in Dance was in my top 3 favorites of the book. I definitely see how some people might think his chapters are dull ( i don't ) but either way i don't see how anyone can think Meera/Osha arguing over who is better at skinning rabbits is better /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />better than what? With Bran they can afford to add stuff because of how few chapters he has and still include everything that happens in those chapters, which it appears they are.I think that we also forgot to talk about Clash of Kings(where the Reeds are introduced in the books) so he does have a little bit more stuff than just 7 chapters that they'll cover.I like the scene, there's been very few female pissing contests in the show. Should Osha and Meera be BFFs? No, just like Barristan and Mormont aren't either.Would I rather hear the KotLT story? Yeah probably but it's probably best to include Barristan telling Dany the story of the tourney in the same episode, or Jaime telling Brienne that Harrenhall was where he was given his white cloak.That and they'll have to name drop all the people in the story, Rhaegar not "dragon prince", Ned Stark not "quiet wolf" or it will be too confusing to follow.
4555	Jojosh	2013-05-06	I'd actually hate it if she and rickon left because Meera rustled her jimmies too much. I mean wow that's pretty pathetic even thinking about it
4556	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-05-06	Since they really don't need Hodor much, they can just have him die. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
4557	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	I'd actually hate it if she and rickon left because Meera rustled her jimmies too much. I mean wow that's pretty pathetic even thinking about itSeriously makes no sense.
4558	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I'd actually hate it if she and rickon left because Meera rustled her jimmies too much. I mean wow that's pretty pathetic even thinking about itAlmost as bad as people thinking that Rickon ran off to Skaggos in episode two this season.
4559	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Scene did a couple of good things.
1) Showed Bran has some leadership
2) Rickon said something!!!!!!!!!!!!
3) The powers have costs
4) Gave Meera something to say
5) Gave them doubts about the course they were taking to Jon and Castle Black
ummmm
6) they had some supper
Bad
1) Argument came off as petty 
2) Shows they really don't know what to do with Bran
3) Shows they really don't know what to do with Meera
4) Shows they really don't know what to do with Rickon
Thing is, I loved the Bran chapters in the books. They to me were like tasty asides to the main feast. The showrunners lack of depicting any prophesies sort of pulls the rug out from under Bran's story though. Obvious they are looking to go on a wild tangent with an invented plot - and this has me concerned.
4560	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Scene did a couple of good things.1) Showed Bran has some leadership2) Rickon said something!!!!!!!!!!!!3) The powers have costs4) Gave Meera something to say5) Gave them doubts about the course they were taking to Jon and Castle Blackummmm6) they had some supperBad1) Argument came off as petty2) Shows they really don't know what to do with Bran3) Shows they really don't know what to do with Meera4) Shows they really don't know what to do with RickonThing is, I loved the Bran chapters in the books. They to me were like tasty asides to the main feast. The showrunners lack of depicting any prophesies sort of pulls the rug out from under Bran's story though. Obvious they are looking to go on a wild tangent with an invented plot - and this has me concerned. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4561	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	4) Shows they really don't know what to do with RickonNo-one knows what to do with Rickon. Seriously, you'd think he'd get a little more chapter/screentime considering he could be the heir to Winterfell in WoW!Btw, why did Osha and Rickon go to Skagos? Was there a good reason?
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 06 May 2013 - 12:18 PM.
4562	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-06	I think the scene was alright, they are now going to work together despite their differences so I don't think we'll see anymore catfights. But what I do want to see though, is Bran developing his crush on Meera somewhere..
4563	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I wonder what they will do with Osha and Rickon  when they leave. dunno if they will tell osha andrickon's actors to come backin a couple years. but they also will have more stprylines to juggle in the coming years.
4564	relish5k	2013-05-06	Just send the wildling wench off with Rickon already, who seems to have disappeared with the direwolves forever.Right? Where the f are all the direwolves? I don't think we've seen Grey Wind ONCE this whole season!
4565	ohpooratlas	2013-05-06	I mean the Bran scene was so meh, We could be getting The Knight of the Laughing Tree and we get an Osha/Meera cat fight.This.I honestly don't even see the point of all the Bran scenes this season.  There has been no plot development with him at all since the introduction of the Reeds in episode 2.The Reeds could have been perfect for providing a little exposition for the lore of Westeros and they're completely botching it.
4566	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Right? Where the f are all the direwolves? I don't think we've seen Grey Wind ONCE this whole season!He's in the background of Karstarks beheading. There is a lack of direwolves though. all the animal cgi must be going to Dany's dragons.
4567	mafalda	2013-05-06	You must have loved the Jaime/Tywin scene in season 1 then.Lol! I remember watching that and thinking that was way too long too! But what a badass way to introduce Tywin! This was just two chicks bickering  and when Osha did the neck snap and pulled off the head.. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
4568	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I think the scene was alright, they are now going to work together despite their differences so I don't think we'll see anymore catfights. But what I do want to see though, is Bran developing his crush on Meera somewhere..No no no! We need him to develop a crush on Jojen! There's real chemistry there, I'm telling you. Also, there are far too few gay characters in the books. BranxJojen forevah!
4569	teemo	2013-05-06	Since they really don't need Hodor much, they can just have him die. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Not sure why but this made me /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 01:15 PM.
4570	PG_Tips	2013-05-06	It came off to me as the stereotypical idea that women can't be friends because they're too bitchy. Or maybe more specifically two strong women can't be friends. Not saying that's what they were going for, just what it came off to me.
Time could have been spent better establishing stuff that's coming up. They need to be laying the groundwork for a lot of what could be very confusing later on in Bran's arc. Or even in the grander scheme of the story.
4571	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	It came off to me as the stereotypical idea that women can't be friends because they're too bitchy. Or maybe more specifically two strong women can't be friends. Not saying that's what they were going for, just what it came off to me.Or maybe they just don't get along? Some people see some kind of underlying discrimination in anything.
4572	PG_Tips	2013-05-06	Or maybe they just don't get along? Some people see some kind of underlying discrimination in anything.I did state that I wasn't saying that's what they were going for. I'm pretty sure the writer was like "hey, they don't get along because they both have strong personalities". I'm saying that it's not clear to us why they don't get along (or why it needs to be shown) and to me it looked like it was because of a stereotype. Look at the situation. Two women arguing over cooking.
4573	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Right? Where the f are all the direwolves? I don't think we've seen Grey Wind ONCE this whole season!There are 2 times I can immediately recall1) In the background during the Karstark beheading2) Foreground watching the troops go past immediately before the "You lost the war the day you married her" exchange.Ghost has had a couple of appearancesShaggydog has had a couple of very minor appearancesSummer has had one major and one or two minor appearances.
4574	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	I did state that I wasn't saying that's what they were going for. I'm pretty sure the writer was like "hey, they don't get along because they both have strong personalities". I'm saying that it's not clear to us why they don't get along (or why it needs to be shown) and to me it looked like it was because of a stereotype. Look at the situation. Two women arguing over cooking.Nope. Two women arguing over hunting and skinning. Hardly a stereotype.
4575	Sun	2013-05-06	He has 7 chapters combined in Storm and Dance, So long and grueling. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I may be in the minority but personally I have never found Brans chapters boring. I am fascinated by the history of Westeros we get via the Reeds or Old Nan and i actually enjoy the fantasy elements in Brans story like Wolf dreams, Green Dreams, Weirwood Net, etc.. The KOLT, Queenscrown, and Nightfort chapters in ASOS were all very strong imo. His POV in Dance was in my top 3 favorites of the book. I definitely see how some people might think his chapters are dull ( i don't ) but either way i don't see how anyone can think Meera/Osha arguing over who is better at skinning rabbits is better /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Oh they were boring, not to mention repetitive and rather unpleasant (his warging of Hodor and mooning over Meera was so creepy) to read, as well. There's a reason Bran only has 7 chapters in 3 books. Nothing really interesting happens to him.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 01:51 PM.
4576	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Meera and Osha defy a lot of female stereotypes. I don't see the problem.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 06 May 2013 - 01:51 PM.
4577	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Oh they were boring, not to mention repetitive and rather unpleasant (his warging of Hodor and mooning over Meera was so creepy) to read, as well. There's a reason Bran only has 7 chapters in 3 books. Nothing really interesting happens to him.This, times a million. Bran better do something in WoW and DoS after all this.
4578	shiola	2013-05-06	I don't like that it will change the dynamics of the split.  On the show it might seem more like Osha takes Rickon because she doesn't wanna put up with Bran's wolf dreams and Meera's attitude, rather than what it was in the books where it was just safer to not have Rickon going to the wall.
4579	chimere	2013-05-06	I'm pretty sure that the kid playing Rickon is a different actor and that's why they're being so weird about showing him this season.
4580	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	It's the same kid. Rickon just isn't very important right now.
4581	PG_Tips	2013-05-06	Nope. Two women arguing over hunting and skinning. Hardly a stereotype.They're arguing while preparing food. Looks like a stereotype to me.Meera and Osha defy a lot of female stereotypes. I don't see the problem.Just because they, in themselves as characters, eschew many female stereotypes does not mean this scene refrains from presenting them as female stereotypes.A person sat down and wrote this scene. I'm not saying that they thought haha, yeah that's what women do, cook and bitch at each other. No, I'm saying that the writer unconsciously wrote a scene that relied upon stereotypes. If there was a point to the argument I may have a different opinion, but it was pointless.
4582	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Don't really want to add fuel to this discussion, but wouldn't tensions be rising between Osha and Meera, since Meera is a stranger who held a knife to Osha's throat the first time they met?
I'm waiting for people to label this yet another "character assassination"
4583	Sniraga	2013-05-06	Don't really want to add fuel to this discussion, but wouldn't tensions be rising between Osha and Meera, since Meera is a stranger who held a knife to Osha's throat the first time they met?I'm waiting for people to label this yet another "character assassination"Nah, Osha is a wildling, she must be used to that sort of thing and not to get her knickers in a twist about it. /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
4584	bbstark	2013-05-06	Don't really want to add fuel to this discussion, but wouldn't tensions be rising between Osha and Meera, since Meera is a stranger who held a knife to Osha's throat the first time they met?I'm waiting for people to label this yet another "character assassination"and Bran conveniently mentions that Osha held a knife to his throat when they first met. So I don't see what's the problem....it was SO obviously not a cat fight but a culture fight, North vs. South. North of the Wall, vs. "Lady Reed" (I half expected Meera to snap at her for that one)  it was wildling vs. kneelersOsha no longer sees Bran/Rickon as just lords but "her little lords"; she's been part of their story, she's helped raised and influence them. When you do that to a child, you feel proud, you know. And let's not forget that in the first season Osha's raison d'etre was to get "as far south as possible", can you consider what has happened in her life if she's willing to go back to the wall and beyond?Meera is just a stranger to her, and a "Lady Stranger" at that; she reminds Osha what the caste system really is, and it grinds her gears. She doesn't want to do "yes m'lady, no m'lady" all over again.And Meera doesn't like to be thought of as useless... notice how she takes complete care of Jojen? I'm surprised no one else saw the beautiful subtletly in that scene. "Cat fight"... I scoff at you!
					
					
							Edited by bbstark, 06 May 2013 - 03:27 PM.
4585	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Oh they were boring, not to mention repetitive and rather unpleasant (his warging of Hodor and mooning over Meera was so creepy) to read, as well. There's a reason Bran only has 7 chapters in 3 books. Nothing really interesting happens to him.Just because you think they were boring doesn't mean they are. It's just your opinion, man.
4586	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	Scene did a couple of good things.1) Showed Bran has some leadership2) Rickon said something!!!!!!!!!!!!3) The powers have costs4) Gave Meera something to say5) Gave them doubts about the course they were taking to Jon and Castle Blackummmm6) they had some supperBad1) Argument came off as petty2) Shows they really don't know what to do with Bran3) Shows they really don't know what to do with Meera4) Shows they really don't know what to do with RickonThing is, I loved the Bran chapters in the books. They to me were like tasty asides to the main feast. The showrunners lack of depicting any prophesies sort of pulls the rug out from under Bran's story though. Obvious they are looking to go on a wild tangent with an invented plot - and this has me concerned. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> tooI like Bran's chapters, but whatever they are doing with him this season is not even really remotely touching on what happens in his story.  It's all a little odd and so far out of place. I'd like it if they explored his developing 'powers' more.Maybe once Rickon and Osha leave, we can get some of the stories and history from the Reeds. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I hope...
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 06 May 2013 - 03:28 PM.
4587	King of the Road	2013-05-06	This, times a million. Bran better do something in WoW and DoS after all this.Man, D+D really need to focus a little more on Jojen and Meera during the ADwD timeframe. Just watching Bran warging Hodor for 2 seasons won't do it for me. Maybe find some way of keeping Osha in the plot as well?
4588	Sun	2013-05-06	Just because you think they were boring doesn't mean they are. It's just your opinion, man.Ofcourse it's my opinion, just as finding them not boring is yours. But the fact that Bran only has 7 chapters in 3 books, is fact. And that not much happens to him in those chapters, in comparison to what happens in other character arcs, is also pretty much established. As to the show, there's only so much they can do with Bran, considering his sparse and uneventful source material.
4589	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Ofcourse it's my opinion, just as finding them not boring is yours. But the fact that Bran only has 7 chapters in 3 books, is fact. And that not much happens to him in those chapters, in comparison to what happens in other character arcs, is also pretty much established. As to the show, there's only so much they can do with Bran, considering his sparse and uneventful source material.I agree with what you said. All i'm saying is i think that they can do much better than what they're doing.
4590	SilentSense	2013-05-06	I thought it was awful. Apparently the show writers don't consider the stories Meera tells interesting enough so they need to produce some phony tension w Osha.
4591	Darryk	2013-05-06	It was okay, did go on a bit long.
Think that story thread is really overdue some proper development though,
4592	The Night's Prince	2013-05-06	Sigh...they've become filler. Sad.
4593	Jojosh	2013-05-06	No the problem is right there
They don't like each other
they get supper butthurt 
Okay f this little lord can't be around this one anymore.
Takes rickon exit stage left.
Its quite stupid
4594	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	I think D&D just don't know what to do with Bran's storyline. They're at a loss. So....cat fight between Meera and Osha? I guess it's better than a gratuitous sex scene. Ideally, I would have appreciated a KotLT narration in flashback format, but alas.
4595	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I'm really trying to figure out a way they can tell the KotLT story without every non reader saying "WTF is this girl talking about?"
4596	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	Jojen has seen that Jon is no longer a safe bet for the boys, so this scene was all about setting things up for them to part company. Despite original speculation that Meera would go off with Rickon it's looking more likely that the orignal split will happen and Osha will take Rickon. There's no way Meera will accept Osha taking on the role of carer for Jojen when he's having a seeing moment. Osha looked like she wanted to kill Jojen because he has bad juju, so I suspect Osha will be reasonably happy to leave all this black magic stuff behind.
4597	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Sure, if you enjoy a long, grueling uneventful story about a walk North which then has no payoff at all and probably gets them in even worse shit... Oh yeah, don't forget the endless warging sequences and his meeting with Bloodraven, who is a tree, a goddamn tree.R u serious?  Yea, i guess you hate backstory and genius storytelling.
4598	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	There are 2 times I can immediately recall1) In the background during the Karstark beheading2) Foreground watching the troops go past immediately before the "You lost the war the day you married her" exchange.Ghost has had a couple of appearancesShaggydog has had a couple of very minor appearancesSummer has had one major and one or two minor appearances.Too bad Ghost's appearances arent with Jon
4599	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Too bad Ghost's appearances arent with JonQuite. And no Nymeria time at all either.A lot of the CGI budget is going on dragons it seems. Perhaps someone needs to steal them. This would mean more direwolf time and the "Carly See" fans would get to hear her scream "Where are my dragons?" a lot. They seem to like that.Perhaps less direwolves isn't such a bad thing.
4600	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Quite. And no Nymeria time at all either.A lot of the CGI budget is going on dragons it seems. Perhaps someone needs to steal them. This would mean more direwolf time and the "Carly See" fans would get to hear her scream "Where are my dragons?" a lot. They seem to like that.Perhaps less direwolves isn't such a bad thing.I think more strategic use of direwolves would rectify.  Ghost is the single worst wolf bodyguard in history.Where r my dragons!!!!!
4601	franko99	2013-05-06	Jon should have screamed "where is my direwolf!!" when he go with the wildlings
4602	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	R u serious?  Yea, i guess you hate backstory and genius storytelling. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4603	lostinwesteros	2013-05-06	Jojen has seen that Jon is no longer a safe bet for the boys, so this scene was all about setting things up for them to part company. Despite original speculation that Meera would go off with Rickon it's looking more likely that the orignal split will happen and Osha will take Rickon. There's no way Meera will accept Osha taking on the role of carer for Jojen when he's having a seeing moment. Osha looked like she wanted to kill Jojen because he has bad juju, so I suspect Osha will be reasonably happy to leave all this black magic stuff behind. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> But I'm also really bummed that the Bran story line has been virtually ignored - why all the Theon/Ramsay stuff (which doesn't belong in ASoS in the first place) and all of the invented added Mel stuff, all at the expense of Queens Crown, the Liddle in the Cave, the KoLT and more depth to the Jon/Wildling storyline?  
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 06 May 2013 - 09:45 PM.
4604	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> But I'm also really bummed that the Bran story line has been virtually ignored - why all the Theon/Ramsay stuff (which doesn't belong in ASoS in the first place) and all of the invented added Mel stuff, all at the expense of Queens Crown, the Liddle in the Cave, the KoLT and more depth to the Jon/Wildling storyline?  Im holding out the we could still get Liddle, some version of Queenscrown, and Sam letting them through the wall.
4605	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Brutally stupid and a waste of scene time.  Osha has faced death over and over again and she loses it because she doesn't like Meera Reed. Yeah, okay.
4606	Syphon the Sanitator	2013-05-07	Well, in a way, the show is just like the books. I hate the scenes with Bran in it.
"I lost the use of my legs, wahwahwah." You can warg, you annoying little twit!
Seriously, the only thing I even remotely like in these scenes is Meera, because she's an adorable young woman.
But yeah, if this passive aggressive stuff carries on for much longer, I might just go to Iceland and start my own Night's Watch and build my own Wall to freeze my nuts off on, because that'd be more pleasant that watching more of this "I have no idea what I'm doing" hackneying that D&D are doing!
					
					
							Edited by Syphon the Sanitator, 07 May 2013 - 07:35 AM.
4607	David of Kent	2013-05-07	Bran's arc is by far the worst in Season 3. We've had six episodes and all we've established is that two strong women don't like each other. And that's not even in the books.I don't care about them trying to round characters arc with things that are not in the books so long as it's not completely idiotic.  This isn't idiotic.  It's just boring
4608	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I don't care about them trying to round characters arc with things that are not in the books so long as it's not completely idiotic.  This isn't idiotic.  It's just boringEh, it's both.  Osha has born being clapped in irons, having sex w/Theon in order to get Bran/Rickon out of Winterfell and she can't stomach Meera Reed?  Yes, that is totally idiotic.  The writers have freely invented all kinds of stuff, and this is the best they can come up with?  And  now they also make Jojen some kind of epileptic?  WTF.  They could have given Bran some creepy prophetic dreams that he didnt have in the books and it would have been 1000x better than a stupid scene about skinning rabbits.
4609	David of Kent	2013-05-09	Eh, it's both.To you it is.  It's one of those arcs where we have to wait and see.  Many non book readers are struggling with, and finding the Theon arc currently idiotic with them growing frustrated with not knowing who Ramsay is.  We largely know they will be rewarded for their patience.  You are in the same boat as them now in not knowing where this is going and why they're building a childish feud between Osha and Meera.  Sit back, calm down and rag all over it once you have a clue.  Bottom line is the storyline, so far, is the weakest one in this series, but it's taking up about two minutes every couple of episodes.  It's hard to get as cross as you're getting about it
4610	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	To you it is.  It's one of those arcs where we have to wait and see.  Many non book readers are struggling with, and finding the Theon arc currently idiotic with them growing frustrated with not knowing who Ramsay is.  We largely know they will be rewarded for their patience.  You are in the same boat as them now in not knowing where this is going and why they're building a childish feud between Osha and Meera.  Sit back, calm down and rag all over it once you have a clue.  Bottom line is the storyline, so far, is the weakest one in this series, but it's taking up about two minutes every couple of episodes.  It's hard to get as cross as you're getting about itThe only places it can be going are (1) Osha leaves with Rickon because she can't get along with Meera or (2) Nowhere.  I would say either outcome is most definitely idiotic and a waste of screen time that could be better used on Bran's story.I'm not sure why Theon being tortured would be seen as "idiotic" by non book readers, but me personally, I thought that it could have been handled better and I'm not sure why the show thinks keeping Ramsey's identity a secret is such a big deal, Theon being tortured by a Bolton in the context of the show does not necessarily indicate the Bolton's will or have betrayed Robb...because they changed up the Reek/Ramsey storyline already, so to me, this is sort of a big todo about not much of anything.
4611	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	The only places it can be going are (1) Osha leaves with Rickon because she can't get along with Meera or (2) Nowhere.  I would say either outcome is most definitely idiotic and a waste of screen time that could be better used on Bran's story.Yeah, but Osha going all the way to Skagos with Rickon was idiotic in the book anyway. What the hell was the reason for them splitting up anyway?
4612	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	Yeah, but Osha going all the way to Skagos with Rickon was idiotic in the book anyway. What the hell was the reason for them splitting up anyway?It was less idiotic in the books because in the books people disapear for long periods, whole books even, LOL, ...they split up so that it would be impossible for both heirs to be caught at the same time, increasing the chances that at least one of them would survive.
4613	Joyful Union	2013-05-09	It was less idiotic in the books because in the books people disapear for long periods, whole books even, LOL, ...they split up so that it would be impossible for both heirs to be caught at the same time, increasing the chances that at least one of them would survive.Still not a particularly convincing argument, because there was little need for them disapear for whole books, particularly since neither Rickon nor Osha were memorable or interesting. Why on earth would she go all the way to Skagos? Has she ever been to Skagos? Would she know how to survive there, would the people welcome them? Why Skagos and not White Harbor? Or anywhere else for that matter?
4614	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	Still not a particularly convincing argument, because there was little need for them disapear for whole books, particularly since neither Rickon nor Osha were memorable or interesting. Why on earth would she go all the way to Skagos? Has she ever been to Skagos? Would she know how to survive there, would the people welcome them? Why Skagos and not White Harbor? Or anywhere else for that matter?We don't know,  maybe Book Osha will explain it all to us, but I don't think Skaagos is that far off the northern coast and if you wanted to go somewhere that pretty much no one would randomly run into you and a Stark heir, Skaagos is not a bad choice.
4615	'96Buck	2013-05-09	3. Jojen Reed is not a greenseer, Howland Reed is not a greenseer. Jojen Reed has "green sight", "the sight" or"green dreams". Howland Reed does not have his sons gift, unless you believe that Jojen and Meera Reed have a reason to lie to their prince.The show has yet to draw a distinction and I doubt they will, other than reveal that Bran has "more" of it, once they reach the cave.
4616	'96Buck	2013-05-09	Still not a particularly convincing argument, because there was little need for them disapear for whole books, particularly since neither Rickon nor Osha were memorable or interesting. Why on earth would she go all the way to Skagos? Has she ever been to Skagos? Would she know how to survive there, would the people welcome them? Why Skagos and not White Harbor? Or anywhere else for that matter?She's far more apt to have relevant survivial skills and credibility in Skagos than in White Harbor.  They have to leave Winterfell's dominion, but she won't cross the Wall again.  Where ELSE but Skagos?  How can they know White Harbor would be safe?  Also, it probably wouldn't be.
					
					
							Edited by '96Buck, 09 May 2013 - 10:20 AM.
4617	jblair	2013-05-09	No harm, no foul. Spices both of them up a bit. For those people wanting to truncate the storyline, please remember the limits of the medium: you cannot have one of the most crucial players in the series make token appearances a few times a season on a TV show. It just doesn't work that way.
4618	AegonSnow	2013-05-10	If I can say:  Meera/Osha shipping...
4619	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	I think this scene was ok.It gives a little further reason for Osha to want to split from the Reeds. Jojen having a fit-like green dream was a little dramatic but it wouldn't be as good if he simple woke up like "oh good morning guys, by the way I had a dream about Jon". which brings me to my next point, seeing Jon on the wrong side of the Wall and surrounded by enemies, could be just the thing to pull the group apart, Osha might think its stupid to continue on to the Wall when the person they are looking for refuge with is not even there and may never return, the Reeds could finally bring In the point that Brans future is beyond the Wall and they must go anyway, Osha would be all like "ah hell no! I agreed to go TO it not beyond, do u have any idea what in on the other side of that Wall? its not safe and im not letting them go" they could argue and eventually split in half, Osha taking Rickon because its not safe to have both Stark boys together nor is it safe beyond the Wall for such a small child considering its not his fate that resides on that side, Bran and co can continue on and hopefully make an appearance at QueensCrown. (but im not getting my hopes up for that).also, am I the only one who found the term "on the wrong side of the Wall" a little vague, maybe its just wishful thinking but it could be a reference to something happening later. I mean by ADWD its constantly noted that people are fighting or preparing on the wrong side of the Wall -meaning the south side.  Ive always felt Jons future belongs on the North side fighting the REAL enemy. maybe the wrong side is the south side and Jon surrounded by enemies could mean the Others have ventured further south past the Wall, and Jon is pursuing against them. or it would be in reference to Jons last chapter in ADWD. but perhaps it simply is what it is. I know the TV show wouldn't be trying to make prediction too far ahead, (despite Mel promising her and Arya will meet again, which I assumed was a TWOW hint, but could be another scene they are adding into the adaption). but Jojens dream can be taken in more than one way, its most likely a little too much for me to read so far into something pulled up from the TV show, after all its not something straight from one of GRRMs books
4620	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-10	I think this scene was ok.It gives a little further reason for Osha to want to split from the Reeds. Jojen having a fit-like green dream was a little dramatic but it wouldn't be as good if he simple woke up like "oh good morning guys, by the way I had a dream about Jon". which brings me to my next point, seeing Jon on the wrong side of the Wall and surrounded by enemies, could be just the thing to pull the group apart, Osha might think its stupid to continue on to the Wall when the person they are looking for refuge with is not even there and may never return, the Reeds could finally bring In the point that Brans future is beyond the Wall and they must go anyway, Osha would be all like "ah hell no! I agreed to go TO it not beyond, do u have any idea what in on the other side of that Wall? its not safe and im not letting them go" they could argue and eventually split in half, Osha taking Rickon because its not safe to have both Stark boys together nor is it safe beyond the Wall for such a small child considering its not his fate that resides on that side, Bran and co can continue on and hopefully make an appearance at QueensCrown. (but im not getting my hopes up for that).This is exactly why I didn't like the scene. In the books they separate because Luwin tells Osha to do it. It's safer to keep Bran and Rickon separated since there's at least more probability that one heir will survive. But apparently in the show Bran and Rickon will split just because Osha and Meera can't get along. So, is Bran gonna let Osha take his little brother away just because she can't stand Meera and "magic"? ... ugh .... ok.....But anyways, all I want to hear in this season is Jojen's and Meera's oath:"To Winterfell we pledge the faith of Greywater," they said together. "Hearth and heart and harvest we yield up to you, my lord. Our swords and spears and arrows are yours to command. Grant mercy to our weak, help to our helpless, and justice to all, and we shall never fail you.""I swear it by earth and water," said the boy in green."I swear it by bronze and iron," his sister said."We swear it by ice and fire," they finished together.The story of The Knight of the Laughing Tree, and Jojen's quote about love and hate:"Up and down," Meera would sigh sometimes as they walked, "then down and up. Then up and down again. I hate these stupid mountains of yours, Prince Bran.""Yesterday you said you loved them.""Oh, I do. My lord father told me about mountains, but I never saw one till now. I love them more than I can say."Bran made a face at her. "But you just said you hated them.""Why can't it be both?" Meera reached up to pinch his nose."Because they're different," he insisted. "Like night and day, or ice and fire.""If ice can burn," said Jojen in his solemn voice, "then love and hate can mate. Mountain or marsh, it makes no matter. The land is one.""One," his sister agreed, "but over wrinkled."And then, I'll  be happy.ETA: The love and hate quote summarizes pretty much how I feel about the show /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />, and also many other things in my life.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 10 May 2013 - 02:46 AM.
4621	Khal Porno	2013-05-10	They totally want to do it, guys.
4622	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	This is exactly why I didn't like the scene. In the books they separate because Luwin tells Osha to do it. It's safer to keep Bran and Rickon separated since there's at least more probability that one heir will survive. But apparently in the show Bran and Rickon will split just because Osha and Meera can't get along. So, is Bran gonna let Osha take his little brother away just because she can't stand Meera and "magic"? ... ugh .... ok..... I understand how you feel, but since they didn't give us the Luwin scene the way it was meant to be -mostly due to them not introducing the Reeds in the right time frame- this is pretty much the best we are gonna get, but at least things seem to be getting back on track now when they DO split. my point wasn't that the are splitting solely because Osha and Meera cant get along, but that it adds extra reason to a resulting conflict about the Wall and the Reeds intentions to go beyond it and not simply to Castle Black for safety. I think they them selves will come to the conclusion to separate for Rickons safety, which Bran will be all for trying to protect his little brother from harm. but this is just my assumption of what will happen, clearly it hasn't yet so only time will tell
4623	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	They totally want to do it, guys. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4624	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	Still not a particularly convincing argument, because there was little need for them disapear for whole books, particularly since neither Rickon nor Osha were memorable or interesting. Why on earth would she go all the way to Skagos? Has she ever been to Skagos? Would she know how to survive there, would the people welcome them? Why Skagos and not White Harbor? Or anywhere else for that matter? hmm well we don't get too much history of Osha maybe she has been to Skagos before. also Rickon is rather memorable being that he has a huge wild black direwolf trailing along with him ever so loyally. I my self would think to get as far away as possible the further you are from harm the more likely to survive . I don't think Osha had many options, going south is a death sentence, places too heavily populated would be just as dangerous, Skagos is a part of the north so in theory under the thumb of Winterfell -so the Starks, and as far as I know they have not sided with anyone else, plus they are quite distant from the rest of westeros having little contact. seem like a clever choice to me, its the least likely place to recognise Rickon while still staying in the north, plus it puts a lot of water between them selves and any Others who might venture south
4625	David of Kent	2013-05-10	The only places it can be going are (1) Osha leaves with Rickon because she can't get along with Meera or (2) Nowhere.  I would say either outcome is most definitely idiotic and a waste of screen time that could be better used on Bran's story.On what story from ASOS?  All that happens before they reach the wall at the Nightfort is travelling and Bran having his strange dreams.  It doesn't get interesting until they meet Sam and Gilly and then Coldhands and that's quite possibly not till either the end of this season or the beginning of next.  There's nothing interesting to tell so I think you're wasting a lot of energy being so angry about this storyline, especially since it's featuring in very small segments
					
					
							Edited by David of Kent, 10 May 2013 - 07:43 AM.
4626	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	On what story from ASOS?  All that happens before they reach the wall at the Nightfort is travelling and Bran having his strange dreams.  It doesn't get interesting until they meet Sam and Gilly and then Coldhands and that's quite possibly not till either the end of this season or the beginning of next.  There's nothing interesting to tell so I think you're wasting a lot of energy being so angry about this storyline, especially since it's featuring in very small segmentsThey've departed from the books already, I maintain that they could have done a much better job with their departure from the books in telling Bran's story than what they are doing, its not that complicated really.  None of what we're seeing happened in the books so they obviously could have invented other, BETTER, more relevant material for those segments than Osha and Meera having a meaningless spat.
4627	Mulled Wino	2013-05-10	Still not a particularly convincing argument, because there was little need for them disapear for whole books, particularly since neither Rickon nor Osha were memorable or interesting. Why on earth would she go all the way to Skagos? Has she ever been to Skagos? Would she know how to survive there, would the people welcome them? Why Skagos and not White Harbor? Or anywhere else for that matter?Maybe Osha and/or RIckon will be memorable.Why couldn't she survive on Skagos?  They don't want to be recognized by anyone and they have a pet direwolf that I'm sure can help with their survival skills.Suggesting White Harbor makes me wonder if you were following that arc at all.  They are supposed to be dead to everyone.  They have no way of knowing what is going on in White Harbor.
4628	Mark Antony	2013-05-10	Plus isn't Skagos an island? We know how scared Osha is of the White Walkers, Maybe she figured if she was gonna stay in The North they would be safest on an island? IDK.
4629	Joyful Union	2013-05-10	Why couldn't she survive on Skagos?  They don't want to be recognized by anyone and they have a pet direwolf that I'm sure can help with their survival skills.Suggesting White Harbor makes me wonder if you were following that arc at all.  They are supposed to be dead to everyone.  They have no way of knowing what is going on in White Harbor.My point is that she doesnt know what Skagos is like, whether she would be able to survive there. All she knows is that the people there are cannibals, so why would she go there of all places? We could have done with maybe a few lines about her having relatives there, anything at all, but we didn't. Direwolves arent invincible, particularly if the natives decide to kill them. Basically I'm trying to say that Osha and Rickon could have gone anywhere, and Skagos seems a completely random choice. Why not go North to the mountain clans? They're certainly loyal beyond a doubt, and a few them may have even seen Rickon before. No need to be condescending. What reason would they have to think that Manderly wouldn't believe them or give them shelter?
4630	SerMixalot	2013-05-10	You must have loved the Jaime/Tywin scene in season 1 then.I am always impressed when actors are able to do such skills while acting.  I mean how many rabbits would they have gone through to get that scene right, and 2 actors doing it.  Tywin undressed an entire buck while monologuing at Jaime fantastic.
4631	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-10	Still not a particularly convincing argument, because there was little need for them disapear for whole books, particularly since neither Rickon nor Osha were memorable or interesting. Why on earth would she go all the way to Skagos? Has she ever been to Skagos? Would she know how to survive there, would the people welcome them? Why Skagos and not White Harbor? Or anywhere else for that matter? Osha is a wildling; she'd naturally feel a lot more comfortable at Skagos than White Harbour. Going south would always have been a stupid idea, particularly as Robb's war was doomed.
4632	protar	2013-05-10	I've been really disappointed with how Bran has been handled so far. It's not just that he doesn't have much material, that's not really D+D's fault, it's that his story is so jerky and disjointed. He's not in the premiere, then he has quite a lot of stuff in E2, then suddenly he's just disappearing every other episode and all of his scenes are the same mystical dream milarky every time. A good seven episode arc for Bran would have been:E1: Absent.E2: Osha thinks they're being followed. Bran sees Jojen in a green dream.E3: Meeting Jojen and Meera and allying with them.E4: Exposition on warging.E5: Absent.E6: Knight of the Laughing Tree story.E7: QueenscrownE8: AbsentE9: Osha and Rickon part from the main group.E10: Bran and the Reeds reach the Nightfort and meet Sam.Instead we've so far had IIRC.E1: AbsentE2: Dreams about then meets Jojen and Meera, exposition on warging.E3: AbsentE4: Has a dream.E5: Doesn't appearE6: Jojen has a dream. Cat fighting.And that's it over half way through the season. No meaningful development in 4 episodes. There's fortunately still time to redeem the second half of the story. Being chased by Ramsay's men (or hopefully Ramay himself) is going to be rather faux-dramatic for us who know that nothing will come of it, but hopefully can be written well. We can have a heartfelt parting scene for Osha and Rickon, a hopefully action-packed Queenscrown and a chilling Nightfort in episode 10.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 11 May 2013 - 05:12 AM.
4633	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	Do we know that Osha and Rickon are even splitting up this season?
I agree they've wasted the screen time w/Bran, we could have had the fire and ice oath when they met instead of a kind of silly knife at Osha's throat intro, we could have had some chatting about their father, as long as Bran is going to dream, why not give his dreams some meaning and interest...geeze, they could even have given Sean Bean a guest shot in a dream sequence, why not, it would certainly have been more interesting than skinning rabbits and an epileptic green dream that nobody saw on screen.
4634	protar	2013-05-10	Do we know that Osha and Rickon are even splitting up this season?Unless Davos' mission after Rickon turns out to be meaningless I think we can safely say that Osha and Rickon will be leaving for Skagos.
4635	Mark Antony	2013-05-10	I've been really disappointed with how Bran has been handled so far. It's not just that he doesn't have much material, that's not really D+D's fault, it's that his story is so jerky and disjointed. He's not in the premiere, then he has quite a lot of stuff in E2, then suddenly he's just disappearing every other episode and all of his scenes are the same mystical dream milarky every time. A good seven episode arc for Bran would have been:E1: Absent.E2: Osha thinks they're being followed. Bran sees Jojen in a green dream.E3: Meeting Jojen and Meera and allying with them.E4: Exposition on warging.E5: Absent.E6: Knight of the Laughing Tree story.E7: QueenscrownE8: AbsentE9: Osha and Rickon part from the main group.E10: Bran and the Reeds reach the Dreadfort and meet Sam.Instead we've so far had IIRC.E1: AbsentE2: Dreams about then meets Jojen and Meera, exposition on warging.E3: AbsentE4: Has a dream.E5: Doesn't appearE6: Jojen has a dream. Cat fighting.And that's it over half way through the season. No meaningful development in 4 episodes. There's fortunately still time to redeem the second half of the story. Being chased by Ramsay's men (or hopefully Ramay himself) is going to be rather faux-dramatic for us who know that nothing will come of it, but hopefully can be written well. We can have a heartfelt parting scene for Osha and Rickon, a hopefully action-packed Queenscrown and a chilling Nightfort in episode 10.It's Nightfort  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />. Really good post though /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4636	Cas Stark	2013-05-10	Unless Davos' mission after Rickon turns out to be meaningless I think we can safely say that Osha and Rickon will be leaving for Skagos.Maybe, but they could keep them together for another season or more before they split up, if they split up this season then there is nothing for Osha to do at all for the next two seasons unless they start making up a Skaagos storyline.
4637	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	I've been really disappointed with how Bran has been handled so far. It's not just that he doesn't have much material, that's not really D+D's fault, it's that his story is so jerky and disjointed. He's not in the premiere, then he has quite a lot of stuff in E2, then suddenly he's just disappearing every other episode and all of his scenes are the same mystical dream milarky every time. A good seven episode arc for Bran would have been:E1: Absent.E2: Osha thinks they're being followed. Bran sees Jojen in a green dream.E3: Meeting Jojen and Meera and allying with them.E4: Exposition on warging.E5: Absent.E6: Knight of the Laughing Tree story.E7: QueenscrownE8: AbsentE9: Osha and Rickon part from the main group.E10: Bran and the Reeds reach the Dreadfort and meet Sam.Instead we've so far had IIRC.E1: AbsentE2: Dreams about then meets Jojen and Meera, exposition on warging.E3: AbsentE4: Has a dream.E5: Doesn't appearE6: Jojen has a dream. Cat fighting.And that's it over half way through the season. No meaningful development in 4 episodes. There's fortunately still time to redeem the second half of the story. Being chased by Ramsay's men (or hopefully Ramay himself) is going to be rather faux-dramatic for us who know that nothing will come of it, but hopefully can be written well. We can have a heartfelt parting scene for Osha and Rickon, a hopefully action-packed Queenscrown and a chilling Nightfort in episode 10.you are exactly right, it doesn't cost money or much time to simply have Meera telling Bran a story! a rather important story that fan all over the world have really been looking forward to.. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' /> Maybe, but they could keep them together for another season or more before they split up, if they split up this season then there is nothing for Osha to do at all for the next two seasons unless they start making up a Skaagos storyline. I think they will split this season, also in a preview (which looks a lot like Sam meeting them at the Nightfort) there is no Osha and Rickon, so either they were sleeping some where else away from the fire or they had already split. I kinda figured they would just ditch the two for a couple of seasons, it would add to the mystery and suspense of where they are and whats happened to them, also young children are hard to film with it would made sense IMO if Rickon and Osha were left out for a while
4638	protar	2013-05-11	It's Nightfort  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />. Really good post though /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Hah, so it is. Fixed it.
4639	Joyful Union	2013-05-11	E1: Absent.E2: Osha thinks they're being followed. Bran sees Jojen in a green dream.E3: Meeting Jojen and Meera and allying with them.E4: Exposition on warging.E5: Absent.E6: Knight of the Laughing Tree story.E7: QueenscrownE8: AbsentE9: Osha and Rickon part from the main group.E10: Bran and the Reeds reach the Nightfort and meet Sam.This all sounds fine, but the Knight of the Laughing tree would be kind of a pointless addition, because 1) The Rhaegar/Lyanna story has barely been touched upon, and if the tower of Joy was cut, why would this be in? 2) Non - Book readers are having enough trouble with current story lines without a lengthy story about characters we haven't met, that may be a nice story, but actually doesn't advance the plot much
4640	protar	2013-05-11	This all sounds fine, but the Knight of the Laughing tree would be kind of a pointless addition, because 1) The Rhaegar/Lyanna story has barely been touched upon, and if the tower of Joy was cut, why would this be in? 2) Non - Book readers are having enough trouble with current story lines without a lengthy story about characters we haven't met, that may be a nice story, but actually doesn't advance the plot muchFair enough, though I still say it should be in at some point even if it's in a couple seasons time. You could easily switch that out for Ramsay hunting the Bran clan for an episode or 2 to add a bit more suspense.
4641	Gendels Children	2013-05-11	hmm maybe the whole reason they are bringing this Osha and Meera conflicting issue in, instead of giving us the telling of histories and tales, is because they are going to have quite a lot of time with just the Reeds and Bran traveling, which would be a fine time to bring up stories. while they still have Osha maybe they are just trying to fill in some extra little dramas and give us a bit of a chuckle.
EDIT: clearly Hodor will be with them too, but he's not much for conversation /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 11 May 2013 - 08:28 AM.
4642	JohnnyMac	2013-05-07	Full recap here.[img]http://static.happyplace.com/assets/images/2013/05/518949fd4ca3c.jpg[/img]full article at HappyPlace
4643	Ampris	2013-05-11	I tried making a post for this back at the beginning of the season, and it never got approved. But I love these recaps, they make the episode ten times better.
4644	Broken Fox	2013-05-11	Haha! I love these.
4645	Dove	2013-05-11	Samwell Tarly is sharing his Spotify playlist Songs About How Awesome Dads Are! with Gilly.hahahaha I didn't quite make that connection until reading the recap, Sam you jackass
4646	Khal Porno	2013-05-11	"Everything is coming up Baelish" LOL!
4647	Broken Fox	2013-05-11	Lord Beric: SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS There isn't another side. Total darkness. END SPOILERS
4648	Randyll Tarly	2013-05-05	In the little interview that Theon had with the boy, it was pretty clear with who Theon was dealing. And the fact that the boy enjoyed every second of it already gives us who he is. Yet, What do you guys think of the way the Boy is making bets with Theon? I really loved when he sat down like accepting defeat at the Question and Answer session yet his joy when telling Theon he forgot to ask the most important question after what he has been through gave him the victory look he was searching as Theon plead for mercy. Who else would like to gamble with the Boy?
4649	Ser Lemmington	2013-05-06	I LOVED the horn-blowing. That definitely confirms that it was him who was the "Horn Blowing Cunt" from season 2. That scene definitely establishes that this "boy" is Ramsay indeed and Iwan Rheon does SUCH a good job at playing this bas Bolton. I thought they made some stupid character change when he said that Theon won, but I laughed with glee when he said that he was a liar. I can't wait to see what happens when someone calls him the thing he doesn't want to be called.
4650	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-06	I knew Theon was getting all the questions wrong and "Boy" was just toying with him, which is what he's been doing all along.
The HORN is the first hint to remind people about what they saw last season and start to connect the dots.
4651	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Yep. The fact that they made the flayed man sigil SOOO obvious in the Jaime, Brienne scene (in my opinion. Look at how much of the shots of Jaime and Brienne it takes up) and Theon has been on that cross for so long shows that they are really hoping that people will start to pick up on things...
And then they add in the horn and hopefully, HOPEFULLY, there are some genius unsullied out there. Honestly the clues are ALL THERE at this point, in my opinion. With this episode they gave you everything you need.
Sigil+Theon=connection to boltons
Theon was knocked out, so he couldn't have burned Winterfell.
Ramsay+hornblower= Bolton burning of Winterfell. 
It's quite a simple deduction when you put it that way.
4652	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	That and the fact that Theon's crucified in the same manner as the flayed man of House Bolton, which Jaime called out.
4653	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	D'oh! Beaten to the punch.
4654	Tirilei	2013-05-06	I was just thinking of Criminal Minds during that scene. Like "what would I do?"  Observe, find clues, analyze behavior, that's the only thing a victim could do.
4655	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I love how Ramsay is just fucking with theon.
4656	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	YESS there are unsullied who have figured it out! http://www.avclub.co...-newbies,96930/What remains to be learned is his affiliation, but I think we have our answer. Keen-eyed viewers like myself might spot the banner in Roose Bolton<U+0080><U+0099>s chambers later on in the episode. His red man is hanging upside down on a big X, much like the one Theon<U+0080><U+0099>s nailed to. The show does its best to make that visual clear without being completely ostentatious (it took me this long to notice it) but I think it<U+0080><U+0099>s clear Theon is held captive by the Boltons, who seem like an increasingly unsavory bunch. Sure, Roose maintains an air of hospitality, but one of his dudes cut off Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s hand, and the other is the sickest fucker alive.this brings a smile to my heart.
4657	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Did they mess with the Bolton colors tho? Aren't they red and pink but the show has a blue background behind the flayed man? I hope I saw that wrong. Minor point I know but dammnit I loved that the Boltons rocked the pink capes.
4658	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	Did they mess with the Bolton colors tho? Aren't they red and pink but the show has a blue background behind the flayed man? I hope I saw that wrong. Minor point I know but dammnit I loved that the Boltons rocked the pink capes.I think so, when I first saw their banners I thought it was the Tully's. Not even joking. It's funny that none of the non book watchers I know didn't catch any of these big hints.
4659	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Highlight of the episode IMO. My Unsullied friend asked me why "Boy" would torture Theon. Oh, my sweet summer child... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4660	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	Highlight of the episode IMO. My Unsullied friend asked me why "Boy" would torture Theon. Oh, my sweet summer child... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I told family members "because he's psycho, there's not much else to say." My boyfriend kept asking me why Theon didn't recognize "Boy" if he's a northerner.... *face palm*
4661	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I think so, when I first saw their banners I thought it was the Tully's. Not even joking.It's funny that none of the non book watchers I know didn't catch any of these big hints.Haha I thought it was the Tully banner too when that dude Locke first captured Brienne & Jamie. Glad I wasn't losing my mind.(Aside-- WHY WOULD THEY MESS WITH THE COLORS?! That's like the simplest thing to get right.)
4662	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	I told family members "because he's psycho, there's not much else to say."My boyfriend kept asking me why Theon didn't recognize "Boy" if he's a northerner.... *face palm*I didn't tell my friend who Ramsay was, but I did tell him that he's the sickest fuck in the series. He seemed baffled that someone could be much worse than Joffrey.
4663	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	I didn't tell my friend who Ramsay was, but I did tell him that he's the sickest fuck in the series. He seemed baffled that someone could be much worse than Joffrey. I told them that Ramsay makes Joffrey look like a fairy princess.
4664	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Haha, I said pretty much the same thing, except I used Sansa instead of "fairy princess".
4665	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	Haha I thought it was the Tully banner too when that dude Locke first captured Brienne & Jamie. Glad I wasn't losing my mind.(Aside-- WHY WOULD THEY MESS WITH THE COLORS?! That's like the simplest thing to get right.)Simply for the sake of contrast, I'd guess.  The traditional red and pink probably wouldn't stand out as much in the background, making it harder for tv show watchers to get the hint.
4666	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	Haha, I said pretty much the same thing, except I used Sansa instead of "fairy princess".They just need to know how awful he really is and both comparisons get that point across I think.
4667	Kernest	2013-05-06	I think part of the reason they messed with the colors is how silly they look. I remember reading the books, and I believe it was Ramsay described wearing the Bolton colors, and all I could picture was a giant pink dildo standing there next to fake-Arya, though that is rather apt description of Ramsay's character...
4668	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Simply for the sake of contrast, I'd guess.  The traditional red and pink probably wouldn't stand out as much in the background, making it harder for tv show watchers to get the hint.But why for the love of the seven did they go with blue, the same blue of the Tullys? I wasn't the only one who confused it with Tully colors at first glance. Now if they had gone with say bright yellow, then I would've just lol'd and shrugged.
4669	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	But why for the love of the seven did they go with blue, the same blue of the Tullys? I wasn't the only one who confused it with Tully colors at first glance. Now if they had gone with say bright yellow, then I would've just lol'd and shrugged.Black for the background color could've worked. Nice contrast and with the pink, no confusion.
4670	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I think part of the reason they messed with the colors is how silly they look. I remember reading the books, and I believe it was Ramsay described wearing the Bolton colors, and all I could picture was a giant pink dildo standing there next to fake-Arya, though that is rather apt description of Ramsay's character...LOL @ giant pink dildo. But picturing Roose and Ramsy owning others with their pink capes billowing behind them was part of their awesomeness. Can you imagine the outcome for anyone making fun of them for wearing pink?? Plus pink tied in thematically w/ their sigil.
4671	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Black for the background color could've worked. Nice contrast and with the pink, no confusion.True, black would've been a good & classy alternative if they had to change it.
4672	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-06	YESS there are unsullied who have figured it out!http://www.avclub.co...-newbies,96930/this brings a smile to my heart.Sorry to rain on your parade but I believe the odds of people invested enough in posting there actually looking up information is pretty high. That said, it's not impossible for someone to figure it out just by watching the show.
4673	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-05-06	Iwan Rheon does a REALLY good job.
He has these super crazy looks and his eyes are almost exactly like i pictured them.
4674	Dragonstoned	2013-05-06	Blowing the vuvuzela at the beginning was a nice touch, 'horn-blowing cunt'. Nightmares for everyone who watched the last World Cup.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 06 May 2013 - 06:10 AM.
4675	Maester Ruin	2013-05-06	i find it odd that theon failed to guess where he was being held, really. growing up in the north, he should not only know how the bolton sigil looks, but he should also have heard rumors about their tradition of flaying people (since ned had to outlaw it).
Now he is tied to an x-shaped cross, having his finger flayed. he should be able to put 2 and 2 togheter even in such a stressful situation,
4676	Er Rn	2013-05-06	The horn blowing was hilarious. He's a troll, that Ramsay.
4677	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-06	That was great. That psychopath is the Ramsay I've been looking forward to.
4678	GoldenFleece	2013-05-06	Question is when will Ramsay be revealed?  I ask that because in the books Roose gives the skin of one of Theon's fingers to Cat and Robb before the RW.
4679	YTDN	2013-05-06	^I'm betting on it being next week. They dangled the mystery over our heads this week, and I really think they can't drag it out any longer after that.
4680	DragonAge93	2013-05-06	Daaaamn Iwan Rheon is doing such a fantastic job with "Boy"/Ramsay. He plays him so creepily well, it's definitely scary. And I never even connected the horn blowing to the horn blower outside WInterfell.
4681	episodenone	2013-05-06	The HORN is the first hint to remind people about what they saw last season and start to connect the dots.Could you please remind about this?
4682	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Could you please remind about this?http://i.imgur.com/D2E1PHd.jpg
4683	lannistergold	2013-05-06	In the spirit of Ramsay's game, I challenge my non-reader friends and family to guess which family "the Boy" is from based on cues in this episode (and flay them if they still haven't worked it out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ).
					
					
							Edited by lannistergold, 06 May 2013 - 08:10 AM.
4684	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	I think D&D were deliberately yanking our chains with the Karstark stuff, and kudos to them for that.
4685	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-05-06	<--------
Back in Black
4686	Peptalk	2013-05-06	In the spirit of Ramsay's game, I challenge my non-reader friends and family to guess which family "the Boy" is from based on cues in this episode (and flay them if they still haven't worked it out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ).Oh, nice move! I'm gonna do the same, heh.
4687	Peptalk	2013-05-06	I think D&D were deliberately yanking our chains with the Karstark stuff, and kudos to them for that.Yeah, I was like wth?! when he said he was a Karstark, until I realized it was part of his game.
4688	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	I'm surprised everyone isn't complaining about Ramsay's death being spoiled. It's pretty clear that Reek kills Ramsay.
4689	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	I'm surprised everyone isn't complaining about Ramsay's death being spoiled. It's pretty clear that Reek kills Ramsay.What?
4690	Dove	2013-05-06	I'm surprised everyone isn't complaining about Ramsay's death being spoiled. It's pretty clear that Reek kills Ramsay.I certainly hope so, but I don't think we can take "I'll kill that horn-blowing cunt" as a 100% guarantee of what will happen. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4691	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	I certainly hope so, but I don't think we can take "I'll kill that horn-blowing cunt" as a 100% guarantee of what will happen. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />That style of foreshadowing is right up GRRM's alley. I'd make a wager that Theon kills Ramsay and also dies in the process.
4692	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	There's more convincing foreshadowing that Jon will be the one to off Ramsay.
4693	Sun and Moon	2013-05-06	True, black would've been a good & classy alternative if they had to change it.Most definitely. That would have been my choice, given the book's telling a of a certain event yet to be seen, where Daddy Dearest returns to the scene, after a brief absence, having slipped out of his dress tunic and into his black armour and pink cloak.Also... not only where we getting the hint from the Bolton banner, but also even in the Brotherhood scene, when the shape of the Flayed man is echoed by the shape of the archery butt.
4694	I'm_Tim	2013-05-06	There's more convincing foreshadowing that Jon will be the one to off Ramsay.Nope. Theon flat out says it. It will be the end of Theon's redemption cycle.
4695	The Drunkard	2013-05-06	Nope. Theon flat out says it. It will be the end of Theon's redemption cycle.Remember Chett?Guy was the son of a leechman, kept a pack of dogs, had aspirations to be a lord or even a king, had a fetish for brutalising women, was foiled by snow.
4696	Winterz	2013-05-06	I knew he was Ramsay but for a minute there, he got me fooled with all the Karstark talk considering he seemed genuinely affected by Torrhen's death.
His scenes are all great.
4697	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Most definitely. That would have been my choice, given the book's telling a of a certain event yet to be seen, where Daddy Dearest returns to the scene, after a brief absence, having slipped out of his dress tunic and into his black armour and pink cloak.Also... not only where we getting the hint from the Bolton banner, but also even in the Brotherhood scene, when the shape of the Flayed man is echoed by the shape of the archery butt.You're right, I forgot about his black armor.
4698	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-06	I knew he was Ramsay but for a minute there, he got me fooled with all the Karstark talk considering he seemed genuinely affected by Torrhen's death.His scenes are all great.He was probably drawing on personal experience. Ramsay does have a dead older brother, remember...
4699	Winterz	2013-05-06	He was probably drawing on personal experience. Ramsay does have a dead older brother, remember...Yeah...he always had a close relation with his brother and all /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4700	WhiteGuts	2013-05-06	God help me but, I think I'm starting to like Ramsay Snow  Bolton.
4701	Lord Godric	2013-05-06	I know he mentioned that he lies, but I though the fact that he was agreeing to being a Karstark is just going to confuse people about who he really is. Maybe that's what they want, but besides cleverly placing Bolton banners depicting a flayed man on the same type of cross behind Jaime and Brienne I don't think people have any idea about who Boy is supposed to be. Except now he admits to being a Karstark.
4702	ShigellaSand	2013-05-06	LOL @ giant pink dildo. But picturing Roose and Ramsy owning others with their pink capes billowing behind them was part of their awesomeness. Can you imagine the outcome for anyone making fun of them for wearing pink?? Plus pink tied in thematically w/ their sigil.I very much doubt pink is in any way a color to be "made fun of" in Westeros. It wasn't even seen as girly until the 20th century in our world, after all. Westeros doesn't seem to be the kind of place to associate colors with genders, more with houses/families.
4703	Juli Cachet	2013-05-06	Ramsay was hilarious this episode, loved the horn-blowing! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
I somehow can't even feel for Theon, just want more of Iwan Rheon. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4704	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	I know he mentioned that he lies, but I though the fact that he was agreeing to being a Karstark is just going to confuse people about who he really is. Maybe that's what they want, but besides cleverly placing Bolton banners depicting a flayed man on the same type of cross behind Jaime and Brienne I don't think people have any idea about who Boy is supposed to be. Except now he admits to being a Karstark.Yup my non book reader friends thought he was a Karstark i felt bad saying noo he was lying about everything!
4705	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	I very much doubt pink is in any way a color to be "made fun of" in Westeros. It wasn't even seen as girly until the 20th century in our world, after all. Westeros doesn't seem to be the kind of place to associate colors with genders, more with houses/families.Oh, I agree with you that pink has different connotations in Westeros, and I know the history of the color pink in our world. In my original comment, I was making light of the fact that the Boltons are badass but in our *current* world, pink is feminine. Sorry for the confusion.
4706	Young Nan	2013-05-06	Yup my non book reader friends thought he was a Karstark i felt bad saying noo he was lying about everything!Mine too.  They were all like, "so wait.  he ISN'T a Karstark?"They created a lot of confusion with that.Boy kicks ass though. probably one of the only things I like about season three, he seems like such a psycho.
4707	rodrik Cassel	2013-05-06	I never pictured ramsay to be funny or something but showramsay has his moments /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4708	SOSRadio	2013-05-06	"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4709	Nymeria's pup	2013-05-06	"Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  That was awesome!I have to say I was laughing a bit during the Boy scene last night. I am disturbed by that because I hate Ramsey so much, but tv Ramsey has a way of making me laugh even though he is so sick and twisted. Also I thought for sure that non-book readers should be able to deduce that Boy is a Bolton from the sigil and Theon being affixed to the X. I guess though I assume too much. I thought it was made rather obvious that he is a Bolton even if they have not figured out that he is Lord Bolton's son. They are going to have to up the ante with Boy's tactics thought to make sure the non-book readers know that Ramsey is way worse than Joffery. That scene with Ros shocked me even though I was not a fan of her character. That should not be too difficult to do.
4710	So1ar	2013-05-06	(Aside-- WHY WOULD THEY MESS WITH THE COLORS?! That's like the simplest thing to get right.)A lot of things like that have to do with contrast issues due to filming. An example that comes to mind is the Kingsguard. They tried to have them in all white, however it looked really weird on film so they had to add some contrast. Just a guess that's why some of the banners were changed. They don't make these changes just to fuck with us /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4711	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I am now totally engaged.
I wish there was some way I could get around 'delight' but that is how I felt about 'Boy's' humour throughout the scene, right from the horn-blowing.
4712	ugashep	2013-05-06	I didn't tell my friend who Ramsay was, but I did tell him that he's the sickest fuck in the series. He seemed baffled that someone could be much worse than Joffrey. This comparison is going to be inevitable with non-book readers but as the book readers know it isn't really even close. Joffrey is really just a punk kid with Daddy issues at the core, if you take his name and position away, he's nothing. Ramsay is basically a serial killer, who would be dangerous with or without power or opportune birth.
4713	ugashep	2013-05-06	/cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  That was awesome!I am disturbed by that because I hate Ramsey so much, but tv Ramsey has a way of making me laugh even though he is so sick and twisted. I just finished re-reading aDwD and I sadly I found Ramsay flat out funny a time or too also where before I was just horrified, I think the thing is that he is just such an over the top dick, you have to laugh. I still hate the guy more than anyone else in the series. I wish he'd get to meet the real Arya Stark, and she'd make an end to him.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 06 May 2013 - 02:00 PM.
4714	ugashep	2013-05-06	I'm surprised everyone isn't complaining about Ramsay's death being spoiled. It's pretty clear that Reek kills Ramsay. This is masterful trolling, I salute you ser.
4715	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-06	I just finished re-reading aDwD and I sadly I found Ramsay flat out funny a time or too also where before I was just horrified, I think the thing is that he is just such an over the top dick, you have to laugh. I still hate the guy more than anyone else in the series. I wish he'd get to meet the real Arya Stark, and she'd make an end to him.He's up there with Daario for me - I'm not really sure what others' opinions are of him but I've just flat out never liked the guy whereas other "shady" characters or even flat-out villains have admirable qualities it's hard for me to see any in people like Ramsay or Daario (perhaps the latter only because I just don't trust him but could end up being proven wrong moving forward)
4716	Mammothsbane	2013-05-06	"Deepwood Motte?"
" LOL TERRIBLE GUESS!"
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 06 May 2013 - 04:03 PM.
4717	Warrior Queen	2013-05-06	I really liked the scene but seriously..how could Theon not know he was a Bolton.I mean, Theon has lived in the north for the biggest part of his life and everyone knows the Bolton's have the flayed man as they sigil. And it's rumored they still practice it. Theon should have known that.But Iwan Rheon is great, I love his evil look.
4718	SilentSense	2013-05-06	I was just thinking of Criminal Minds during that scene. Like "what would I do?"  Observe, find clues, analyze behavior, that's the only thing a victim could do.I think I'd be too busy screaming in agony and shitting myself to get much analysis done.
4719	Bolton's Bastard	2013-05-06	I'm surprised everyone isn't complaining about Ramsay's death being spoiled. It's pretty clear that Reek kills Ramsay.Theon making a big fuss and screaming about killing that "horn blowing cunt" was obviously a nod to readers, since we all pretty much had an idea who was waiting for him out there. I doubt that was foreshadowing.Theon raging about was more for us to react in the way of "Ohhh, you silly Greyjoy...if only you knew"
4720	BananaSpice	2013-05-06	I get the sense that Theon is so focused on his guilt at betraying Robb (ROBB NOT "THE STARKS" OR "THE NORTH" BUT ROBB, WHO HE SEES AS A BROTHER /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> ) that he isn't picking up on the clues, and is just stuck in this assumption that he's being punished for his betrayal. He can't fathom that someone would be doing this to him for no reason. ... although I guess the Boltons SHOULD have a reason (loyal to Robb, lol).
4721	bbstark	2013-05-06	the so called "humor" that Ramsey portrayed in this episode makes him all that more terrifying...
I'm not judging anyone who actually thought it was funny, but think about this:  doesn't it all remind you of the joker's "why so serious?"
creeeeepy... seriously, that scene... the hair on the back of my neck just STOOD UP!
4722	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	Oh, it was brilliant. I was laughing a little, but that's because I always laugh at inappropriate things. Iwan's masterful at being evilly interesting. I wonder if he'll have the same hangup as book!Ramsay--that obsession with being more than a bastard. I like book!Ramsay because he makes me feel such an intense level of disgust, and a wee bit of giggles at just how over-the-top he is. Like the scene where he unchains Theon and says "You'll not tell him anything, and when you get back I'm taking another finger." Theon just starts crying. It's awful and cringeworthy but a little humorous because of how senselessly cruel it is. 
Theon specifically saying Robb  made me /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' /> .
As for not realizing it's the Boltons, I think he's just really exhausted and not thinking. Plus, I never got the feeling the Starks were close with the Boltons. He might have only seen Roose a few times in Robb's council, and never been near the Dreadfort.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 06 May 2013 - 06:06 PM.
4723	yolkboy	2013-05-06	Remember when Theon was in Winterfell, pulling his hair out because of 'that fucking horn blower'?
 /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
4724	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	the so called "humor" that Ramsey portrayed in this episode makes him all that more terrifying...I'm not judging anyone who actually thought it was funny, but think about this:  doesn't it all remind you of the joker's "why so serious?"creeeeepy... seriously, that scene... the hair on the back of my neck just STOOD UP!Yeah, a ruthless villain that's actually quite funny/clever is way scarier. Book Ramsay is just straight up crazy/evil. not really a funny or clever guy.
4725	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Yeah, a ruthless villain that's actually quite funny/clever is way scarier. Book Ramsay is just straight up crazy/evil. not really a funny or clever guy.A liiitle bit off topic, but I saw a vsauce video once where he basically said that we find things funny because they teach us something new. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ddV6jyDeCKASo basically, smart/funny villains may be scarier precisely because they are smart and funny, which in some way indicates a higher level of intelligence than our own because they are constantly "teaching" us but they also have hurtful intentions? I don't know. Something to think about I guess LOL
4726	The Hound's Lady	2013-05-06	It is definitely possible for unsullied to get the Bolton connection.  One of my friends, who in general has trouble remembering characters names, put two and two together several episodes ago.  She saw Bolton's sigil after one of the torture scenes and then remembered Bolton talking about his bastard.  I was so proud!
As to when they're going to reveal Ramsey, I'm not sure they can do it that soon.  Once he reveals who he is he'll take Theon outside and show him all of his flayed Ironborn friends.  At that point it's going to be fairly obvious who burned Winterfell and viewers really can't know that until the RW, otherwise they'll know whose side Roose is on.
4727	ugashep	2013-05-06	Yeah, a ruthless villain that's actually quite funny/clever is way scarier. Book Ramsay is just straight up crazy/evil. not really a funny or clever guy. The first time I read aDwD I was horrified by Ramsay and hated his guts, the second time I read it I still hate him but I have to laugh at shit like when he gets pissed at Theon for "eating my lord father's dungeon rats without my leave". I mean that's over the top dickness that just made me chuckle the second time through, I still hate the guy and can't wait for him to get his comeuppance.
4728	go joff go	2013-05-06	"Deepwood Motte?"" LOL TERRIBLE GUESS!"You know whats so great about that line, is that quite a few bookreaders speculated last episode thats where they were going from the preview.  Its almost like the writers were psychic about what people would think
4729	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	Time to put a fork in this story line. Next episode has another scene. I just want Ramsey to name himself, and for Theon to get his new name, then we can leave them until it's time for Ramsey to set himself up in Winterfell and marry fake Arya; in Season 5.
4730	tmug	2013-05-06	Theon. Poor Theon.
If he was so well informed about the Houses of the North, why wouldn't he have guessed the Dreadfort? House Bolton? The House that waves a banner with a man being tortured on an X.
Maybe there are hundreds of houses out there...
4731	BearShin	2013-05-06	Time to put a fork in this story line. Next episode has another scene. I just want Ramsey to name himself, and for Theon to get his new name, then we can leave them until it's time for Ramsey to set himself up in Winterfell and marry fake Arya; in Season 5.Yes. What's the point of watching Theon get tortured for two seasons?
4732	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	I'm wondering if Ramsay's long intro means he's going to have pretty prominent role. Like, they haven't shown other "side villains" very much. Maybe Ramsay's going to be the type of villain who always dodges the bullet -- in TWOW/ADOS I mean.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 06 May 2013 - 09:44 PM.
4733	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-06	I'm becoming more and more convinced that Iwan is an actual torturer and not an actor. He probably has no idea that he's even on a tv show.
Creepy, creepy dude.
4734	Randyll Tarly	2013-05-06	I'm becoming more and more convinced that Iwan is an actual torturer and not an actor. He probably has no idea that he's even on a tv show.Creepy, creepy dude.Thus, earning his rank as the great choice for portraying my dear "Boy". His look reminds me of the Killing Joke in a way...
4735	Randyll Tarly	2013-05-06	Yes. What's the point of watching Theon get tortured for two seasons?Probably we will be seeing Theon acting as the messenger boy to all the Iron Islanders in the North of a "peace" treaty.
4736	lostinwesteros	2013-05-06	Time to put a fork in this story line. Next episode has another scene. I just want Ramsey to name himself, and for Theon to get his new name, then we can leave them until it's time for Ramsey to set himself up in Winterfell and marry fake Arya; in Season 5.My thoughts exactly.  And while we're at it, I'd like to cut Mel out of this thing, too.  Pick her up at the Wall.Theon. Poor Theon.If he was so well informed about the Houses of the North, why wouldn't he have guessed the Dreadfort? House Bolton? The House that waves a banner with a man being tortured on an X.Maybe there are hundreds of houses out there...That's something that has always bothered me...When Ramsay originally 'set Theon loose', he told him to ride east.  Where in the world did Theon think he was to start with if riding east would take him to Deepwood Motte?
4737	Mr Smith	2013-05-06	Time to put a fork in this story line. Next episode has another scene. I just want Ramsey to name himself, and for Theon to get his new name, then we can leave them until it's time for Ramsey to set himself up in Winterfell and marry fake Arya; in Season 5.I seriously don't know how you can say this. For a start, we haven't had episode after episode of Theon being tortured, he's only even featured in 4! First episode: we see him tortured but we have no idea what's going on. Second episode: we see him rescued by Ramsay, twice, who at this point is looking to the non book readers like a real badass. Third episode: we get some really good heartfelt moments from Theon before the rug is pulled out from under us. This episode: we see Ramsay's sadism for the first time. There's a lot of stuff they can still pull from the book without it just being endless torture scenes, and I've really loved what they've done with this arc. Keep it up I say!An aside: I actually totally missed the "fucking horn-blower" reference, good pick guys.Another aside: the original pink and red of house bolton were unrealistic and would have looked ridiculous on screen. I'm glad they've changed them.
4738	Minsc	2013-05-06	I seriously don't know how you can say this. For a start, we haven't had episode after episode of Theon being tortured, he's only even featured in 4!There has been only six episodes, he has had equal screen time with Dany.  Don't get me wrong Theon is my favorite character and I love Alfie Allen, however I don't want to see him being brutally tortured every week nor do I want to see some of the more vicious acts against him.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 06 May 2013 - 10:33 PM.
4739	SOSRadio	2013-05-06	Just made the connection with the "fucking horn blower!"
Man, Ramsay's been screwing with Theon since before they even met. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4740	Head of The Ned	2013-05-06	Loved this scene. Everything about it.
4741	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	I seriously don't know how you can say this. For a start, we haven't had episode after episode of Theon being tortured, he's only even featured in 4! First episode: we see him tortured but we have no idea what's going on. Second episode: we see him rescued by Ramsay, twice, who at this point is looking to the non book readers like a real badass. Third episode: we get some really good heartfelt moments from Theon before the rug is pulled out from under us. This episode: we see Ramsay's sadism for the first time. There's a lot of stuff they can still pull from the book without it just being endless torture scenes, and I've really loved what they've done with this arc. Keep it up I say!An aside: I actually totally missed the "fucking horn-blower" reference, good pick guys.Actually there's nothing they can pull from the book, because Theon is entirely absent until we catch up with him as the fully (de)formed Reek. For TV show purposes we need to see the breaking of Theon about as much as we needed to see Joff shooting crossbow bolts into Ros; which is to say not at all. Sufficient to see the end result. Episode 1 could have simply been a scene where Ramsey is actually named and the torture begins. Then we are left wondering what becomes of Theon throughout the season. Episode 10 could have been a decrepit Theon with missing teeth and fingers, eating a rat in a dimly lit dungeon and us hearing his new name "Hello my Reek!", "Hello master." The imagination of the viewer can fill in the blanks.
4742	Gendels Children	2013-05-07	Yep. The fact that they made the flayed man sigil SOOO obvious in the Jaime, Brienne scene (in my opinion. Look at how much of the shots of Jaime and Brienne it takes up) and Theon has been on that cross for so long shows that they are really hoping that people will start to pick up on things...And then they add in the horn and hopefully, HOPEFULLY, there are some genius unsullied out there. Honestly the clues are ALL THERE at this point, in my opinion. With this episode they gave you everything you need.Sigil+Theon=connection to boltonsTheon was knocked out, so he couldn't have burned Winterfell.Ramsay+hornblower= Bolton burning of Winterfell.It's quite a simple deduction when you put it that way.your very right, your have said exactly what i wanted to, so thank you, and damb you for beating me ;DDid they mess with the Bolton colors tho? Aren't they red and pink but the show has a blue background behind the flayed man? I hope I saw that wrong. Minor point I know but dammnit I loved that the Boltons rocked the pink capes.Haha I thought it was the Tully banner too when that dude Locke first captured Brienne & Jamie. Glad I wasn't losing my mind.(Aside-- WHY WOULD THEY MESS WITH THE COLORS?! That's like the simplest thing to get right.)im quite sure the did it knowing full well what the colours where meant to be. maybe they thought pink was a little to solf and would not be pulled off quite aswell for a group of dark, harsh, strong northmen. red is a much 'scarier' or more evil colour.i am with you though, i was looking forward to the menacing pinkness of doooom!
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 07 May 2013 - 12:30 AM.
4743	Gendels Children	2013-05-07	im very greatful they are keeping theons treatment very 'by the book' making him beg to have the limbs cut off, messing with his head, making him think he was free just to capture him again, disrupting his sleep, flaying... its all so good. i few things are different but all in all very good IMHO
4744	GeorgeIAF	2013-05-07	In the preview of the next episode we see him crawling and shouting "mercy" and "no please" while we are seeing a gelding knife, i think he's getting castrated in the next episode.
4745	The_Lone_Direwolf	2013-05-07	My sister is a total unsullied and has been trying for a few weeks to work out who 'boy' is.
I've told her there is clues everywhere and not just in the Theon scenes and even last season.
I thought a few times last night it would click, especially after the torture scene when they cut to Bolton's dinner with the sigil in the background.
Then out of no where I get a message asking if he is a Bolton, not because of the cross, the horn blowing or the flaying...
Because of the way he poured out the water in front of Theon...
She said it reminded her how Locke did that to Jamie and they are both 'hunters'.
I didn't even think of that but she is getting close.
I'm loving how Ramsey was taunting the viewer and getting them to play the game, I think Theon will find out when the viewer does and both will find out
when Ramsey wants them to.
4746	Adelstein	2013-05-07	Yes. What's the point of watching Theon get tortured for two seasons?A couple of reasons. It's just not acceptable in a TV show to have a major character disappear for two complete seasons. Apart from anything else, it's not practical - if they're going to keep Alfie Allen on contract then they need to give him screen time, and if they release him from contract they can't guarantee they'll get him back for season 5.Secondly, there's the "show don't tell" rule. This is more important in a medium like TV than in books, where it's still kind of important, because we don't get the interior monologues and private thoughts and memories of a character to inform what's going on. It's dramatically more effective to show things on screen rather than just talk about them after they happen. On some occasions (major battle scenes, etc.) the budget may preclude it, but that doesn't apply here.Third, it introduces Ramsay as a villain at an appropriate stage. We lose a lot of villains throughout next season and it's better to start building up a replacement now. Again, this is something of a show-don't-tell too: in the books we hear about Ramsay quite a while before he actually appears, which works ok on paper. Here, although he's been mentioned, the viewers really need to see him to cement him in their minds.As for the slow reveal, well I'd have thought that's obvious. Apart from introducing tension and mystery - laudable in and of themselves, I'd have thought - it also delays the big "Boltons are evil" reveal until the Red Wedding when it's finally plain for all to see. Revealing Ramsay's identity right now would telegraph Roose's betrayal too heavily.Apart from anything else, though, I think it's worth remembering that the Theon/Ramsay relationship in the book was actually established in a similar way - a long relationship between Theon and a vicious bastard whose actual identity was unknown, only for it to be revealed at a dramatic moment that he was in fact Ramsay. This has just shifted that a little later because the show needs some Theon scenes this season. Is the way the show is handling it any worse than the way the book did? In some ways I think it's actually a little better - I thought the reveal in the book was horribly botched.
4747	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-07	A bit of a gruesome question but why was Theon shouting "cut it off" when Ramsey was flaying him?
I thought the reason behind that was how Ramsey would flay the subjects fingers and leave them in agony until they begged him to amputate the finger. Did the writers not understand this or am I missing something.
4748	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	A bit of a gruesome question but why was Theon shouting "cut it off" when Ramsey was flaying him?I thought the reason behind that was how Ramsey would flay the subjects fingers and leave them in agony until they begged him to amputate the finger. Did the writers not understand this or am I missing something.Ramsay told him a minute earlier "I win the game if you beg me to cut your finger off"...
4749	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	Great scene with the dastardly evil Ramsay.
I hated book Theon but take pity on the TV Theon, he was a stupid bugger but didnt deserve that kind of torture!
4750	the hound of sansa	2013-05-07	Ramsay's best lines: - i win!!
                                 - do i look like a fucking Umber to you?
4751	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	How dumb is Theon that he couldn't even figure out that the family that takes satisfaction and pride in flaying people were the ones responsible for...flaying him?
4752	lostinasia	2013-05-07	I certainly hope so, but I don't think we can take "I'll kill that horn-blowing cunt" as a 100% guarantee of what will happen. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Hey! Remember back in season 1, when Ned told Jon that he'd tell him about his mother when he came back! That proves Ned is still alive! Damn, now I've been spoiled.
4753	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	How dumb is Theon that he couldn't even figure out that the family that takes satisfaction and pride in flaying people were the ones responsible for...flaying him?To be fair, I doubt anyone would be capable of thinking straight under such circumstances!
4754	BearShin	2013-05-07	A couple of reasons. It's just not acceptable in a TV show to have a major character disappear for two complete seasons. Apart from anything else, it's not practical - if they're going to keep Alfie Allen on contract then they need to give him screen time, and if they release him from contract they can't guarantee they'll get him back for season 5.Secondly, there's the "show don't tell" rule. This is more important in a medium like TV than in books, where it's still kind of important, because we don't get the interior monologues and private thoughts and memories of a character to inform what's going on. It's dramatically more effective to show things on screen rather than just talk about them after they happen. On some occasions (major battle scenes, etc.) the budget may preclude it, but that doesn't apply here.Third, it introduces Ramsay as a villain at an appropriate stage. We lose a lot of villains throughout next season and it's better to start building up a replacement now. Again, this is something of a show-don't-tell too: in the books we hear about Ramsay quite a while before he actually appears, which works ok on paper. Here, although he's been mentioned, the viewers really need to see him to cement him in their minds.As for the slow reveal, well I'd have thought that's obvious. Apart from introducing tension and mystery - laudable in and of themselves, I'd have thought - it also delays the big "Boltons are evil" reveal until the Red Wedding when it's finally plain for all to see. Revealing Ramsay's identity right now would telegraph Roose's betrayal too heavily.Apart from anything else, though, I think it's worth remembering that the Theon/Ramsay relationship in the book was actually established in a similar way - a long relationship between Theon and a vicious bastard whose actual identity was unknown, only for it to be revealed at a dramatic moment that he was in fact Ramsay. This has just shifted that a little later because the show needs some Theon scenes this season. Is the way the show is handling it any worse than the way the book did? In some ways I think it's actually a little better - I thought the reveal in the book was horribly botched.If they end up going through the Reek plotline (3 years is a long time), Theon will have been so transformed that they don't really need Alfie Allen, though it obviously be preferable to have him.Obviously "show, don't tell" is great guiding principle for writing, but you can make an exception for torture. You can establish the nature of an abusive relationship without flashing back to every time the man beats the women.But that's just why the Theon scenes don't have to be there. The reason they shouldn't is that for anybody who hasn't read the books, there's going ot be two or more years of Theon tied to a cross, screaming, without any apparent payoff. That's just bad tv.
4755	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-07	If they end up going through the Reek plotline (3 years is a long time), Theon will have been so transformed that they don't really need Alfie Allen, though it obviously be preferable to have him.Obviously "show, don't tell" is great guiding principle for writing, but you can make an exception for torture. You can establish the nature of an abusive relationship without flashing back to every time the man beats the women.But that's just why the Theon scenes don't have to be there. The reason they shouldn't is that for anybody who hasn't read the books, there's going ot be two or more years of Theon tied to a cross, screaming, without any apparent payoff. That's just bad tv.Unless they show Ramsay hunting women with dogs and his Reek!
4756	'96Buck	2013-05-07	A bit of a gruesome question but why was Theon shouting "cut it off" when Ramsey was flaying him?I thought the reason behind that was how Ramsey would flay the subjects fingers and leave them in agony until they begged him to amputate the finger. Did the writers not understand this or am I missing something.Since we don't have days to watch Theon's exposed flesh dessicate or putrefy, D&D just accelerated the timeline and assume that the pain threshhold for which amputation seems like the preferable course comes in a matter of minutes, not days.  For 99.9999999999999% of viewers, we don't know that's "wrong", and my pity goes out to the remnant.  IDK if GRRM had it right initially or not, and hope never to find out.  So it's understood, and the underlying POINT is retained, just the mechanics change.
4757	'96Buck	2013-05-07	If they end up going through the Reek plotline (3 years is a long time), Theon will have been so transformed that they don't really need Alfie Allen, though it obviously be preferable to have him.Obviously "show, don't tell" is great guiding principle for writing, but you can make an exception for torture. You can establish the nature of an abusive relationship without flashing back to every time the man beats the women.But that's just why the Theon scenes don't have to be there. The reason they shouldn't is that for anybody who hasn't read the books, there's going ot be two or more years of Theon tied to a cross, screaming, without any apparent payoff. That's just bad tv.Real world, they have to give the actor time, this season, to keep him committed to the show, and there's nothing ELSE he can be doing but getting tortured.  RW is going to be this season, so next season will need Theon, already broken, in Winterfell as the Boltons try to consolidate power.A transformation as radical as Prince Theon - > Reek demands being shown for it to carry weight with the audience, IMO.  On TV, just saying "yeah, he was tortured and now he's broken" will not suffice, IMO.
4758	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	Since we don't have days to watch Theon's exposed flesh dessicate or putrefy, D&D just accelerated the timeline and assume that the pain threshhold for which amputation seems like the preferable course comes in a matter of minutes, not days.  For 99.9999999999999% of viewers, we don't know that's "wrong", and my pity goes out to the remnant.  IDK if GRRM had it right initially or not, and hope never to find out.  So it's understood, and the underlying POINT is retained, just the mechanics change.Yeah, but, again, it lacks basic logic....especially since we just saw Jamie's hand amputated...there is no reason to believe that having your finger cut off is immediately less painful than having the skin cut off in a matter of minutes, its dumb, why would anyone think this makes sense, just on the face of it?  It would have been better if next week had started w/Theon asking to have his finger amputated.
4759	Adelstein	2013-05-07	Yeah, but, again, it lacks basic logic....especially since we just saw Jamie's hand amputated...there is no reason to believe that having your finger cut off is immediately less painful than having the skin cut off in a matter of minutes, its dumb, why would anyone think this makes sense, just on the face of it?  It would have been better if next week had started w/Theon asking to have his finger amputated.I imagine getting your flesh torn off is pretty painful, and Theon's not used to it yet, so cried out to have the finger cut off almost immediately. As he starts to run out of fingers and toes, and can brace himself more for the pain of the flaying, he can probably hold out longer, up to the point of several hours, even days. It doesn't bother me either way, but if for some reason it's troubling you that might serve as an explanation.
4760	buckfosto	2013-05-07	Obviously "show, don't tell" is great guiding principle for writing, but you can make an exception for torture. You can establish the nature of an abusive relationship without flashing back to every time the man beats the women.But that's just why the Theon scenes don't have to be there. The reason they shouldn't is that for anybody who hasn't read the books, there's going ot be two or more years of Theon tied to a cross, screaming, without any apparent payoff. That's just bad tv.I agree with this.  It looks like next episode, based on the preview he might lose "that other thing".  I think it's been said that Theon is in like 2 more episodes.  The 10th episode of the season seems most likely be the reveal as I think the RW is going to be all self contained like Blackwater was (I believe I read an interview with Bryan Cogman where he said that).Show, don't tell is definitely a basic tenet of screenwriting.  But that doesn't mean "show all of it".  There is something to be said for leaving stuff to the imagination.  They showed his potential for brutality and showed the nature of their relationship.  I can see next season starting Theon's ADWD storyline with him in the dungeon.  You don't need to show every time he's tortured or even a lot of it, too much becomes desensitizing and takes away the impact. If you, as a viewer, know what Ramsay is capable of and how he's treated Theon and then you go dark on it for awhile and THEN come back to him as Reek it lets the audience fill the space themselves with stuff probably way more horrific than they could ever show.  "What the hell did he do to him?!?!"  You can't show him gradually become Reek because the impact is lost.  Not unlike when you have a friend that you see all the time that loses a good deal of weight.  You don't notice it as much as the person that hasn't seen him/her in a year.
					
					
							Edited by buckfosto, 07 May 2013 - 01:58 PM.
4761	Kasrith	2013-05-07	i find it odd that theon failed to guess where he was being held, really. growing up in the north, he should not only know how the bolton sigil looks, but he should also have heard rumors about their tradition of flaying people (since ned had to outlaw it).Now he is tied to an x-shaped cross, having his finger flayed. he should be able to put 2 and 2 togheter even in such a stressful situation,The stress is the only justification for it I can find... In the last one, when he was asking for water, he could barely speak. Between the starvation/dehydration and sleep depravity, I can see how he isn't thinking straight. Of course, they had to butcher that explanation with the Jeopardy bit. Oh well
4762	Dove	2013-05-07	That's definitely it. Dude's been tortured, slung up on a cross, has had no sleep, no water, probably no food for days (weeks?). He's not exactly gonna be on the ball, I doubt anyone would be.
Also I think they're probably front-loading the scenes of torture and abuse so it really instills in viewers that this is Theon's life now, constant pain and misery. That way they can either go relatively dark on this storyline next season and give Theon maybe 1-2 scenes tops before he's relevant again (but he'll still be in people's minds because they'll remember these early glimpses into his fucked-up treatment), or write new material like the failed Kyra escape or what have you. Surely the writers realize that even the most horrific imagery loses its impact if it becomes repetitive.
4763	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	You know, I realized that we might be jumping to conclusions about Theon figuring it out. Maybe he'll figure it out next episode and holds on to some weird hope that he will be let go if he guesses right. So he says he figured out who he is. He says "you're Bolton's bastard" and he goes insane and decides he's going to castrate him. Kind of similar thinking to the reason Jon couldn't have sex with Ros, but way more twisted. He hates bastards or something and Theon is well known for his "debauchery," so he decides to flay him there or something worse.
Basically, it's possible that after having time to think about it, Theon realizes who is holding him. You could even have him admit that his father sent him to take Winterfell back from Theon. 1)TV only viewers may not believe him because he's lied before. 2)It makes Bolton even more ambiguous because he's giving away Jaime, but he's sending Brienne back, but his son has Theon, but he's not giving Theon to Robb. Does he know his son has Theon? Etc etc. Where do his loyalties lie?
4764	wood_dat_aye_could	2013-05-07	Personally I think the the Ramsay scenes are great.  My only problem is how much time is being dedicated to this story arc.  If the shows were an extra half hour long, than I wouldnt have an issue.  Other than the takeover at Astapor Dany has been MIA, Bran's story is going nowhere, are we even going to get "the tourney at Harrenhal" story from Jojen? Probably not.. I wanted to see Robb actually swing a sword (other than the Karstark debacle) before his fate at the RW even if thats a deviation from the books. Jon scenes are usually relatively shorter than need be, etc, etc.
So much time to spend on this arc, could have cut it two two really good scenes (including the one we just saw, because that WAS an excellent scene)
But I guess I cant complain too much... the Ramsay/Theon scenes are heaps better than anything with Sansa or Shae, which is abundant this season.
Aside:  WHAT in seven hells did Ros have to do with ANYTHING at this point?  I thought she was created as a sort of Jeyne Poole, then I thought "OK she a mole for Varys now", but now? Im baffled by how utterly useless was she in the end.
					
					
							Edited by wood_dat_aye_could, 07 May 2013 - 11:44 PM.
4765	SynthFG	2013-05-08	This Has to Happen now,
Remember Roose will start  heading home early next season along with fArya and Reek will need to convince the Iron Born to surrender Moat Callen, 
So the transformation, including hunts and the rest of the missing bits needs to be mostly done by the end of this series
We can then open Theons story next season, somewhere around episode 3 with the rat feast and the 2 Walders
I'd also expect Roose to hand over Theons finger skin at some point in episode 8 or early in 9 along with the news that Bran and Rikon are defiantly dead (prompting Rob to name JS his Heir)
4766	YTDN	2013-05-08	The problem with moving Theon's ADWD story ahead is it has to sync up with Jon Snow and Stannis' stories. Stannis won't be at the Wall until the end of next season, and Davos can't go off to visit Manderly until then. fArya's wedding can't happen without Manderly present (or at least, if the specualtion about the Battle of Ice is true, Manderly has to be at Winterfell for it). So Theon's story can't be brought ahead too much, or we'll just have him spinning wheels later on in his storyline.
This all depends on how D&D decide to adapt AFFC/ADWD, and I can't even begin to predict how they're going to structure that. I think they've said in interviews that they're not going to bring much forward to Season 4, probably because the ASOS endings are so good, and it'll mess up the syncing of plots. I still think that the Kingsmoot is the only plot they're going to move forward wholesale, and maybe the first chapters of various characters AFFC/ADWD plots (probably the Cersei/Brienne/Reek chapters) to act as hooks for Season 5.
4767	The_Lone_Direwolf	2013-05-08	Aside:  WHAT in seven hells did Ros have to do with ANYTHING at this point?  I thought she was created as a sort of Jeyne Poole, then I thought "OK she a mole for Varys now", but now? Im baffled by how utterly useless was she in the end.I think the death of Ros will prove to be anything but useless. Apart from reminding the audience how bat shit psycho Joffery is, that Cersei can't control him and LF will do anything on his rise to power, I think it will also lead to Tywin reining him in ("Perhaps you should stop him doing what he likes...". "I will"...) and will be used by Tyrion as a cover to further protect Shae now that people think his whore lover is dead. This will also lead to a motive in Tyrion's trial for the events of the PW.But to Ramsey (loving these scenes) I think the reveal of his parentage might be AT the RW. Just before the shit hits the fan Bolton presents a gift for your Grace, the skin of Theon Greyjoy (which we saw Ramsey remove). As the unsullied viewer and Robb are thinking 'WTF!?!" the Rains of Castamere starts playing and it kicks off before anyone knows what is going on. Then Jamie Lannister will send his regards.
4768	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-08	I think it would be really cool if Ramsay would actually  be present at the RW and take part in Robb's death.. That would be really cool in establishing major hate for his character. I mean he wasn't there in the books but it could be very open for interpretation. As much as i LOVE Robb ( sobb /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> ) that would be an interesting take on it... And then truly all the 'hype' and hush hush about boy would pay off big time...
4769	Mammothsbane	2013-05-08	I think it would be really cool if Ramsay would actually  be present at the RW and take part in Robb's death.. That would be really cool in establishing major hate for his character. I mean he wasn't there in the books but it could be very open for interpretation. As much as i LOVE Robb ( sobb /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> ) that would be an interesting take on it... And then truly all the 'hype' and hush hush about boy would pay off big time...He'd need to borrow Littlefinger's Lamborghini to get there in time
4770	Gonzalo	2013-05-08	He'd need to borrow Littlefinger's Lamborghini to get there in timeOr Melisandre's Cartserati
4771	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-08	He'd need to borrow Littlefinger's Lamborghini to get there in time Lol. Oh yeah my bad forgot about the whole distance factor...
4772	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	I LOVED the horn-blowing. That definitely confirms that it was him who was the "Horn Blowing Cunt" from season 2. That scene definitely establishes that this "boy" is Ramsay indeed and Iwan Rheon does SUCH a good job at playing this bas Bolton. I thought they made some stupid character change when he said that Theon won, but I laughed with glee when he said that he was a liar. I can't wait to see what happens when someone calls him the thing he doesn't want to be called.I am so thrilled Iwan is in this, it's crazy awesome seeing him play a villain after seeing him play a hero for so long. He does it well /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4773	Frumpus	2013-05-08	He'd need to borrow Littlefinger's Lamborghini to get there in timeOr Melisandre's CartseratiGood god. I laughed out loud reading those in succession.
4774	BurningCandle	2013-05-08	I told them that Ramsay makes Joffrey look like a fairy princess.Truer words have never been uttered.
4775	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-09	Maybe Ramsay will, with delicious detail, inform Theon what happened at the RW (courtesy of a raven). The game is if Theon cries, he loses a toe.
4776	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-09	YTDN wrote:The problem with moving Theon's ADWD story ahead is it has to sync up with Jon Snow and Stannis' stories. Stannis won't be at the Wall until the end of next season, and Davos can't go off to visit Manderly until then. fArya's wedding can't happen without Manderly present (or at least, if the specualtion about the Battle of Ice is true, Manderly has to be at Winterfell for it). So Theon's story can't be brought ahead too much, or we'll just have him spinning wheels later on in his storyline.I'm sure Ramsay would happily torture Theon for weeks (or months, or YEARS if necessary).  Not that I want to see so much of it onscreen . . . it would eventually degenerate (no pun intended) into "Meanwhile, back at the ranch . . . . "
4777	'96Buck	2013-05-09	I think the death of Ros will prove to be anything but useless. Apart from reminding the audience how bat shit psycho Joffery is, that Cersei can't control him and LF will do anything on his rise to power, I think it will also lead to Tywin reining him in ("Perhaps you should stop him doing what he likes...". "I will"...) and will be used by Tyrion as a cover to further protect Shae now that people think his whore lover is dead. This will also lead to a motive in Tyrion's trial for the events of the PW.It also leads to Tywin's confiscation of Joff's crossbow, which ends up being rather unfortunately located in the chambers of the Hand. (unfortunate for Tywin, at least...)
4778	jblair	2013-05-09	I told them that Ramsay makes Joffrey look like a fairy princess.As Jack Vance said (paraphrased) - We prefer Joffrey, who is a known if erratic evil, rather than Ramsay, who is more thorough.
4779	go joff go	2013-05-09	I think the death of Ros will prove to be anything but useless. Apart from reminding the audience how bat shit psycho Joffery is, that Cersei can't control him and LF will do anything on his rise to power, I think it will also lead to Tywin reining him in ("Perhaps you should stop him doing what he likes...". "I will"...) and will be used by Tyrion as a cover to further protect Shae now that people think his whore lover is dead. This will also lead to a motive in Tyrion's trial for the events of the PW.Damn I totally forgot about this.  I didn't even think of the repercussions to people thinking that Tyrion's lover was killed meaning that it effercts Tywin, Cersei, and Shae.   I wonder if they will have Tyrion play up some kind of outrage about this to throw people off the scent (i.e. the knife slamming into the table making Joffrey turn around scene we see in the previews)
4780	Boulderbum	2013-05-09	Question is when will Ramsay be revealed?  I ask that because in the books Roose gives the skin of one of Theon's fingers to Cat and Robb before the RW.I doubt Roose will give any skin to showRobb, he already told Robb that Theon escaped before his bastard arrived IIRC.
4781	dtones520	2013-05-09	Did they mess with the Bolton colors tho? Aren't they red and pink but the show has a blue background behind the flayed man? I hope I saw that wrong. Minor point I know but dammnit I loved that the Boltons rocked the pink capes.I think they wanted to give them a more fierce looking banner considering they have a picture of a dude who had his skin peeled off on it. That on a pink banner would look pretty strange, especially with the mood element of scenes. I actually really like the black banner with the red flayed man on it. Looks really sinister and powerful.
4782	A Man Is A Man	2013-05-10	He'd need to borrow Littlefinger's Lamborghini to get there in timeOr Melisandre's Cartserati Don't forget Ros' rocket propelled turnip cart from Season 1!
4783	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-05-10	God help me but, I think I'm starting to like Ramsay Snow  Bolton. I know, right? seriously Im enjoying him more and more and It's creeping me out.
4784	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-10	I know, right? seriously Im enjoying him more and more and It's creeping me out.Tumblr is your friend. Lots of funny gifs and screencaps.
4785	Nebmai	2013-05-10	They are doing a great job with this storyline so far.Everything up to this episode was showing the Boltons to be remorseless masters of subterfuge willing to do anything to achieve their goals.  Before this episode the torture and then fake escape was setting up a situation where Theon trusted a person he SHOULD NOT of trusted, a ruthless but functional spy game.  Of course unsullied viewers haven't fully made this connection and I bet the full reveal of Ramsey wont be until the RW itself.This episode shows the darker side of Ramsey (and Roose who knows these things about his son yet empowers him and names him his heir) where he has taken all he needs from Theon, and then he proceeds to take more to amuse himself.  Theon has outlived his usefulness and if the Boltons were really dastardly efficient they would bury him in an unmarked grave an be done with it ...BUT Ramsey is a sick sonofagun and he and House Bolton are starting to become THE villians for the upcoming seasons of the show just like they are in the books.If they continue to show lots of Theon torture then maybe D + D are trying to make something for shock value, but up to now they are showing the Bolton's ruthless spycraft and then also their sadism, all following the books very close just not leaving Theon a mystery for 3 or 4 seasons that then need a bunch of flashbacks or narratives to show what happened during the gap.
					
					
							Edited by Nebmai, 10 May 2013 - 05:55 AM.
4786	ellevt	2013-05-06	Varys says to LF "I did what I did for the good of the realm." 
Somewhat similar to what he says to Kevan at the end of DoD... 
LF says "The realm. Do you know what the realm is? It's the 1000 blades of Aegon's enemies. A story we agree to tell each other, a lie we tell each other over and over again until we forget that it's a lie." 
Varys: "But what do we have left when we abandon the lie? Chaos." 
I don't believe the association with Aegon the conqueror is an accident. Is Varys admitting, albeit in a roundabout way, that Aegon/ Young Griff is indeed a fake?
4787	Clariana	2013-05-07	It could be argued that only if Young Aegon is a fake can Varys be truly working for the realm. Because only in that case do upbringing and education and the youth's personal qualities matter more than supposed royal blood.However, this ideal leader has to sit the throne under some guise so it is his supposed Targaeyan blood that gives him that right.Ironically it seems fate is selecting a genuine Targaeyan to sit the throne in the form of Danearys Stormborn...
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 07 May 2013 - 04:35 PM.
4788	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	Varys says he works for the good of the realm more than those two times.  I see no real relation or foreshadowing.
4789	Mammothsbane	2013-05-07	Varys says he works for the good of the realm more than those two times.  I see no real relation or foreshadowing.^this. Varys working "for the good of the realm" is what he tells pretty much everyone, all the time.
4790	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-07	Illyrio arranges for Dany and Khal Drogo's marriage.
Varys and Illyrio have a conversation that Arya overhears some of in the dungeons.
Varys talks to Tyrion about how Dany is alive and has three dragons.
Those are some of the times I remember Varys hinting at his loyalties which don't seem to be "for the good of the realm".
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 07 May 2013 - 06:55 PM.
4791	Kasrith	2013-05-07	Illyrio arranges for Dany and Khal Drogo's marriage.Varys and Illyrio have a conversation that Arya overhears some of in the dungeons.Varys talks to Tyrion about how Dany is alive and has three dragons.Those are some of the times I remember Varys hinting at his loyalties which don't seem to be "for the good of the realm".He's also talking to Tyrion about Dany and a potential threat...
4792	Cormac- First of His Name	2013-05-07	He's also talking to Tyrion about Dany and a potential threat...I don't understand the whole idea of Varys telling Tyrion about Daenerys and her dragons. We see that, despite how wretched his family is to him, Tyrion does want to advance the interests of House Lannister. So how is it that Tyrion did not think to mention the dragons to his father, sister, or even Bronn. Why has he not shown any concern about the possibility of the rumors of Daenerys hatching dragons being true. Even if he does not believe it (and season 2 leads us to believe he thinks it could be true), you would think he would express concern that Daenerys could use the rumor to drum up support.
4793	SerMixalot	2013-05-07	I have often been confused about the Varys Illyrio relationship.  If varys and Ill are working together, then Varys is working to put Viserys on the throne.  When he dies, does Varys switch to Aegon?  WHy would he do that if Dany has 3 dragons? Clearly a strength.  he arranges for the assasin against Dany, so clearly he was working against her, but Illyrio continues to work with Dany.
Very confusing I say.
4794	Demandred	2013-05-07	I think they were intending Viserys + Daenerys to be scapegoats and for Robert to focus on them while 'Aegon' was their trump card.
4795	Israel	2013-05-07	Varys says he works for the good of the realm more than those two times.  I see no real relation or foreshadowing.Its possible is what I think it implies and I think that it was intentional, take from that what you will,  not really confirming anything although the writers have to know that Egg VI is the 2nd  most talked about topic in the forums.  So take from that what you will. I personally will hold on the idea that there are just 2 books left and Ageon VI was the reveal of reveals and GRRM was just trying to tell us to get over it, this character is here and real and this is what Varys (most resourcful character) did and this who notices Tyrion  ( our smartest character).  We have too much to cover theres only 2 books left.
4796	wood_dat_aye_could	2013-05-08	I have often been confused about the Varys Illyrio relationship.  If varys and Ill are working together, then Varys is working to put Viserys on the throne.  When he dies, does Varys switch to Aegon?  WHy would he do that if Dany has 3 dragons? Clearly a strength.  he arranges for the assasin against Dany, so clearly he was working against her, but Illyrio continues to work with Dany.Very confusing I say.I think that Illyrio and Varys are Targ supporters for hidden reasons, even possibly Blackfyre sympathizers.  Grooming Aegon/YG to be a king is just one avenue, while Viserys/Dany are hedging their bets.  I also think that GRRM wrote these books so far apart, that its possible that with the invention (rebirth) of Aegon VI, it didnt quite match up with Illyrio/Varys original plans.There is a quote in ADWD about one of the GC sellswords questioning "the fatman's" plans; as to Mopatis always changing his mind.  This could be an explanation as to why the confusion of Mopatis allegiance.  Also, if original plan was for Viserys to be king, Mopatis would likely get what he wanted anyway, and also if Dany were to succeed.  The chronological terms Aegon would have been the First plan.  Some fifteen years later the True King and his princess sister show up on his door step and become the NEW plan.  Aegon is now plan B (assuming Aegon is a pretender, or a Blackfyre at the least).  In fact, Mopatis' plans must have had to keep changing along woth the story since all that has hapened to Dany.  His best plan would be a marriage between the 2, then there would be no question Aegon was legit.As for Varys, I think he has always been loyal to Dany (because she's a Targ and his ties to Mopatis), but has been playing double agent in KL.  Jorah tells Dany that he worked for Varys, not Robert, and that Varys ordered that Dany be watched and not harmed.  I believe that the missive that Mormont received before the attempted poisoning was for him to make sure it didnt happen, sent from Varys.  Varys had to play the assassin to appease Robert, but at the last second warn Dany.  Varys sends Tyrion to help Dany not Aegon VI.As for their relationship, that is a good question.  I think they have always been working for the same cause.  I cant help but feel that they have strong ties to Blackfyres, I mean the Golden Company was originally ex-Blackfyres.  GRRM has put so much emphasis on this house in both the ASOIAF and Dunk and Egg. And what of 'Blackfyre' the sword?  Does the GC have that?  or Mopatis?  I mean the dude had 3 dragons eggs for sevens sake!  Hes a Blackfyre man. Maybe thats just wishful thinking though, as Ive always been a fan of the Blackfyre house.But we never know with GRRM, he could have the Illyrio/Varys team against Dany the whole time, just to betray her in the end for Aegon.  But that seems contrived, they have invested a lot into her thus far and she has dragons.
					
					
							Edited by wood_dat_aye_could, 08 May 2013 - 12:37 AM.
4797	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-08	^this. Varys working "for the good of the realm" is what he tells pretty much everyone, all the time.When he's not talking about being cut."Would you like to hear the tale of how I was cut?  I'm working for the good of the realm".-Varys, in every episode
4798	Lord Varys	2013-05-08	Aegon is not a late idea of GRRM, just as Bloodraven being the three-eyed crow is not. Back in AGoT Varys and Illyrio only talk about Drogo's invasion. It's clear that they want Drogo and his Dothraki to invade Westeros, but it's never mentioned that they actually want to install Viserys as King on the Iron Throne. It's never ever explained or stated why Varys and Illyrio want Drogo to invade Westeros. But the reader easily concludes that they are doing this because they are secret Targaryen loyalists.
ADwD finally gives the answer. Varys and Illyrio want to install a Targaryen king: Aegon, not Viserys.
As to the Golden Company: They are pawns in this game, just as Viserys and Dany were. No one ever told them what Varys and Illyrio are up to, and until the meeting with Connington and Aegon there were not part of the decision-making process. Illyrio did not change his mind, the circumstances forced him and Varys to postpone the invasion when Drogo died. And both Viserys and the Dothraki always were meant as a smokescreen to hide Aegon and to make way for him.
4799	Mulled Wino	2013-05-08	Aegon is not a late idea of GRRM, just as Bloodraven being the three-eyed crow is not. Back in AGoT Varys and Illyrio only talk about Drogo's invasion. It's clear that they want Drogo and his Dothraki to invade Westeros, but it's never mentioned that they actually want to install Viserys as King on the Iron Throne. It's never ever explained or stated why Varys and Illyrio want Drogo to invade Westeros. But the reader easily concludes that they are doing this because they are secret Targaryen loyalists.ADwD finally gives the answer. Varys and Illyrio want to install a Targaryen king: Aegon, not Viserys.As to the Golden Company: They are pawns in this game, just as Viserys and Dany were. No one ever told them what Varys and Illyrio are up to, and until the meeting with Connington and Aegon there were not part of the decision-making process. Illyrio did not change his mind, the circumstances forced him and Varys to postpone the invasion when Drogo died. And both Viserys and the Dothraki always were meant as a smokescreen to hide Aegon and to make way for him.mummers dragon was in GoT or CoK?The idea that Aegon was an afterthought is pretty funny.
4800	Lord Varys	2013-05-08	The Mummer's Dragon is first mentioned in the House of the Undying (i.e. the foreshadowing begins in ACoK). But the deaths of Rhaegar's children are first mentioned in AGoT, and not only in the 'Old Dynasty' section of the appendices.
Dany's first chapter(s) in AGoT already establish doubts about the sincerity of Illyrio's devotion to Viserys' cause. He does help them, but the question why he helps them is raised even back then. If Illyrio and Varys were staunch supporters of Viserys he could have easily hinted at this thing in AGoT. But as I've said: The conversation Arya overhears does not give any indication that they actually want to put Viserys on the Iron Throne. All it confirms is that they want Drogo to invade Westeros.
Getting Aegon in the show won't pose any problem. All they need do is to cast an actor. They finally mentioned both Aegon and Rhaenys this season, and - assuming that they don't cut Oberyn Martell - we are going to get as much information about Elia and her children as we need before Aegon is finally introduced. And this is also not going to pose a problem for the audience. The hidden prince topos is way too known to cause confusion among the audience.
4801	jugdesh258	2013-05-08	Yeah Varys is full of baloney....
He says that over and over.......it is late in the series that we realize that he really isn't the guy that is out for the common people.  He does have his own agenda and is a player in the Game of Thrones like the rest.
He should be saying he wants to do whats best to preserve the realm while he waits in earnest for an opportunity to present itself
4802	wood_dat_aye_could	2013-05-08	Aegon is not a late idea of GRRM, just as Bloodraven being the three-eyed crow is not. Back in AGoT Varys and Illyrio only talk about Drogo's invasion. It's clear that they want Drogo and his Dothraki to invade Westeros, but it's never mentioned that they actually want to install Viserys as King on the Iron Throne. It's never ever explained or stated why Varys and Illyrio want Drogo to invade Westeros. But the reader easily concludes that they are doing this because they are secret Targaryen loyalists.ADwD finally gives the answer. Varys and Illyrio want to install a Targaryen king: Aegon, not Viserys.As to the Golden Company: They are pawns in this game, just as Viserys and Dany were. No one ever told them what Varys and Illyrio are up to, and until the meeting with Connington and Aegon there were not part of the decision-making process. Illyrio did not change his mind, the circumstances forced him and Varys to postpone the invasion when Drogo died. And both Viserys and the Dothraki always were meant as a smokescreen to hide Aegon and to make way for him.Yes, this all makes sense, thanks for the clarification...Only one thing, Aegon's probably not a Targ, he's a Blackfyre at best.Also, if Varys and Mopatis have never really truly supported Viserys/Dany than they are antagonists to the story thus far.  Pity, I always thought of Varys as on the protagonist side.  My thoughts on this are, IF Viserys (or Dany for that matter) had actually invaded Westeros as Varys and Mopatis originally anticipated, than how on earth would they install Aegon as a king?  Assassinate the true Targ monarch? Then pull Aegon out of their ass and say, "Guess what!"  Could happen, but seems like too much trouble when they could find other means to make the way for Aegon into Westros instead of bringing 30,000 barbaric horselords onto the continent just to switch sides to Aegon.  And they cant be completely against Dany as they (at least Mopatis) had wanted a marriage between her and Aegon, unless they planned on assassinating her after said wedding.. Why give her 3 dragon eggs?  Could be that after Viserys death, the plans DID change and Dany became a key figure in their plans for Aegon.. And if all this was planned out so perfectly so that all the right thing lay into place for the invasion of Aegon, they are truly masters of the game, inhuman, unrealistic.. Natural occurrences have thrown off the original plans, they have been adapted, and if they never really did anticipate Dany to reach the Iron Throne than they are shit out of luck because Aegon (even if is groomed to be a good king) has a weak claim, a weak army (with or with out Dorne) and hell to pay when Dany reaches the 7 kingdoms with 3 dragons and a larger host of 'loyal' followers.. Poor planning, cannibalization (for lack of a better term), shooting themselves in the foot..
4803	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-08	I guess there are many things about the Targaryens that Varys and Illiryo had to change as the things were development.
They could have wanted Dany to invade as a way to get ride of her, thinking that Westeros could have defended against her and defeat a very unexperienced and young Queen. But, they never expected her to have three dragons, to have the Unsullied  army and probably to have also a Dohtraki force (which might happen in book 6, who knows) and people backing her up and support her. 
If they want Aegon to be a King, they still need a Queen, specially a Targaryen Queen. Red or Black, a dragon is still a dragon, and Aegon and Dany's children would be dragons. Taking Dany out of the equation now wouldn't benefit them, specially confront Aegon against Dany, as there is a chance that Aegon could lose and die.
4804	TheDarkOne	2013-05-08	I always heard the series was supposed to be 3 books, I wonder how Aegon would have fit in if GRRM would have held true to that.
4805	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	I have often been confused about the Varys Illyrio relationship.  If varys and Ill are working together, then Varys is working to put Viserys on the throne.  When he dies, does Varys switch to Aegon?  WHy would he do that if Dany has 3 dragons? Clearly a strength.  he arranges for the assasin against Dany, so clearly he was working against her, but Illyrio continues to work with Dany.Very confusing I say.They wanted Viserys to believe that he was the heir to the Iron Throne. Whether it's Aegon or fAegon he's still their hope. They groomed him from birth basically.Viserys taking the Iron Throne with the Darthaki and Gold Company seems a little crazy. The Darthaki couldn't take any castles, they could totally destroy the land and unprotected villages, but they'd quickly run out of food and be killed if they attacked a strong hold.Dany was a throwaway character until she became as powerful as she is.Yeah Varys is full of baloney....He says that over and over.......it is late in the series that we realize that he really isn't the guy that is out for the common people.  He does have his own agenda and is a player in the Game of Thrones like the rest.He should be saying he wants to do whats best to preserve the realm while he waits in earnest for an opportunity to present itselfHonestly though when the smoke clears Varys believes that the realm would be better off with someone like Aegon as it's ruler. Not Joffrey or Robert or Stannis or Robb or anyone else. He's probably believed this since early on when he first rose to the small council when he saw how horrible the Mad King was.
4806	lostinasia	2013-05-08	Why give her 3 dragon eggs?I've forgotten if there's ever been a good explanation of this in the books - were these just intended as a decadent gift, or was it somehow part of a plan? (Which would make very little sense unless someone knew far more about the state of magic in the realm than the books have ever let on.)To be honest the plotting of Varys and Illyrio has always come across as unrealistic to me - the plans seem laid too precisely, and too far in advance, with too much accurate anticipation of what else is going to happen. The real world isn't like chess, and this is Westeros, not Asimov's Foundation universe.But, then again, I've never been too sure of what those plans actually are, so maybe they're more realistic than I've realized.
4807	Kasrith	2013-05-08	I don't understand the whole idea of Varys telling Tyrion about Daenerys and her dragons. We see that, despite how wretched his family is to him, Tyrion does want to advance the interests of House Lannister.So how is it that Tyrion did not think to mention the dragons to his father, sister, or even Bronn. Why has he not shown any concern about the possibility of the rumors of Daenerys hatching dragons being true. Even if he does not believe it (and season 2 leads us to believe he thinks it could be true), you would think he would express concern that Daenerys could use the rumor to drum up support.He told the council about the potential threats north of the Wall and everyone laughed at him. I understand how he would want to focus more on Stannis at that point and totally neglect or even forget the dragons. My point was that he was informed by Varys, who if he is indeed a true Targ loyalist, why wouldn't he just keep it quiet?
4808	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-08	I've forgotten if there's ever been a good explanation of this in the books - were these just intended as a decadent gift, or was it somehow part of a plan? (Which would make very little sense unless someone knew far more about the state of magic in the realm than the books have ever let on.)To be honest the plotting of Varys and Illyrio has always come across as unrealistic to me - the plans seem laid too precisely, and too far in advance, with too much accurate anticipation of what else is going to happen. The real world isn't like chess, and this is Westeros, not Asimov's Foundation universe.But, then again, I've never been too sure of what those plans actually are, so maybe they're more realistic than I've realized.The Dragon Eggs were a small but not insignificant part of a massive transaction between Illyrio and the Dothraki.  IIRC, Illyrio received Dothraki horses, silk bolts, and numerous other goods while pawning off Dany (a positive in his game) plus the Dragon eggs (possibly over-valued in his estimation, when not expected to hatch).  Basically the Dothraki show up at the walls, and a savvy business man turns tribute-paying into a trading opportunity and then tries to haggle it a bit to his advantage.  Makes sense.  Plus, the dragon eggs would lend some legitmacy to Dany, as some sort of certificate of authenticity that this was not just some Lyseni whore he was passing off as a fake dragon princess.
4809	the sword in the night	2013-05-09	Hey guys.
My thoughts on Illyrio and Varys have always remained the same. Their racket has ever been to steal a thing and then enable its recovery for a fee.  Their maneuvers in the game of thrones adhere to that m.o. faithfully.  I doubt they planned on Robert's rebellion, but they certainly took advantage; climbed a rung or three, if you will.
Illyrio's end game is Casterly Rock, the fat greedy bastard, or at least its gold mines.  I'm not sure what Varys' is.  Seriously!  I've been trying to figure it out for years.  Pure Power?  Peace, Progress and Plenty?  Or maybe he wants Highgarden and an endless supply of little birds?! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
					
					
							Edited by the sword in the night, 09 May 2013 - 01:05 AM.
4810	Daske	2013-05-09	I've forgotten if there's ever been a good explanation of this in the books - were these just intended as a decadent gift, or was it somehow part of a plan? (Which would make very little sense unless someone knew far more about the state of magic in the realm than the books have ever let on.)Pretty sure the eggs were seen only as a decorative & rare gift - noone expected the them to actually hatch. Like if you gave someone a fossilised T.Rex egg. It would be very expensive & precious, but you wouldn't expect them to keep it locked up in a cage 'just in case'.
4811	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	^^ AGREED I don't hink he actually thought the eggs would play such a large part, they were a mere gift. Ill is very rich, he most likely had the eggs for some time and figured they would made an appropriate wedding gift, not to mention  he was trying to convince them he was a loyal friend, a rich loyal friend would be expected to give a rather extravagant gift. I doubt he put too much thought into it after all he could most likely get more dragon eggs if he wished, or perhaps already had others, he has lots of money and gods know what kind of weird contacts he has. im sure if he had any notion that the eggs would hatch he would have been a little more niggardly. though they would not have simply hatched on their own
4812	lostinasia	2013-05-09	Thanks for the points about the dragon eggs - I've always assumed the hatching of the eggs was a giant wild card in the scheme of things, but knowing GRRM, I wouldn't have been surprised in the least if it'd turned out to be part of someone's plans.
Next question: aren't there other eggs out there? I vaguely recall at least one being mentioned - and then there are the stone dragons at Dragonstone. Are there many theories about other dragons coming into play later on, especially now that Dany has "discovered" how to hatch them? (Not that the procedure's exactly posted on Westeropedia or has been passed around by Varys's little birds.)
4813	Hard Truths Cut Both Ways	2013-05-09	D and D have explicitly stated in interviews that the show is done expanding in scope (http://www.hitfix.co...re-going-to-get) and that it will run 8 seasons (http://www.motherjon...nioff-dan-weiss). This makes me think that any plot or character that the show is not already invested in and that does not play a role in the end gm will be cut. I am also assuming there will be a lot of massive plot developments in the last 2 books that will make for better TV than the plot of AFFC and ADWD.
I am almost positive that Aegon is an imposter and is not important to the end gm. To me, Aegon seems like unnecessary filler that GRRM is using to extend the extremely profitable book series (most of AFFC and ADWD fits in this category to me). Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed both AFFC and ADWD, but they are more about expanding the world than furthering the main story in my mind, something that works far better in a book than it will on TV.
This is why I feel like Aegon will be completely cut from the show and Varys will be working solely to install Dany on the throne. I fully expect the contents of AFFC and ADWD to be significantly paired down and to be finished with by the end of season 5. That would give D and D three seasons to adapt the plot from TWOW and ADOS, which, to me, is far preferable to having two seasons of AFFC/ADWD material and two seasons of TWOW/ADOS material.
4814	Israel	2013-05-09	No way , anything involving Tyrion and Varys is no minor plot point, Ageon may not be the endgame but is definaitely an inportant piece.
4815	'96Buck	2013-05-09	As many times as they've talked about Targaryens marrying within the family, it had never occurred to me that the V/I plan was anything OTHER THAN Aegon and Dany marrying and ruling Westeros.  Anyone who's met Viserys (as Illyrio has) knows he's worse than useless.  IF he'd managed to lead the Dothraki to Westeros (the 3 heads then being him, Dany, Aegon) and win the throne, then he'd have met with unfortunate circumstances courtesy of Varys, IMO.  IMO, no way he'd ever not get fragged, even if he did ever get a command in the first place.
We know the tactical steps have had to change since Dany changes the Game, but I don't think the real goal ever moved.
I think R+L=J is correct and THAT is the piece of the puzzle that eludes Varys/Illyrio.
I would also say that Varys believes restoring the rightful ruling house, especially in the person of Aegon who is the "perfect king," is for the good of the realm.
4816	TheDarkOne	2013-05-09	D and D have explicitly stated in interviews that the show is done expanding in scope (http://www.hitfix.co...re-going-to-get) and that it will run 8 seasons (http://www.motherjon...nioff-dan-weiss). This makes me think that any plot or character that the show is not already invested in and that does not play a role in the end gm will be cut. I am also assuming there will be a lot of massive plot developments in the last 2 books that will make for better TV than the plot of AFFC and ADWD.I am almost positive that Aegon is an imposter and is not important to the end gm. To me, Aegon seems like unnecessary filler that GRRM is using to extend the extremely profitable book series (most of AFFC and ADWD fits in this category to me). Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed both AFFC and ADWD, but they are more about expanding the world than furthering the main story in my mind, something that works far better in a book than it will on TV.This is why I feel like Aegon will be completely cut from the show and Varys will be working solely to install Dany on the throne. I fully expect the contents of AFFC and ADWD to be significantly paired down and to be finished with by the end of season 5. That would give D and D three seasons to adapt the plot from TWOW and ADOS, which, to me, is far preferable to having two seasons of AFFC/ADWD material and two seasons of TWOW/ADOS material.One of the finest posts I have seen here in ages, I agree on all points. I wouldn't mind seeing AFFC and ADWD cut into one season.
4817	Stargareyen	2013-05-09	One of the finest posts I have seen here in ages, I agree on all points.I wouldn't mind seeing AFFC and ADWD cut into one season.D and D have explicitly stated in interviews that the show is done expanding in scope (http://www.hitfix.co...re-going-to-get) and that it will run 8 seasons (http://www.motherjon...nioff-dan-weiss). This makes me think that any plot or character that the show is not already invested in and that does not play a role in the end gm will be cut. I am also assuming there will be a lot of massive plot developments in the last 2 books that will make for better TV than the plot of AFFC and ADWD.I am almost positive that Aegon is an imposter and is not important to the end gm. To me, Aegon seems like unnecessary filler that GRRM is using to extend the extremely profitable book series (most of AFFC and ADWD fits in this category to me). Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed both AFFC and ADWD, but they are more about expanding the world than furthering the main story in my mind, something that works far better in a book than it will on TV.This is why I feel like Aegon will be completely cut from the show and Varys will be working solely to install Dany on the throne. I fully expect the contents of AFFC and ADWD to be significantly paired down and to be finished with by the end of season 5. That would give D and D three seasons to adapt the plot from TWOW and ADOS, which, to me, is far preferable to having two seasons of AFFC/ADWD material and two seasons of TWOW/ADOS material.What about three riders for the three dragons? Are you suggesting they would be ones without Targ blood in them? Or if one or more dragons will be killed off towards the end? Knowing GRRM, I don't expect it to be this straightforward, but Jon (R+L), Dany and Aegon are top contenders for riding the three dragons, unless Tyrion turns out A+J.
4818	ohpooratlas	2013-05-09	What about three riders for the three dragons? Are you suggesting they would be ones without Targ blood in them? Or if one or more dragons will be killed off towards the end? Knowing GRRM, I don't expect it to be this straightforward, but Jon (R+L), Dany and Aegon are top contenders for riding the three dragons, unless Tyrion turns out A+J.Do the dragon riders have to be Targaryens/dragon blooded though?  I've always leaned toward Tyrion being one of the riders as well, but I don't think it's a coincidence that we keep hearing "Tyrion is Tywin's son."As for the OP ...I don't think the comment was alluding to Aegon.  It was very much just Varys playing the losing hand yet again (he's done this since the Tyrells came into the fold via. Littlefinger) and trying to explain away his actions to Lord Baelish.Varys' loyalty and true end goal has always been one of the most compelling threads in the book series for me.  I tend to be of the more unusual mindset that Varys really does act for the good of the realm and is more protagonist than antagonist (the polar opposite of Baelish.)The show seems to simplify it with Varys continuously saying "I'm for the good of the realm."  We have seen nothing to suggest otherwise and to be fair he did offer sage advice to Ned Stark in an attempt to get him to bend to Cersei in order to avoid massive bloodshed across the lands (he failed, though Joffery was the wild card here he could not have predicted.)Was he actually just acting because the realm needed to be splintered at a later time when it was more convenient?  That's also possible and likely as well, because it'll be hard to install a new regime if everything is going all honky dorry in the seven kingdoms.This is why Varys and Littlefingers plots always interested me in the books.  A lot of people wear their intentions pretty transparently but Varys and Baelish are still five books running and we don't fully understand their intentions just yet.
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 09 May 2013 - 06:52 PM.
4819	Payne In the Neck	2013-05-06	I'm wondering if Mel's "green eyes" reference means she'll return to Westeros as lean, mean killing machine to take out a certain green eyed lioness!!?
Discuss..
4820	AzorAhai42	2013-05-07	I could definitely see this being true. If Cersei is still alive at that point. I think Mel replaced that old witch on the hillside that talked about how Arya's life was full of death.
4821	flinn	2013-05-07	When I heard her saying it, I didn't take it as a specific 3. I thought she was saying she is seeing eyes staring back of all colors, meaning she is going to be killing a lot of people. She is going to be a killer, she already is a killer.
4822	Kasrith	2013-05-07	Could also refer to the different colours eyes Arya will be putting on as a FM
4823	Dove	2013-05-07	When I heard her saying it, I didn't take it as a specific 3. I thought she was saying she is seeing eyes staring back of all colors, meaning she is going to be killing a lot of people. She is going to be a killer, she already is a killer.This is how I took it too, I'm kind of surprised so many people are taking it as a reference to a specific three. Then again, I guess it's just fun to spitball.
4824	Nezzer	2013-05-07	But that would kill the valonqar prophecy, although I don't want the valonqar prophecy to come true. I don't want any of the prophecies to come true, actually. Prophecies should have never been introduced in this saga IMHO. They reduce the amount of possible outcomes to the future of a character. It's one of the reasons I hate Dany's chapters in the books.
4825	Mulled Wino	2013-05-07	When I heard her saying it, I didn't take it as a specific 3. I thought she was saying she is seeing eyes staring back of all colors, meaning she is going to be killing a lot of people. She is going to be a killer, she already is a killer.this for sure....
4826	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-07	But that would kill the valonqar prophecy, although I don't want the valonqar prophecy to come true. I don't want any of the prophecies to come true, actually. Prophecies should have never been introduced in this saga IMHO. They reduce the amount of possible outcomes to the future of a character. It's one of the reasons I hate Dany's chapters in the books."Prophecy Is a treacherous bitch".That's what makes it fun. It's interpretation that make it so enjoyable!You crazy.
4827	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	But that would kill the valonqar prophecy, although I don't want the valonqar prophecy to come true. I don't want any of the prophecies to come true, actually. Prophecies should have never been introduced in this saga IMHO. They reduce the amount of possible outcomes to the future of a character. It's one of the reasons I hate Dany's chapters in the books.That's why I like them the best actually."Prophecy Is a treacherous bitch".That's what makes it fun.It's interpretation that make it so enjoyable!You crazy.This is true. the fact that so many prophecies are hacked apart and given different interpretations shows how effective prophecy has been for this series. It'd be different if the prophecy was a clear as day instead of mud.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 07 May 2013 - 09:52 PM.
4828	Raion Laion	2013-05-07	Could also refer to the different colours eyes Arya will be putting on as a FMAnd this.I wonder how prophetic Mel's parting words were, though. What I took from it was an attempt of the writers to tie this moment with the fake Arya's upcoming arc, but who knows. Bryan Cogman did spend some time getting spoiled by Martin recently, and he's in charge of Mel this season.
					
					
							Edited by Raion Laion, 07 May 2013 - 10:00 PM.
4829	lostinwesteros	2013-05-07	I loved that Arya went up and jerked Mel around by the shoulder!  But then, Mel's rejoinder was a bit scary.  I took it to be a foreshadowing of Arya's FM life.  Then the eyes going dark???  I thought death, but a poster on another thread said she though it might refer to Arya's going blind.
4830	jambi	2013-05-07	I loved that Arya went up and jerked Mel around by the shoulder!  But then, Mel's rejoinder was a bit scary.  I took it to be a foreshadowing of Arya's FM life.  Then the eyes going dark???  I thought death, but a poster on another thread said she though it might refer to Arya's going blind.But Arya only goes blind for a couple of months at the most not forever.I took it as foreshadowing either A) Arya killing lots of people B.) Arya wearing many faces (it looks like once you "use" a face it disappears/becomes useless)  C) that Arya will die or D) all of the above.
					
					
							Edited by jambi, 07 May 2013 - 11:00 PM.
4831	Mulled Wino	2013-05-08	In next weeks snippets Arya says the only Gods she worships is death and I got as giddy as a schoolgirl
4832	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	When I heard her saying it, I didn't take it as a specific 3. I thought she was saying she is seeing eyes staring back of all colors, meaning she is going to be killing a lot of people. She is going to be a killer, she already is a killer.Well at best an accidental killer, so far.
4833	jugdesh258	2013-05-08	That is why the eye color prophecy is weak....  it can't really be linked to any future event. But that would kill the valonqar prophecy, although I don't want the valonqar prophecy to come true. I don't want any of the prophecies to come true, actually. Prophecies should have never been introduced in this saga IMHO. They reduce the amount of possible outcomes to the future of a character. It's one of the reasons I hate Dany's chapters in the books.It does not have to limit the character.  The first I had seen it used is in the Dune Chronicles.  Prophecies are a double edged sword.  Some are true and some are false.  In Dune, some were known to be false but they happened to come true.  Part of the theme when introducing prophecy is being able to escape the fate of the oracle  so at some point the character might recognize he or she is on that path and might take the steps to embrace the prophecy or do something to escape its doomCersei's obsession with valonqar prophecy and evil scheming to avoid it and might be making it a reality.  Classic Macbeth
4834	Cas Stark	2013-05-08	When I heard her saying it, I didn't take it as a specific 3. I thought she was saying she is seeing eyes staring back of all colors, meaning she is going to be killing a lot of people. She is going to be a killer, she already is a killer.That's how I took it as well--the eyes are eyes of people she will kill in future--pretty sure any deeper interpretations are wrong.  But, remember, Show Arya does not have the same killing resume as Book Arya at this point in time.
4835	boojam	2013-05-08	In next weeks snippets Arya says the only Gods she worships is death and I got as giddy as a schoolgirlMakes it sound like her time with the FM , in the books it's not clear that the FM actually have a god.The Many Faced God seems more a philosophical concept to them.They do not have services or even preach some kind of gospel.Wiki says they have 'priests' but I don't remember that explicitly from the books.Seem more like consultants, will give you an assisted suicide , after consultation, I guess.GRRM paints them as a weird cult , not really a band of assassins , which it seems everybody thinks of them as.
4836	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-08	I just assumed it was a reference to the FM and Arya constantly changing her identity. I also thought it was a reference to Nymeria as well, but I'm not sure what colour eyes Nymeria has.
4837	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-05-08	'Eyes you will shut one day' sounds pretty straightforward to me. Eyes from people she's going to kill. Who exactly? Impossible to know. However, if it was FM and Arya using different identities I'd expected Melisandre to speak directly about faces. It wouldn't have given much away because only book readers know what's going to happen regarding her and the FM.
ETA: besides, we saw her shooting those arrows and naming the people on her list...
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 08 May 2013 - 04:24 PM.
4838	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	The scene gave me the feeling that Melisandre saw that Arya would one day kill her.
4839	Lady Arwen	2013-05-08	I actually really liked this scene.  It was a good way to include a little Ghost of High Heart without introducing yet another character.
4840	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	Makes it sound like her time with the FM , in the books it's not clear that the FM actually have a god.The FM worship the God of Many Faces and Many names, or for short death. All men must die, in the end no matter what god someone worships they die.The Many Faced God seems more a philosophical concept to them.They do not have services or even preach some kind of gospel.Wiki says they have 'priests' but I don't remember that explicitly from the books.Seem more like consultants, will give you an assisted suicide , after consultation, I guess.GRRM paints them as a weird cult , not really a band of assassins , which it seems everybody thinks of them as.The kindly man is called a priest. Men could ask to speak to a priest, which seems to me like them asking for a contract by making a huge sacrifice without a lot of prayer.Their not a simple group of assassins, they're more like the CIA or KGB. A simple group of assassins assassinates people, all the kills we've seen the FM make in the show and the book(except Amory Lorch) were done so mysteriously that almost everyone assumes they just died. Also a major part of Arya's training is learning how to detect lies, gather information and hide her emotions so that she can lie.They did start out as a philosophical concept because the first of their order saw the slaves all praying for death to many different gods and none of their gods answering, so he took matters into his own hands and became the instrument of death.The scene gave me the feeling that Melisandre saw that Arya would one day kill her.If that was true why would Melisandre not kill Arya at that moment?I thought it meant that Melisandre sees her possibly working for darkness, which is in opposition to her god. The "Night Wolf", losing her identity, working for the Faceless Men, killing people.... all those seem like dark things.Mel seems to have this ability to see into a person's "soul" for lack of a better word. She tells Renly to "look to his sins, for the night is dark and full of terrors", she says something similar to Davos when trying to "figure him out" the half an onion is black then it's rotten deal.
4841	A Man Has Said	2013-05-08	Well at best an accidental killer, so far.There was nothing accidental about her killing the guard at Harrenhal when she, Hotpie and Gendry escaped there. 
	Spoiler In the book it's even more deliberate, and she kills several Harrenhal guards with Jaqen's help
The scene gave me the feeling that Melisandre saw that Arya would one day kill her.That's intriguing. It's not hard to imagine future circumstances where Arya may want to kill Mellisandre.
	Spoiler She could end up doing that as an assignment from the House of B&W, or on her own motive for something that happens to a sibling (likely Jon)
4842	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-05-08	This is how I took it too, I'm kind of surprised so many people are taking it as a reference to a specific three. Then again, I guess it's just fun to spitball.I think her being specific with the eye colors is what has people scratching their head.. basic eye colors yes but still cryptic
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 08 May 2013 - 09:34 PM.
4843	ServantOnIce	2013-05-08	I think Arya will pose as Tyrion's corpse and finish off Cersei.  That means Arya won't, "die" per se but she will cease to be a Stark or Arya Stark anymore, she's not coming back as a Stark, she's a FM and that is how she will finish the series. 
Tyrion will die, he will end up as a corpse in Braavos and his body will be taken to the House of Black and White where Arya will assume it and finish off Cersei who is in hiding somewhere in the world. . . . maybe Yi Ti?
4844	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-08	Spoiler In the book it's even more deliberate, and she kills several Harrenhal guards with Jaqen's help
she kills no one with Jaqen's help. She helps get the weasel soup, no more. She stays out of the way while they kill the guards, unless you count Jaqen bloodying her shirt to show her that "this is her work"She doesn't know if she killed anyone in the "battle near god's eye" either when Yoren dies so at this point she's at a death count of 2 in the books and one in the show.
4845	piratesswoop	2013-05-08	I'm surprised Melisandre's magic didn't reveal that she was speaking to Ned Stark's missing daughter. Missed opportunity for Stannis to gain a valuable hostage.
4846	Sun	2013-05-09	I took Mel's words as the writers' interpretation of the witch of High Heart's words, that Arya has the smell of death about her. The brown eyes, green eyes, blue eyes shut forever simply to mean that Arya is destined to bring death to an untold number of people, not any specific persons.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 May 2013 - 12:12 AM.
4847	Shebara	2013-05-09	All the training Arya will get with the FM to hide her feelings and her thoughts will help her to kill Melisandre in the end...cause every attempt to kill the Red Woman so far have been seen in her flames before...but Arya could well be able to hide herself.
I think the FM could be hired by Varys/Illyrio to kill Mel, because Stannis is in their way to get the false dragon on the Iron Throne.
4848	WheelofIceandFire	2013-05-09	I have been wondering about Arya's story in the next few seasons. I just cant see them having Arya change her face in the show because it would mean someone would replace Maisie Williams for a few scenes/episodes. Obviously it is a big part of her story but i think it would be better to just have Maisie WIlliams (maybe with makeup or something) play the part until she actually has her first assignment (if they ever get that far in the show)
And i really think that Arya's arc could be one of the best in the show if they do it right. I woud love if they got John Hurt to play the Kindly Man. John Hurt teaching Maisie Williams about detecting lies, spying and killing people would make great television /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by WheelofIceandFire, 09 May 2013 - 04:24 AM.
4849	Raion Laion	2013-05-09	Arya's adventures in Braavos could be a show of their own. All the boats, temples, prostitutes, merchants and kills... sigh~~
4850	boojam	2013-05-09	I have been wondering about Arya's story in the next few seasons. I just cant see them having Arya change her face in the show because it would mean someone would replace Maisie Williams for a few scenes/episodes. Obviously it is a big part of her story but i think it would be better to just have Maisie WIlliams (maybe with makeup or something) play the part until she actually has her first assignment (if they ever get that far in the show)And i really think that Arya's arc could be one of the best in the show if they do it right. I woud love if they got John Hurt to play the Kindly Man. John Hurt teaching Maisie Williams about detecting lies, spying and killing people would make great television /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I will say it for the third time.In the 'face changing' sequence in ADwD Arya realizes her face has NOT changed, but she looks different to other people.(Tho it's not clear it's way to the FM.) She realizes it's either a piece of magic or a trick. There is an explicit paragraph describing this on the page.George wrote it. It on the page , have to read it carefully.Ok, magic I can buy.On screen I can see how this could be done when other people look at Arya they see the Ugly Girl, when the viewer is the POV we see Arya.Ok here is the words from the book" THE UGLY LITTLE GIRL:"Was she certain? She had not felt any change maybe it was not something you could feel. She swept a hand down across her face from top to bottom , as she had once seen Jaqen H'ghar do, back at Harrenhal.. When he did , his whole face had rippled and changed. When she did , nothing had happened. "It feels the same.""To you." said the priest."It does not look the same.""To other eyes, your nose and jaw are broken," said the waif. "One side of your face is caved in where the cheekbone shattered and half your teeth are missing."She probed around inside her mouth with her tongue, but found no holes or broken teeth.Sorcery, she thought.What to make of that?  FM can use some deep magic to change their faces , as it appears to others, but their nameday face has not changed at all?Looks like it.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 09 May 2013 - 06:47 AM.
4851	Payne In the Neck	2013-05-09	I've just watched the episode again, and Melisandre says, "eyes you'll shut forever." To me, this sounds like she is definitely referencing eyes of the victims that Arya will kill.
4852	Where Boars Glow	2013-05-09	I took at as being the eyes of those she has already killed. Mel was saying she could see the lives that Arya has already taken.
4853	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	That's how I took it as well--the eyes are eyes of people she will kill in future--pretty sure any deeper interpretations are wrong.  But, remember, Show Arya does not have the same killing resume as Book Arya at this point in time.I agree, it is the simplest explanation and the most fun. Let's speculate wildly. Are the blue eyes Stannis? Ramsay?  Interesting that the show has introduced the existence of the Iron Bank, which we assume will back Stannis as in the books.  Would the FM act in accordance with the Iron Bank, or might they have a contrary agenda?
4854	the hound of sansa	2013-05-09	i'm guessing Arya's most propable targets will be Dany and Mel
4855	victim	2013-05-09	I was far more intrigued by the "We will meet again line." Come on! I need to know more right now. It could be interpreted one thousand different ways... or you know, maybe they'll just meet again sometime.
4856	Darryk	2013-05-09	That line was very intriguing, can't work out what it's about.
On the other hand, it was as vague as could possibly be. "Green eyes, blue eyes, brown eyes". Wow, really narrowing down the possible options there.
4857	ctowner1	2013-05-09	I was far more intrigued by the "We will meet again line." Come on! I need to know more right now. It could be interpreted one thousand different ways... or you know, maybe they'll just meet again sometime.I was thinking that Melisandre is most likely referring to her erroneous vision that Arya will come to the Wall while she and Stannis are there.  We know she thinks that she will meet Arya (at least once she has the vision) - it just turns out that she is wrong.
4858	Dove	2013-05-09	What about hazel eyes, Melisandre? What about hazel eyes!?
4859	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	i'm guessing Arya's most propable targets will be Dany and MelI've heard this a lot- that the FM would send Arya to kill Dany, but I'm not sure it tracks because Bravos is a city of escaped slaves and Dany is nothing if not a slave free-er. I dunno. Do the Lannisters on the show even have green eyes? Targs are supposed to have violet eyes but I don't think the show even bothered with contacts.  What color are Littlefinger's eyes? I give up.
4860	Silverx2	2013-05-09	I've heard this a lot- that the FM would send Arya to kill Dany, but I'm not sure it tracks because Bravos is a city of escaped slaves and Dany is nothing if not a slave free-er.I dunno. Do the Lannisters on the show even have green eyes? Targs are supposed to have violet eyes but I don't think the show even bothered with contacts.  What color are Littlefinger's eyes? I give up.Arya is much more likely to be sent after the lannisters, and possibly littlefinger. nobody steals money from the iron bank of bravos
4861	boojam	2013-05-09	Targs are supposed to have violet eyes but I don't think the show even bothered with contacts.O boy that's a question that goes way way back. I think Dave or Dan or somebody addressed it before the first season.Lord knows where the quote is.I think they did try contacts, but said it didn't work, I can not rememberi if photographically or the actors could not tolerate the contacts.(I know I have tried both hard and soft contacts , and always went back to using glasses. Gave up on contacts.)Anyway they tried. I am guessing CGI is easier for this these days, but its and extra effort and expense that probably HBO would not buy into.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 09 May 2013 - 02:58 PM.
4862	Weeping Sore	2013-05-09	I think they did try contacts, but said it didn't work, I can not rememberi if photographically or the actors could not tolerate the contacts.(I know I have tried both hard and soft contacts , and always went back to using glasses. Gave up on contacts.)I supposed they could have given all the Targs lavender sun-glasses.
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 09 May 2013 - 03:18 PM.
4863	Nudu	2013-05-07	They have never mentioned reek so far so do you think will they skip that thing or reveal later? I think the Reek Thing is one of the most important things for Theon's developement.
4864	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-05-09	I think they are building it up and teasing us with snippets, I mean he hasn't even mentioned that he's Ramsey so likely he will be given the name in his last scene this season. I mean there's at least another season of torturing left if we're only halfway through book 3 at the end of this season
4865	Mr.Howard	2013-05-09	I think they will keep him being tortured this season. Write him out for a good while and introduce Reek. After a while they will start hinting at the true identity of Reek. At least I hope they do it that way. The reveal of reek in the book blew my mind when I first read it.
4866	Cas Stark	2013-05-09	They have never mentioned reek so far so do you think will they skip that thing or reveal later? I think the Reek Thing is one of the most important things for Theon's developement.\The only way I could see it making sense is for Ramsey to have a long monologue where he describes his relationship with "Reek" and then tells Theon he's going to be the new Reek....but I don't think its that important myself, the important part is the breaking of Theon's will and identity, if they give him a different name or call him Reek but don't put in the back story of the book reek I won't have a problem with it.
4867	freetickles	2013-05-09	I hope so, but the fact Ramsey calls him Theon doesn't bode well.
4868	Twentythoughts	2013-05-09	Yeah... I can't see them continuing the torture plot for a whole season more. Right now they're building it gradually, from Theon being held captive to Theon being "rescued" to Theon being lured back to Theon being tortured. This season is them gradually breaking him down. Introduce the "Reek" concept at the end of the season, give the non-readers some quick glimpses here and there in the next season so they don't forget who he is, and then bring him back full force in the season after that.
4869	YTDN	2013-05-09	I mentioned this in another thread, but I don't think Reek 1 will be in the series, even as a monologue by Ramsay. Instead, Reek will be a name he gives Theon. Considering how much D&D have said to love Theon's character, I don't think they will cut such a vital part of Theon's character arc.
4870	The Drunkard	2013-05-09	I imagine he'll get his new name after the castration.
4871	harre	2013-05-09	I imagine he'll get his new name after the castration.I don't think there's gonna be a castration. It's only hinted in the books, no way they're gonna show this on tv.
4872	The Drunkard	2013-05-09	I don't think there's gonna be a castration. It's only hinted in the books, no way they're gonna show this on tv.I wouldn't be too sure.Episode 7's promo has Theon on the floor, with his hand grabbing protectively around his crotch, and someone (Ramsay, probabaly) holding a knife, leaning down between Theon's legs.
4873	harre	2013-05-09	I wouldn't be too sure.Episode 7's promo has Theon on the floor, with his hand grabbing protectively around his crotch, and someone (Ramsay, probabaly) holding a knife, leaning down between Theon's legs.After watching the promo - you may be right. Completely unnecessary though IMO, the flaying scene was hard enough for my (sissy) taste. I think it would've been better to not show Theon at all this season and just present the "result" in the next.
4874	Conchobar	2013-05-09	After watching the promo - you may be right. Completely unnecessary though IMO, the flaying scene was hard enough for my (sissy) taste. I think it would've been better to not show Theon at all this season and just present the "result" in the next.Maybe or book readers but not for the large majority of fans who will probably forget Theon if he is gone for two seasons.
4875	'96Buck	2013-05-09	After watching the promo - you may be right. Completely unnecessary though IMO, the flaying scene was hard enough for my (sissy) taste. I think it would've been better to not show Theon at all this season and just present the "result" in the next.The actor needs to eat, though.  Especially in TV, "show, don't tell" carries the day.  I think what they're doing is the best they can do given all of the factors, both story and real-life.
4876	'96Buck	2013-05-09	I mentioned this in another thread, but I don't think Reek 1 will be in the series, even as a monologue by Ramsay. Instead, Reek will be a name he gives Theon. Considering how much D&D have said to love Theon's character, I don't think they will cut such a vital part of Theon's character arc.This.  And there's not really any REASON to refer back to other Reek.  Theon will be smelly and deplorable, berift of his identity.  That HAS to happen.  No reason to make up some other name, he'll be called Reek.  Lack of a previous Reek doesn't really impact that.
4877	Kasrith	2013-05-09	I think it makes sense for Theon to end the season as Theon, but begin the next one as a frail old looking man who is called Reek. Throw people off until they realize who it is (but not drag it on like they've been doing with the Ramsay reveal)
4878	'96Buck	2013-05-09	I think it makes sense for Theon to end the season as Theon, but begin the next one as a frail old looking man who is called Reek. Throw people off until they realize who it is (but not drag it on like they've been doing with the Ramsay reveal)Agree.  Events in the Riverlands and what we think we "know" about the rest of this season appear to limit us to a timetable that is too short for the radical degradation of Theon to be believable.
4879	Kaitscralt	2013-05-09	I think it makes sense for Theon to end the season as Theon, but begin the next one as a frail old looking man who is called Reek. Throw people off until they realize who it is (but not drag it on like they've been doing with the Ramsay reveal)You really think the audience won't be able to tell who Alfie Allen is?
4880	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-09	I cant see them dropping Theon for two whole seasons, they'll have to keep using him in clips otherwise fans will forget him
4881	Kasrith	2013-05-09	You really think the audience won't be able to tell who Alfie Allen is?Sure they will, what I had in mind is a scene where he may be cloaked and walking with a limp or something, obviously frail but unidentified at first. Then they start to call him Reek, he responds etc and viewers think it's some new character only to have the hood fall off and reveal a Theon who is toothless, white-haired etc. Alfie will be recognized, but Theon will be long goneSo the 'reveal' would happen immediately, that's what I meant by not being dragged out.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 09 May 2013 - 11:51 AM.
4882	Winterz	2013-05-09	I think it will happen in late-season somewhen after the RW. Better the impact and cliffhanger.
4883	YTDN	2013-05-09	I think it will happen in late-season somewhen after the RW. Better the impact and cliffhanger.Probably in Episode 10. Considering the emphasis they've put on Theon's relationship to the Starks, I imagine they'll have Ramsay telling Theon about Robb's death being his 'breaking point' (possibly coupled with knowledge of Balon's death if it happens this season). Ramsay then gloats about how Theon's all alone in the world, but don't worry, Ramsay's going to give him a new identity where he'll never be alone or unwanted. Ever.
4884	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	I was really happy to see Sam and Gilly and thought their scene was sweet. I really enjoy John Bradley as Sam.  I also liked that they showed his dragon-glass dagger so I'm hoping, guessing, really hoping that this means we will see Sam the Slayer.
Also, will we also get to visit with Coldhands this season? or is that just a useless dream?
Nice touch with the song he sang to her as well.
4885	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I gave a hopeful fist-pump when they closed in on the dragon glass.
4886	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I thought we was going to see sam the slayer right there.
4887	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	Also, will we also get to visit with Coldhands this season? or is that just a useless dream?According to the Synopsis for Second Sons (E8):Sam and Gilly meet an older gentlemanI think its pretty certain he's in.
4888	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I thought the recap at the beginning should have shown the group finding the obsidian to tie in with this Sam scene better. *shrug*
4889	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-06	According to the Synopsis for Second Sons (E8):Sam and Gilly meet an older gentlemanI think its pretty certain he's in.That would be a good time to do it, which would lead one to believe Slayer is next week.. I did like the scene probably mostly due to the obsidian and the song was nice.. the final cut of the camera pulling out gave it the sense of tension you'd want - even knowing ahead of time it gave a very distinct feeling that something's out there.Coldhand's appearance should be pretty climactic as there will likely be a decent amount of Wight's in the scene.
4890	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-06	Can't wait for the Sam the Slayer scene and to see Coldhands!
4891	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	According to the Synopsis for Second Sons (E8):Sam and Gilly meet an older gentlemanI think its pretty certain he's in.Yes! I'm glad to hear that is not being dropped from the storyline.
4892	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	That would be a good time to do it, which would lead one to believe Slayer is next week.. I did like the scene probably mostly due to the obsidian and the song was nice.. the final cut of the camera pulling out gave it the sense of tension you'd want - even knowing ahead of time it gave a very distinct feeling that something's out there.Yeah, just to show I watch too many movies, my reaction to the later part of that scene could be summed up as "Oh balls, it's THIS camera angle!"
4893	Young Nan	2013-05-06	I thought we was going to see sam the slayer right there.Oh, so did I.  I actually was like "fuck yeah, sam the slayer!" out loud, but then it didn't happen. The camera angles also gave the impression that they were being watched, I was waiting for a white walker to bust out and attack Sam right there.  Next episode maybe *fingers crossed*
4894	Raion Laion	2013-05-06	This scene was just lame for me, mostly because Gilly was so spaced out. It's hard watching actors interpret dialogues as if they were talking to thin air, specially when the writing doesn't help much.
4895	shiola	2013-05-06	I thought it was a sweet scene, and I am excited for Slayer.  But Sam seems to have lost some of his season 1/season 2 charm for me.
4896	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I thought it was a sweet scene, and I am excited for Slayer.  But Sam seems to have lost some of his season 1/season 2 charm for me.They have written him as too much of a bumbling crying lazy fool too much this season. Having him the victim of bullying was one thing. But now having him blatantly 'lazy' this season (not standing up unless spoken to by Mormont for eg) has caused viewers to disengage from him.
4897	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	Tchekov's dragonglass was not exactly subtle, was it?
4898	Greywolf2375	2013-05-06	it might have been sweet, but I didn't like this scene.
He knows they are on the run from this undead horde of everything from squirrels to giants & on the run from the NW that just murdered Craster, Mormont, etc, yet except for the snow they are out having a leisurely sit down by a campfire.  There was no urgency, no fear.
The "hey, HERE IS PLOT" hamfist with the dagger was a bit much - they didn't have to have a flashback or anything, but could have done something better with how he found it/the story of him finding it.
4899	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	I don't mind that this was a quiet happy scene. So much of the books and this show is the characters experiencing something bad or something being explained. It's nice to have a semi-normal human moment thrown in and for Sam to have a bit of happiness considering that he goes through a lot of bad both in the past and in the future.  I liked that he was excited about how old the dragon-glass possibly is since we know he loves books and reading and that's the kind of thing he'd be interested in.
4900	Red Knight	2013-05-06	yeah, Sam the Slayer, can't wait
					
					
							Edited by Red Knight, 06 May 2013 - 03:26 PM.
4901	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	it might have been sweet, but I didn't like this scene.He knows they are on the run from this undead horde of everything from squirrels to giants & on the run from the NW that just murdered Craster, Mormont, etc, yet except for the snow they are out having a leisurely sit down by a campfire.  There was no urgency, no fear.The "hey, HERE IS PLOT" hamfist with the dagger was a bit much - they didn't have to have a flashback or anything, but could have done something better with how he found it/the story of him finding it.Sooo much this.  Zero damn sense of urgency in the entire scenes north of the wall.  They're roasting goddam marshmellows and singing campfire songs after craster was killed, others are chasing them, and Sam's life is threatened.  I just dont get it.  They dont have time for sweet right now and it has no place in their story.
4902	Sniraga	2013-05-06	Yeah, the scene was kinda sweet and nice, although too sweet considering the circumstances, and the dragon-glass dagger stuff seemed ham-handed. I guess they were trying to make Sam appear awkward and desperate to find something to talk about (... oh, hey, I have this dagger, maybe I can say few words about it to cover the uncomfortable silence), but for some reason, it just didn't work properly.
4903	Young Nan	2013-05-06	They have written him as too much of a bumbling crying lazy fool too much this season. Having him the victim of bullying was one thing. But now having him blatantly 'lazy' this season (not standing up unless spoken to by Mormont for eg) has caused viewers to disengage from him.this ^.  the whole point of Sam's character in the book, is that he thinks of himself as a useless coward, but actually is smart and has a great deal of moral courage which comes out whenever he is put in a situation where he has to defend people he cares about. In the show its like he actually IS a useless coward.
4904	ViennaGirl	2013-05-06	I thought the scene was like Sam and Gilly's Excellent Camping Adventure. They were too cheery and relaxed for two people who are being hunted by crazy people and zombies.
4905	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	this ^.  the whole point of Sam's character in the book, is that he thinks of himself as a useless coward, but actually is smart and has a great deal of moral courage which comes out whenever he is put in a situation where he has to defend people he cares about. In the show its like he actually IS a useless coward.Why, because he can't march for hours or make a fire? Those are things he is useless at. Relax. We haven't seen Sam the Slayer yet, nor have we had him rig the Lord Commander election, so to speak. He talked Jon into staying and led his brothers. He rescues Gilly from Craster's, he keeps her calm and composed even though they're alone in an incredibly dangerous area. All of these things are mentally brave.
4906	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	this ^.  the whole point of Sam's character in the book, is that he thinks of himself as a useless coward, but actually is smart and has a great deal of moral courage which comes out whenever he is put in a situation where he has to defend people he cares about. In the show its like he actually IS a useless coward.I agree. The whole not loosing the ravens was a huge blow to Sam's character. Also, how can there BE 'Sam, the Slayer' if no one (but Gilly) is there to watch it? The brothers of the NW saw him and that's how he got the monomer. Gilly is not likely to give it to him, and it wouldn't carry any weight. Sadly, I don't think we will be getting any 'Sam, the Slayer.'
4907	Warrior Queen	2013-05-06	I gave a hopeful fist-pump when they closed in on the dragon glass.I was cheering - out loud, by myself - Slayer, Slayer, Slayer...I was doing the same thing the very first episode at the FoTFM but we all know how that ended....They better give Sam his glorious Slayer moment or i'll be VERY disappointed!Besides that, it was a really nice scene. I loved the signing part.
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 06 May 2013 - 04:00 PM.
4908	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Why, because he can't march for hours or make a fire? Those are things he is useless at. Relax. We haven't seen Sam the Slayer yet, nor have we had him rig the Lord Commander election, so to speak. He talked Jon into staying and led his brothers. He rescues Gilly from Craster's, he keeps her calm and composed even though they're alone in an incredibly dangerous area. All of these things are mentally brave.The viewers won't see it that way unfortunately. All they remember is the disappointment of not seeing a war at the Fist at the start of the season, then seeing Sam being a lazy fool then ZOMG Dragonz!!!! Next minute a Sam scene and they reach down to check their phone for messages.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 06 May 2013 - 04:03 PM.
4909	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	The viewers won't see it that way unfortunately. All they remember is the disappointment of not seeing a war at the Fist at the start of the season, then seeing Sam being a lazy fool then ZOMG Dragonz!!!! Next minute a Sam scene and they reach down to check their phone for message.Your opinion of the average viewer being unable to digest information isn't indicative of the quality of character portrayal though. There were many things Sam has done on TV that were bold and courageous. He's still also not done two of his most bold acts.
4910	JMJ	2013-05-06	The other point of this scene was exposition about the Wall, when Sam describes it to Gilly, clearly setting up the Climb fir us viewers.
Also thought Gilly was more assertive (eg, about the singing) than book Gilly. But that's okay. Soon enough her scenes willbasically amount to her sobbing constantly, punctuated by a lay with Sam.
4911	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Your opinion of the average viewer being unable to digest information isn't indicative of the quality of character portrayal though. I know. But the issue remains that due to how he was portrayed prior to the Mutiny is etched into viewers minds. Too many unsullied have disengaged from his character.
4912	Darryk	2013-05-06	It was a cute scene, but I really don't like the lack of urgency in Sam's storyline.
He's seen white walkers, the mutiny at Crasters, Lord commander Mormont stabbed to death, Jon Snow is missing, they're alone in the woods with murderers and rapists from the NW loose and White Walkers out there, but you really wouldn't know it from the way they're behaving.
4913	Buckwheat	2013-05-06	I thought that we were going to see the Slayer moment there as well - it actually seems like they cut it in the last minute, is that possible?
And sue me, I liked the scene, as sweet and out of place it might have been. Gilly is sweet. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4914	SilentSense	2013-05-06	I know. But the issue remains that due to how he was portrayed prior to the Mutiny is etched into viewers minds. Too many unsullied have disengaged from his character.I disengaged from this character reading the books, glad to see him portrayed such that the tv only people share my reaction.
4915	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I know. But the issue remains that due to how he was portrayed prior to the Mutiny is etched into viewers minds. Too many unsullied have disengaged from his character.Why is the way he's portrayed in the mutiny etched more into people's minds than other things? And to be fair I thought Sam was one of the least interesting PoV's and basically rolled my eyes through most of his chapters. I was so glad when Jon made it back to the wall in aSoS so I didn't have to read Sam's PoV's anymore - and then we get the whole LC plot which thankfully was one of his better ones. Sam on the show is about equally as interesting to me so it's really no surprise to me that most Unsullied would not be engaged. Again, he hasn't really "done anything" yet.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 04:26 PM.
4916	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	I disengaged from this character reading the books, glad to see him portrayed such that the tv only people share my reaction.Fair enough.Honest question. Did you then go and bombard the internet with how much of your time was wasted on the character? TV as a medium has different needs. If people starting turning off too many characters, they turn off. My point is not that Sam has suffered some kind of 'character assassination'. It is that, well, its boring to watch someone you don't care about. I don't want people to think GoT is boring. I want the show to continue.
4917	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Fair enough.Honest question. Did you then go and bombard the internet with how much of your time was wasted on the character? TV as a medium has different needs. If people starting turning off too many characters, they turn off. My point is not that Sam has suffered some kind of 'character assassination'. It is that, well, its boring to watch someone you don't care about. I don't want people to think GoT is boring. I want the show to continue.I agree, but you can't hit a homerun with every character. Some people appeal differently to others. Sam in general is a bit boring given some of the other cast.
4918	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Why is the way he's portrayed in the mutiny etched more into people's minds than other things? And to be fair I thought Sam was one of the least interesting PoV's and basically rolled my eyes through most of his chapters. I was so glad when Jon made it back to the wall in aSoS so I didn't have to read Sam's PoV's anymore - and then we get the whole LC plot which thankfully was one of his better ones. Sam on the show is about equally as interesting to me so it's really no surprise to me that most Unsullied would not be engaged. Again, he hasn't really "done anything" yet.Quite.If they can't make him interesting, cut his entire character out of the story. If they intend leaving him in, they they better stop piddling about and make him useful.... like 6 episodes ago.
4919	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Problem is, Sam actually looks like he'll have an important role to play.
4920	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Problem is, Sam actually looks like he'll have an important role to play.Give it to Pod.
4921	jugdesh258	2013-05-06	I thought the scene was like Sam and Gilly's Excellent Camping Adventure. They were too cheery and relaxed for two people who are being hunted by crazy people and zombies.Yup..... the zombies were missing.  I sure that is what will happen.  The imminent attack is what is supposed to spoil Sam's moment.   Bad pause/  Bad pause until next episode.But there were no others in the scene..... just Sams former brothers.  We don't know that the Obsidian blade was to work on Wights cause Small paul had armor.  Unless there is a wight there also
4922	Envie	2013-05-06	Everyone saying they had hoped / expected this scene to include the attack which earns Sam the nickname "Sam the Slayer" are forgetting one important element: He kills the white walker while with the other men of the Night's Watch, not while alone with Gilly. It's them witnessing his accidental bumbling with the dragonglass and it destroying the white walker that enabled the Night's Watch to have an idea of something that kills them and why the dragonglass arrows and spear heads were distributed amongst the remaining Night's Watch men as protection. Sam has to kill the white walker in the presence of his fellow brothers for it to make any sense at all.
4923	King of Winters	2013-05-06	I thought,"we're gonna see Puddles!!" Then we didn't. All I want to see is Puddles and I'll be happy.
4924	Conchobar	2013-05-06	Wasn't the whole point of Sam the Slayer in the books so that the other crows would see him do it and thereby respect him a bit more?
4925	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I'm sure we'll see Sam the Slayer now!
4926	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-05-06	According to the Synopsis for Second Sons (E8):Sam and Gilly meet an older gentlemanI think its pretty certain he's in.This sounds like the setup to a porno.I wonder what Coldhands will look like visually- how they'll differ him from the Wights we've seen so far.
4927	The Night's Prince	2013-05-06	This sounds like the setup to a porno.I wonder what Coldhands will look like visually- how they'll differ him from the Wights we've seen so far.WTF do you watch?
4928	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	Wasn't the whole point of Sam the Slayer in the books so that the other crows would see him do it and thereby respect him a bit more?Maybe they'll call him it teasingly when he comes back talking up his exploits?But yeah, the way he just randomly pulled out the blade... Chekhov's obsidian for sure.
4929	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	Surprisingly, I find Sam less charming in the show than I do in the books. I root for Book Sam relentlessly, but am sort of apathetic about TV Sam. Not sure what the disconnect is. Regardless, I was very agitated during this scene, expecting it to culminate with Sam the Slayer--hopefully, that's what they're building up to. Loved that they slipped in that far-off camera angle, just to let us know that something's lurking out there, waiting to pounce...
4930	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Surprisingly, I find Sam less charming in the show than I do in the books. I root for Book Sam relentlessly, but am sort of apathetic about TV Sam. Not sure what the disconnect is. Regardless, I was very agitated during this scene, expecting it to culminate with Sam the Slayer--hopefully, that's what they're building up to. Loved that they slipped in that far-off camera angle, just to let us know that something's lurking out there, waiting to pounce...Well if they're going to show it next week I'd rather GRRM be writing that episode and having to wait an extra week for it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4931	Keepsu	2013-05-06	Maybe it's just me, but it sounds like there's an elk bugling in the distance during this scene.
4932	juanml82	2013-05-06	Wasn't the whole point of Sam the Slayer in the books so that the other crows would see him do it and thereby respect him a bit more?He might catch up with them before he meets Puddles
4933	GoodGuyA	2013-05-06	Perhaps that one guy who wants to stab him will catch up, looking to murder Sam, but then they're both struck by the White Walker. In the panic, Sam will slay the thing, and whatshisface will run off and join back with the other crows to tell about how Sam saved his life and defeated the undefeatable. Perhaps convenient, but I think plausible.
4934	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	The other point of this scene was exposition about the Wall, when Sam describes it to Gilly, clearly setting up the Climb fir us viewers.Also thought Gilly was more assertive (eg, about the singing) than book Gilly. But that's okay. Soon enough her scenes willbasically amount to her sobbing constantly, punctuated by a lay with Sam.Obviously, but it can be done in a context that fits within the storyline of an escape from an attack from the others and the chaos following the trip through Crasters.  Its a missed opportunity and it was boring.
4935	MoAt	2013-05-07	Everyone saying they had hoped / expected this scene to include the attack which earns Sam the nickname "Sam the Slayer" are forgetting one important element: He kills the white walker while with the other men of the Night's Watch, not while alone with Gilly. It's them witnessing his accidental bumbling with the dragonglass and it destroying the white walker that enabled the Night's Watch to have an idea of something that kills them and why the dragonglass arrows and spear heads were distributed amongst the remaining Night's Watch men as protection. Sam has to kill the white walker in the presence of his fellow brothers for it to make any sense at all. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />OMG THIS.Sam cannot SLAY anything without his NW brothers, I'm thinking Edd, Grenn, and probably Rast /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />, to witness it.They cannot run and be in a panic in every scene. That would be boring, and even less engaging, besides, we wouldn't get any information. All the while counting down the minutes until Sam drops dead of a heart attack.Instead, we got a sweet scene, with Sam ever trying to impress Gilly, and calm her. We now know he has his own piece of dragonglass, and that it's easily accessible to use as a weapon, which Sam doesn't even think of it as at the moment, because he's Sam. We got a nice description of The Wall as a setup for the rest of this episode, and a sweet lullabye of The Seven.As self-effacing as Sam is, he's always seeing something positive, and that's why I love his character. I also love Book Sam as equally as I love Show Sam, and find this show to be one of the most perfectly cast projects in the history of pretty much ever.Gilly gives Sam a fire making lesson, and makes him feel special probably for the first time ever with her "I knew you were highborn" comment.These boards have become the GoT Troll Complaining Union. It's so depressing. I'm shocked that so many people who openly detest this show still watch it. Life it too short people. Find something that gives you joy, and watch that. Personally, I'm blown away every minute there is anything this amazingly good on TV.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 07 May 2013 - 09:35 AM.
4936	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-05-07	Can't wait for the Sam the Slayer scene and to see Coldhands!And exactly which black brother would believe Sam, the self proclaimed biggest craven at the wall, that he killed one of the others?That's what i'm most curious about...Poor Sam didn't get much love this season from D&D -.-
4937	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />OMG THIS.Sam cannot SLAY anything without his NW brothers, I'm thinking Edd, Grenn, and probably Rast /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />, to witness it.They cannot run and be in a panic in every scene. That would be boring, and even less engaging, besides, we wouldn't get any information. All the while counting down the minutes until Sam drops dead of a heart attack.Instead, we got a sweet scene, with Sam ever trying to impress Gilly, and calm her. We now know he has his own piece of dragonglass, and that it's easily accessible to use as a weapon, which Sam doesn't even think of it as at the moment, because he's Sam. We got a nice description of The Wall as a setup for the rest of this episode, and a sweet lullabye of The Seven.As self-effacing as Sam is, he's always seeing something positive, and that's why I love his character. I also love Book Sam as equally as I love Show Sam, and find this show to be one of the most perfectly cast projects in the history of pretty much ever.Gilly gives Sam a fire making lesson, and makes him feel special probably for the first time ever with her "I knew you were highborn" comment.These boards have become the GoT Troll Complaining Union. It's so depressing. I'm shocked that so many people who openly detest this show still watch it. Life it too short people. Find something that gives you joy, and watch that. Personally, I'm blown away every minute there is anything this amazingly good on TV. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Thank you! This show is by far one of the best shows on television right now and will probably be one of the top television programs to grace television and people just pick it apart.  Maybe just a bunch of pessimists come and post?Maybe Sam's positive outlook is what bothers all the pessimist? Maybe that's why I relate to him and like him so much?
4938	JMJ	2013-05-07	Moet, 
Thank you for that. Yeah, there's too much negativity here often. Enjoy the show for what it is: the best fantasy TV show ever. Savor this. We won't get anything like this in our lifetimes again, I'm guessing!
4939	Talvivaara	2013-05-08	I liked the scene very much, and the camera-angle in the end definitely hinted that there's something out there. Nicely done!
4940	Carne	2013-05-08	So yeah, Sam the Slayer is definitely happening: http://www.youtube.c...utu.be#t=13m10sPlus Ross Mullan said on Twitter it will either be in episode 7 or 8.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 08 May 2013 - 12:23 PM.
4941	Caryn Stark	2013-05-08	I am curious as to what Coldhands will look like, as well. But I really hope Sam doesn't slay anything without his brothers looking on. I kind of felt that was the point.
4942	Caryn Stark	2013-05-08	So yeah, Sam the Slayer is definitely happening: http://www.youtube.c...utu.be#t=13m10sPlus Ross Mullan said on Twitter it will either be in episode 7 or 8.This makes me sad. If a tree falls in the forest, does it make a sound? Sure. Does it change Sam's character for the worse by not doing it in front of the brothers? Yes. Am I upset. Yes.
4943	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	Man, I was just waiting for an Other to pop up during this scene... that was tense.
4944	SerMixalot	2013-05-08	Tchekov's dragonglass was not exactly subtle, was it?as subtle as D&D do
4945	ChozenOne	2013-05-08	I don't know why everyone thinks other NW members need to see Sam slay the Other. I just read the chapter a few days ago and Grenn and Small Paul are the only ones there and Small Paul died. So Gilly could be Sam's Grenn in the show.
4946	Caryn Stark	2013-05-08	I don't know why everyone thinks other NW members need to see Sam slay the Other. I just read the chapter a few days ago and Grenn and Small Paul are the only ones there and Small Paul died. So Gilly could be Sam's Grenn in the show.But the brothers trust and believe in each other... to a point. Gilly is a girl and Westeros is a wee bit misogynistic. Why would they believe her? She's a wildling woman. Not a great witness.
4947	The Bear	2013-05-08	I really like Sam and Gilly in the books, and I like the actor portraying Sam, but their journey seems kind of weird to me.
- In the books they were being chased by white walkers every step of the way, but here they seem fairly relaxed
- Sam of course hasn't used the dragonglass yet but hopefully that will change soon
- There's no mini-Mance so there's no baby swapping plot afoot
I hope it picks up soon. Sam is one of my favourite characters.
4948	ShigellaSand	2013-05-09	Sam's choice in songs leaves something to be desired... like, say, awareness of his audience. Singing to Craster's daughter, holding the baby Craster was going to sacrifice to the Others, about how much the Father loves his children? Yeeeeaaah...
4949	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	According to the Synopsis for Second Sons (E8):Sam and Gilly meet an older gentlemanI think its pretty certain he's in.YAAAAAAYI loved this scene was really great, nice to see Sam happy now hes with her. the song was fantastic!! exactly the way I imagined it
4950	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	I really like Sam and Gilly in the books, and I like the actor portraying Sam, but their journey seems kind of weird to me.- In the books they were being chased by white walkers every step of the way, but here they seem fairly relaxed- Sam of course hasn't used the dragonglass yet but hopefully that will change soon- There's no mini-Mance so there's no baby swapping plot afootI hope it picks up soon. Sam is one of my favourite characters.well all hopes to Dalla and Val being introduced when Mance is encountered again, maybe when Jon goes to truce/killing him. but we just don't know what kind of changes they are going to make in the TV show, hopefully not too may more, after all this season seems to be getting back on track now... was worried there for a bit..
4951	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-09	I thought,"we're gonna see Puddles!!" Then we didn't. All I want to see is Puddles and I'll be happy.This so much. Who cares about Sam the Slayer? Where is Puddles??!!! I WANT TO SEE PUDDLES!!!!
4952	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	What's everyone's thoughts about the Tyrion/Cersei scene where we are pretty much straight up told that Joffrey was the one who ordered Ser Mandon to kill Tyrion during the Battle of the Blackwater? I kinda liked the theory that Littlefinger orchestrated it.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
4953	flinn	2013-05-05	Well, actually, she didn't answer and Tyrion jumped to that conclusion. Like he said, only two can order them Cersei or Joffrey, she knew she didn't so it must have been Joffrey. Still could have been Littlefinger pulling the strings.
4954	Fredwin	2013-05-05	I liked it. It totally changes the dynamic between siblings, though. Weird to see Cersei and Tyrion get along for real.
4955	Logodnica	2013-05-05	I wonder if she is lying.
4956	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	Still could have been Littlefinger pulling the strings.Touche and i wouldn't doubt him whispering in Joffreys ear, Interesting how in the same episode they show Littlefinger giving Ros to his "friend" Joffrey. I also think he nudged Joffrey into having Ned executed lol maybe i just am giving LF to much credit and underestimating Joffrey.
4957	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-05-05	I wonder if she is lying.I doubt it.  They had the same kind of conversation about the bastard killings in season 2.
4958	Montey14	2013-05-05	In the books....wanst it a foregone conclusion that it was Cersei....especially after the dreams to ashes scene and wanting Geoffrey to fight in the battle.....and ...shipping Mayrcella off to Dorne.....I think Cersei lets Tyrion conclude that it was Geoffrey as to take the blame off her
4959	Pomp & Happenstance	2013-05-05	"I mean he could have poisoned me and no one would have been the wiser"..... Way to go Tyrion... just give them all the ideas they need....
4960	scurvy	2013-05-05	This is the stand in for Tyrion figuring out that Joffrey hired the cutthroat to kill Bran and it gives Tyrion motive for the purple wedding.
4961	Zman1863	2013-05-05	In the books, it was actually sort of ambiguous as to who ordered the attempt on Tyrion. Naturally, he suspected Cersei, but he never found a shred of proof that it was actually her. It's an enduring mystery. The scene in this episode actually brought some ambiguity back into it because the past episodes seemed to pin in unambiguously on Cersei.
4962	Montey14	2013-05-05	"I mean he could have poisoned me and no one would have been the wiser"..... Way to go Tyrion... just give them all the ideas they need....Cersei pretty much disqualified the notion of having  him killed by saying nothing would happen as long as their father was in town
4963	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Well in the books she ordered the bastards killed, instead of Joff giving the order. So we were likely to believe she ordered the attack on Tyron.
4964	Montey14	2013-05-05	The reason it had to be Cersei is because Jeoffrey is too arrogant and foolish to believe Tyrion can be a threat to him.....thus he would never have him killed....Cercei had the whole whole turn your dreams to ashes scense with him and had her daughter shipped to Dorne.....it was definately a conclusion that it was Cersei who gave the order.
4965	Broxalar	2013-05-05	"I mean he could have poisoned me and no one would have been the wiser"..... Way to go Tyrion... just give them all the ideas they need....Gotta comment, this is funny considering how Joff croaks :-P
4966	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	She could be lying because she needs Tyrion on her side right now.
4967	Fredwin	2013-05-05	Why would Cersei give ammo to Tyrion to use against her son? If she truly believes Tyrion wants power and to destroy her and the Lanister name, why basically arm him with that kind of information? She could have admitted to it and tried to apologize for it, or throw Littlefinger or Varys under the bus, etc. It could always be that both or all of them planned it together.
					
					
							Edited by Fredwin, 05 May 2013 - 09:41 PM.
4968	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	Actually, this is the second time they do it. Back in Season 2, when the culling of Robert's bastards went down, Tyrion confronted Cersei and it went the exact same way: Cersei's silent and looking ashamed, and then Tyrion understands that means "Joff".It's almost as if they're trying to make Cersei a more sympathetic character who's more of another victim of her son than a murderous psychopath of her own.
4969	Reznak mo Reznak	2013-05-05	In the books....wanst it a foregone conclusion that it was Cersei....especially after the dreams to ashes scene and wanting Geoffrey to fight in the battle.....and ...shipping Mayrcella off to Dorne.....I think Cersei lets Tyrion conclude that it was Geoffrey as to take the blame off herIt was never a forgone conclusion, although its a popular choice on the boards. Personally I always thought it was Joffrey as it fits the MO he established with Bran.
4970	Frumpus	2013-05-05	Cersei and Tyrion get along way too well on the tv show (they had a similar scene like this in S2), but you know, I kind of like it.It's almost as if they're trying to make Cersei a more sympathetic character who's more of another victim of her son than a murderous psychopath of her own.You know she's like that in the books as well, right? Well, mostly.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 05 May 2013 - 10:31 PM.
4971	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	I thought it was a great scene, I loved that Cersei gave Tyrion credit for the Wildphyre trick. I love that Tyrion asked her if she ordered him killed and I loved the look she had, it seemed to me like she wanted to say something but she held her tongue.
I loved the fact that Tyrion realized that Jaime would probably kill Loras when he gets back and that Tyrion couldn't be helped by his big brother in his situation.
I also loved the scene because Tyrion doesn't love Sansa and he knows that Sansa will never love a Lannister because of what Joffrey did to her.
4972	Zar Lannister	2013-05-05	The campaign for Cersei's humanization is greater than I thought, though. Basically, every terrible aspect of Cersei has been thrown into Joffrey. I guess somehow TV cersei is to draw some sympathy or her Lunacy is to be depicted as coming from a more logical place.
4973	go joff go	2013-05-05	I'm starting to wonder if show Cersei is lying about both the bastards and Tyrion.  Its interesting that we now have Varys word versus hers.
4974	Darkstar of Dayne	2013-05-05	The reason it had to be Cersei is because Jeoffrey is too arrogant and foolish to believe Tyrion can be a threat to him.....thus he would never have him killed....Cercei had the whole whole turn your dreams to ashes scense with him and had her daughter shipped to Dorne.....it was definately a conclusion that it was Cersei who gave the order.Joffrey was not above trying to kill Bran by an assassin.The point of this scene was to show that Joffrey is willing to kill people that he doesn't like (Bran, Tyrion) and he goes about it with stupidity - if he had simply poisoned Bran, it's highly likely that nobody would know exactly who gave the orders despite Catelyn having her suspicions about the Lannisters. Also it's ironic because the Tyrells are extremely cunning and careful and use poison to kill Joffrey, which is the opposite of what he would do.
4975	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	In response to the "I liked that it might be Littlefinger,"  all I will say is 
When the queen proclaims one king and the Hand proclaims another, who's peace do the gold cloaks protect? The man who pays them
4976	No true knight	2013-05-05	I thought that the show had already made this fairly explicit.  Check out the Blackwater episode again.  Before running away, Joffrey tells Mandon Moore to represent the King on the battlefield. Moore nods, and they both glance at Tyrion.
At the time, I thought that the showrunners were doing this in order to take advantage of an older Joffrey than the book Joffrey.  Older Joffrey gets to be a little more ruthless and cognizant of his power.  So, just like they moved the order to kill Robert's bastards from Cersei to Joffrey, it looks like they also made Joffrey the one to put a hit out on Tyrion. 
In fact, Joffrey only leaves the battle because he gets cold feet, but he was looking forward to spilling blood... it seems like Joffrey's original plan might have been to do in his uncle himself (with Moore providing backup support if things got hectic).
4977	Ser Areo Mace	2013-05-06	I don't know if we can say it was totally confirmed that Joff ordered it. I really don't see it being all that out there to think Mandon was acting alone in it.
4978	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	What's everyone's thoughts about the Tyrion/Cersei scene where we are pretty much straight up told that Joffrey was the one who ordered Ser Mandon to kill Tyrion during the Battle of the Blackwater? I kinda liked the theory that Littlefinger orchestrated it.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />That doesn't mean that LF couldn't have put the idea in Joffrey's head. For all we know LF put the idea in Joffrey's head to  execute Ned.
4979	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	This is the stand in for Tyrion figuring out that Joffrey hired the cutthroat to kill Bran and it gives Tyrion motive for the purple wedding.I agree. In the TV show, Jaime is the one who sent the killer to Bran. So I think this is a replacement. Regardless of whats clear or not in the book, the show is making a deliberate choice to have it be Joffrey.
4980	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	That doesn't mean that LF couldn't have put the idea in Joffrey's head. For all we know LF put the idea in Joffrey's head to  execute Ned.Yeah i agree, i said this exact thing up thread /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4981	StarkTagaryen	2013-05-06	In response to the "I liked that it might be Littlefinger,"  all I will say isWhen the queen proclaims one king and the Hand proclaims another, who's peace do the gold cloaks protect? The man who pays them /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4982	Andrew May	2013-05-06	wasn't it implied that it was littlefinger in the books though?
4983	stunningsteve	2013-05-06	I agree. In the TV show, Jaime is the one who sent the killer to Bran. So I think this is a replacement. Regardless of whats clear or not in the book, the show is making a deliberate choice to have it be Joffrey.When exactly  TV Jaime said that he was the one who sent the assassin?
4984	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-05-06	"I mean he could have poisoned me and no one would have been the wiser"..... Way to go Tyrion... just give them all the ideas they need....I suspect that line will come back to haunt him in season 4.
4985	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	When exactly  TV Jaime said that he was the one who sent the assassin?There's a scene between Cersei and Jaime in which Cersei kinda berates him for doing something so stupid and what if he gets caught, and Jaime responds saying he did it for them and he doesn't care if he gets caught, he'll kill everyone, including Robert, until only he and Cersei remain. Then they have sexy times, naturally b/c it turns Cersei on.
4986	stunningsteve	2013-05-06	There's a scene between Cersei and Jaime in which Cersei kinda berates him for doing something so stupid and what if he gets caught, and Jaime responds saying he did it for them and he doesn't care if he gets caught, he'll kill everyone, including Robert, until only he and Cersei remain. Then they have sexy times, naturally b/c it turns Cersei on.Thx, found it. Yeah it's quite obvious in that scene that Jaime was the one who sent him. However I like the book version much better. I will miss Tyrion's comments about Valyrian Steel when Joffrey gets his sword.
4987	houseHB	2013-05-06	Still up for debate for all we know Littlefinger could have whispered in Joffrey's ear to have Ser Mandon kill Tyrion.
4988	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />In response to the "I liked that it might be Littlefinger,"  all I will say isWhen the queen proclaims one king and the Hand proclaims another, who's peace do the gold cloaks protect? The man who pays themWait, White Cloaks =/= Gold Cloaks
4989	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	Thx, found it. Yeah it's quite obvious in that scene that Jaime was the one who sent him. However I like the book version much better. I will miss Tyrion's comments about Valyrian Steel when Joffrey gets his sword.I like the book version a lot better too but I fear Tyrion putting the clues together was a bit too subtle and also too far removed from when the actual event happened for the TV viewers.
4990	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	[size=4]Wait,White Cloaks =/= Gold CloaksI'm aware. The point is that people go where there is money. Tyrion is assuming it was one of the two people who can officially give orders. Which is odd, considering his brother is well known for betraying the king he was sworn to protect, so...
4991	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-06	There's a scene between Cersei and Jaime in which Cersei kinda berates him for doing something so stupid and what if he gets caught, and Jaime responds saying he did it for them and he doesn't care if he gets caught, he'll kill everyone, including Robert, until only he and Cersei remain. Then they have sexy times, naturally b/c it turns Cersei on.What? Why would that scene prove Jaime to be the on behind the assassin, they are talking about it because Bran awakened (Jaime immediately asks "what has he told them?"), and Cersei refers to Jaime pushing Bran out of the window (this fits better the "it's a little too late to complain about that now" line). To me that scene is an obvious showcase of Lannisters learning that Bran is healing, not that Cersei learnt that Jaime sent someone to kill him.
4992	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-05-06	There's a scene between Cersei and Jaime in which Cersei kinda berates him for doing something so stupid and what if he gets caught, and Jaime responds saying he did it for them and he doesn't care if he gets caught, he'll kill everyone, including Robert, until only he and Cersei remain. Then they have sexy times, naturally b/c it turns Cersei on.wasn't she referring to the actual pushing out the window not the hiring of a cutthroat to finish the job?
4993	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	What? Why would that scene prove Jaime to be the on behind the assassin, they are talking about it because Bran awakened (Jaime immediately asks "what has he told them?"), and Cersei refers to Jaime pushing Bran out of the window (this fits better the "it's a little too late to complain about that now" line). To me that scene is an obvious showcase of Lannisters learning that Bran is healing, not that Cersei learnt that Jaime sent someone to kill him.wasn't she referring to the actual pushing out the window not the hiring of a cutthroat to finish the job?I don't think so. It happens after the cutthroat incident. Why would she be talking about pushing Bran out the window when they already had that scene and the memorable "things I do for love." Jaime is explaining why he took the further step of hiring someone to finish the job. I can't currently rewatch the scene but from the dialogue it seemed clear they were referring to the new development.
4994	PG_Tips	2013-05-06	It seems like it's a precursor to the PW. Giving Tyrion a motive. And also bringing up poisoning as an effective method of killing. Cersei's testimony will be quite strong now.
4995	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I can't wait to see Cersei becoming so sure that it was Tyrion. Making all the false connections....Convincing herself that he wanted Joffrey dead. Should be fun, and the beginning of madness
4996	SerMudz	2013-05-06	Definitely disagree. They were talking about him pushing Bran out of the window. Jaime Lannister wouldnt hire an assassisn to do his killing for him.I don't think so. It happens after the cutthroat incident. Why would she be talking about pushing Bran out the window when they already had that scene and the memorable "things I do for love." Jaime is explaining why he took the further step of hiring someone to finish the job. I can't currently rewatch the scene but from the dialogue it seemed clear they were referring to the new development.Definitely disagree. They were talking about him pushing Bran out of the window. Jaime Lannister wouldnt hire an assassisn to do his killing for him.
4997	All-for-Joffrey	2013-05-06	In Cersei's POVs she never once recalls or thinks about trying to have Tyrion killed during the Blackwater despite her constant dwellings on him. If she had tried to have him killed in the books, Martin would have resolved the mystery by making a reference to it during her POVs. 
I made a thread about this years ago before the show came out because it's intriguing and I was afraid Martin may have forgotten it as a plot hole and the consensus in that thread seemed to be that it was Joffrey, with some debate as to Littlefinger suggested it or not (I'm partial to the LF pulled the strings aspect of it but many people will point out that LF was gone in the Reach for half the book, so he would have had to arrange it very far in advance). 
I think the show just confirmed a lot of what we already deduced in the book. The only difference is that they made Tyrion figure it out, unlike in the books when he mistakenly believes it was Cersei. 
This does give him a motive for the Purple Wedding but the show viewers still have to see the mystery of who killed Bran solved. I'm assuming Tyrion will figure it out before the wedding and tell Joffrey, same as in the books, which also gives him a motive.
4998	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Jaime didn't hire the assassin to kill Bran. It was Joffrey.
4999	Ampris	2013-05-06	It was never a forgone conclusion, although its a popular choice on the boards. Personally I always thought it was Joffrey as it fits the MO he established with Bran.Okay I've been seeing this referenced a lot but for the life of me I cannot remember in the books ever finding out that Joff is the one who sent the assassin after Bran. Someone please clarify.
5000	Darryk	2013-05-06	I always suspected Mandon Moore tried to kill Tyrion on LF's orders. Guess it doesn't make sense for a KG to be on LF's payroll though, even one of such dubious moral caliber as Moore.
Could still be LF working through his proxy Joffrey, as some have suggested.
5001	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Okay I've been seeing this referenced a lot but for the life of me I cannot remember in the books ever finding out that Joff is the one who sent the assassin after Bran. Someone please clarify.spoilered for length
	Spoiler Joffrey flicked a chunk of Lives of Four Kings off the table at swordpoint, then slid Widow<U+0080><U+0099>s Wail back into its scabbard.<U+0080><U+009C>Your Grace,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Garlan Tyrell said. <U+0080><U+009C>Perhaps you did not know. In all of Westeros there were but four copies of that book illuminated in Kaeth<U+0080><U+0099>s own hand.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Now there are three.<U+0080><U+009D> Joffrey undid his old swordbelt to don his new one. <U+0080><U+009C>You and Lady Sansa owe me a better present, Uncle Imp. This one is all chopped to pieces.<U+0080><U+009D>Tyrion was staring at his nephew with his mismatched eyes. <U+0080><U+009C>Perhaps a knife, sire. To match your sword. A dagger of the same fine Valyrian steel . . . with a dragonbone hilt, say?<U+0080><U+009D>Joff gave him a sharp look. <U+0080><U+009C>You . . . yes, a dagger to match my sword, good.<U+0080><U+009D> He nodded. <U+0080><U+009C>A . . . a gold hilt with rubies in it. Dragonbone is too plain.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I was sorry about your book, my lord,<U+0080><U+009D> she made herself say.<U+0080><U+009C>It was Joffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s book. He might have learned a thing or two if he<U+0080><U+0099>d read it.<U+0080><U+009D> He sounded distracted. <U+0080><U+009C>I should have known better. I should have seen . . . a good many things.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Perhaps the dagger will please him more.<U+0080><U+009D>When the dwarf grimaced, his scar tightened and twisted. <U+0080><U+009C>The boy<U+0080><U+0099>s earned himself a dagger, wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t you say?<U+0080><U+009D> Thankfully Tyrion did not wait for her reply. <U+0080><U+009C>Joff quarreled with your brother Robb at Winterfell. Tell me, was there ill feeling between Bran and His Grace as well?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Bran?<U+0080><U+009D> The question confused her. <U+0080><U+009C>Before he fell, you mean?<U+0080><U+009D> She had to try and think back. It was all so long ago. <U+0080><U+009C>Bran was a sweet boy. Everyone loved him. He and Tommen fought with wooden swords, I remember, but just for play.<U+0080><U+009D>Tyrion lapsed back into moody silence.I am no stranger to Valyrian steel, the boy had boasted. The septons were always going on about how the Father Above judges us all. If the Father would be so good as to topple over and crush Joff like a dung beetle, I might even believe it. He ought to have seen it long ago. Jaime would never send another man to do his killing, and Cersei was too cunning to use a knife that could be traced back to her, but Joff, arrogant vicious stupid little wretch that he was . . .He remembered a cold morning when he<U+0080><U+0099>d climbed down the steep exterior steps from Winterfell<U+0080><U+0099>s library to find Prince Joffrey jesting with the Hound about killing wolves. Send a dog to kill a wolf, he said. Even Joffrey was not so foolish as to command Sandor Clegane to slay a son of Eddard Stark, however; the Hound would have gone to Cersei. Instead the boy found his catspaw among the unsavory lot of freeriders, merchants, and camp followers who<U+0080><U+0099>d attached themselves to the king<U+0080><U+0099>s party as they made their way north. Some poxy lackwit willing to risk his life for a prince<U+0080><U+0099>s favor and a little coin.Tyrion wondered whose idea it had been to wait until Robert left Winterfell before opening Bran<U+0080><U+0099>s throat. Joff<U+0080><U+0099>s, most like. No doubt he thought it was the height of cunning.The prince<U+0080><U+0099>s own dagger had a jeweled pommel and inlaid goldwork on the blade, Tyrion seemed to recall. At least Joff had not been stupid enough to use that. Instead he went poking among his father<U+0080><U+0099>s weapons. Robert Baratheon was a man of careless generosity, and would have given his son any dagger he wanted . . . but Tyrion guessed that the boy had just taken it. Robert had come to Winterfell with a long tail of knights and retainers, a huge wheelhouse, and a baggage train. No doubt some diligent servant had made certain that the king<U+0080><U+0099>s weapons went with him, in case he should desire any of them.The blade Joff chose was nice and plain. No goldwork, no jewels in the hilt, no silver inlay on the blade. King Robert never wore it, had likely forgotten he owned it. Yet the Valyrian steel was deadly sharp . . . sharp enough to slice through skin, flesh, and muscle in one quick stroke. I am no stranger to Valyrian steel. But he had been, hadn<U+0080><U+0099>t he? Else he would never have been so foolish as to pick Littlefinger<U+0080><U+0099>s knife.The why of it still eluded him. Simple cruelty, perhaps? His nephew had that in abundance. It was all Tyrion could do not to retch up all the wine he<U+0080><U+0099>d drunk, piss in his breeches, or both. He squirmed uncomfortably. He ought to have held his tongue at breakfast. The boy knows I know now. My big mouth will be the death of me, I swear it.<U+0080><U+009C>If I<U+0080><U+0099>d let kingslaying become a habit, as he liked to say, I could have taken you as my wife for all the world to see. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not ashamed of loving you, only of the things I<U+0080><U+0099>ve done to hide it. That boy at Winterfell . . . <U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Did I tell you to throw him out the window? If you<U+0080><U+0099>d gone hunting as I begged you, nothing would have happened. But no, you had to have me, you could not wait until we returned to the city.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I<U+0080><U+0099>d waited long enough. I hated watching Robert stumble to your bed every night, always wondering if maybe this night he<U+0080><U+0099>d decide to claim his rights as husband.<U+0080><U+009D> Jaime suddenly remembered something else that troubled him about Winterfell. <U+0080><U+009C>At Riverrun, Catelyn Stark seemed convinced I<U+0080><U+0099>d sent some footpad to slit her son<U+0080><U+0099>s throat. That I<U+0080><U+0099>d given him a dagger.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>That,<U+0080><U+009D> she said scornfully. <U+0080><U+009C>Tyrion asked me about that.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>There was a dagger. The scars on Lady Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s hands were real enough, she showed them to me. Did you . . . ?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Oh, don<U+0080><U+0099>t be absurd.<U+0080><U+009D> Cersei closed the window. <U+0080><U+009C>Yes, I hoped the boy would die. So did you. Even Robert thought that would have been for the best. <U+0080>We kill our horses when they break a leg, and our dogs when they go blind, but we are too weak to give the same mercy to crippled children,<U+0080><U+0099> he told me. He was blind himself at the time, from drink.<U+0080><U+009D>Robert? Jaime had guarded the king long enough to know that Robert Baratheon said things in his cups that he would have denied angrily the next day. <U+0080><U+009C>Were you alone when Robert said this?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>You don<U+0080><U+0099>t think he said it to Ned Stark, I hope? Of course we were alone. Us and the children.<U+0080><U+009D> Cersei removed her hairnet and draped it over a bedpost, then shook out her golden curls. <U+0080><U+009C>Perhaps Myrcella sent this man with the dagger, do you think so?<U+0080><U+009D>It was meant as mockery, but she<U+0080><U+0099>d cut right to the heart of it, Jaime saw at once. <U+0080><U+009C>Not Myrcella. Joffrey.<U+0080><U+009D>Cersei frowned. <U+0080><U+009C>Joffrey had no love for Robb Stark, but the younger boy was nothing to him. He was only a child himself . <U+0080><U+009C><U+0080><U+009C>A child hungry for a pat on the head from that sot you let him believe was his father.<U+0080><U+009D> He had an uncomfortable thought. <U+0080><U+009C>Tyrion almost died because of this bloody dagger. If he knew the whole thing was Joffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s work, that might be why . . . <U+0080><U+009D>
Soooo Joffrey's reaction and Tyrion's sensible train of thought is basically confirmation.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 06 May 2013 - 05:10 PM.
5002	Ampris	2013-05-06	spoilered for length
	Spoiler 
Soooo Joffrey's reaction and Tyrion's sensible train of thought is basically confirmation.Wow, thank you. I can't believe I forgot all that.
5003	Honey Badger	2013-05-06	Still supposition.  Could have been LF or Varys trying to instigate.
5004	lostinwesteros	2013-05-06	Touche and i wouldn't doubt him whispering in Joffreys ear, Interesting how in the same episode they show Littlefinger giving Ros to his "friend" Joffrey.I also think he nudged Joffrey into having Ned executed lol maybe i just am giving LF to much credit and underestimating Joffrey.Absolutely.  Only I don't think you're giving LF too much credit, I think that's exactly what he did to orchestrate Ned's beheading.  In addition, we know he will orchestrate Joff's murder at the hand of QOT.
5005	House Lothston	2013-05-07	I agree with the Littlefinger-theory.
Tyrion and Cersei suspect it was Joff, because they think only a royal family-member could give the order.
Though at that very point of the storyline the Kingsguard is a disgrace and someone like LF could easily have a man in there or buy one of them.
					
					
							Edited by House Lothston, 07 May 2013 - 05:28 AM.
5006	Lord Varys	2013-05-07	GRRM really should be asked to resolve this riddle in book canon now. Else people start to believe the show gave the right answer - which would be okay if the show gave the right answer. But I'm not sure about that. It makes sense to establish that both Cersei an Tyrion believe that Joffrey did it, since that may be the deciding factor for Cersei to believe that Tyrion poisoned Joffrey, but the way Joff was portrayed both during in the book and show during the Battle on the Blackwater does not seem to indicate that Joffrey wanted to kill his uncle at this time.
5007	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-07	It seems like it's a precursor to the PW. Giving Tyrion a motive. And also bringing up poisoning as an effective method of killing. Cersei's testimony will be quite strong now.Yeah. That scene was designed in order to make sure Cersei knew that Tyrion had reason to fear Joffrey's intentions.
5008	Twentythoughts	2013-05-08	There's still ambiguity... Cersei either pretends that it was Joff, or she knows that it was Joff, or she THINKS that it was Joff.
But who actually influenced the gold cloaks all the way back in season/book 1? From my recollection, it was Littlefinger.
Gold cloaks are people too, and people are so very corruptible and bribeable.
5009	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-05-09	There's a scene between Cersei and Jaime in which Cersei kinda berates him for doing something so stupid and what if he gets caught, and Jaime responds saying he did it for them and he doesn't care if he gets caught, he'll kill everyone, including Robert, until only he and Cersei remain. Then they have sexy times, naturally b/c it turns Cersei on.Huh. I never took that scene that way. I always thought he was referring to the initial nudge he gave Bran out the window and not the assassination attempt w/ the knife.
5010	NedStark2013	2013-05-09	The Killing Of Ros by Joffrey who is kind a  friend of Tyrions likely will make Tyrion seem more quilty when he likely confronts him about it.
5011	Israel	2013-05-07	SPOILER Why havent we heard of Balon's Death yet?Who is this shadow baby for?Yup!I think this is relevant, please approve and discuss
5012	Azor Ahoy!	2013-05-06	Anyone catch the foreshadowing in Ramsay blowing the horn right after we see the wildlings climbing the Wall? I think it's foreshadowing that the Horn of Winter will be blown and will cause the Wall to collapse. Or that's just my theory
5013	Silverx2	2013-05-07	or, and this is a long shot.
It was a callback to season 2 when theon went on his rant about how he was going to kill the man blowing that horn.
5014	Northbound	2013-05-07	The biggest sense of foreshadowing was the Arya/Mel exchange.  They have not met in the books, thus far.  But in the episode Mel said "we will meet again." This is my thought on this scene for the future of both the books and show.  Arya, once she finishes her FM training will be sent to kill Mel, while she is at the wall with Jon.  Jon will see(to his eye's) a stranger about to kill Mel; a person he knows.  Jon will jump in to save Mel from the would be killer and in the process, stab the assassin through the chest; with whatever sword he is carrying(Longclaw or Dawn).  When sword is removed it is now Lightbringer, after Jon just killed the one person he loved the most.  Arya will be Jon's Nissa Nissa. I posted thoughts about this theory, in the general discussion section as well.
					
					
							Edited by Northbound, 07 May 2013 - 10:10 AM.
5015	Silverx2	2013-05-07	Doesn't make sense. Arya would never try a frontal assault on a priestess, Her training teachers her to wait, watch, and have a plan. Trying to jump mel while her half brother is right there just wouldn't work.
5016	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-05-07	The biggest sense of foreshadowing was the Arya/Mel exchange.  They have not met in the books, thus far.  But in the episode Mel said "we will meet again." This is my thought on this scene for the future of both the books and show.  Arya, once she finishes her FM training will be sent to kill Mel, while she is at the wall with Jon.  Jon will see(to his eye's) a stranger about to kill Mel; a person he knows.  Jon will jump in to save Mel from the would be killer and in the process, stab the assassin through the chest; with whatever sword he is carrying(Longclaw or Dawn).  When sword is removed it is now Lightbringer, after Jon just killed the one person he loved the most.  Arya will be Jon's Nissa Nissa. I posted thoughts about this theory, in the general discussion section as well.I don't think it will happen quite like that.I think she will meet the guy Stannis sent to Bravos to recruit sellswords and from him she will learn what's going on in the north.-fArya married to Ramsay-WW attacking-Battle for WF-Stannis being AAR-about the red priestessthis can go two ways:1) She will desert the FM and will go back to WF and find out who is impostering her2)She will tell the KM as part of the 'learn 3 new things'-game and he will send her there to gather information
					
					
							Edited by nyos, 07 May 2013 - 10:16 AM.
5017	Amoracchius	2013-05-07	or, and this is a long shot.It was a callback to season 2 when theon went on his rant about how he was going to kill the man blowing that horn.That's what I thought of.
5018	Amoracchius	2013-05-07	The biggest sense of foreshadowing was the Arya/Mel exchange.  They have not met in the books, thus far.  But in the episode Mel said "we will meet again." This is my thought on this scene for the future of both the books and show.  Arya, once she finishes her FM training will be sent to kill Mel, while she is at the wall with Jon.  Jon will see(to his eye's) a stranger about to kill Mel; a person he knows.  Jon will jump in to save Mel from the would be killer and in the process, stab the assassin through the chest; with whatever sword he is carrying(Longclaw or Dawn).  When sword is removed it is now Lightbringer, after Jon just killed the one person he loved the most.  Arya will be Jon's Nissa Nissa. I posted thoughts about this theory, in the general discussion section as well.This really compelling ...but I really want it to be wrong. Poor Arya.
5019	Antonious Stark	2013-05-07	I think the Mel and Arya scene was a foreshadowing to the wrong prophecy that Mel gives Jon Snow.
5020	Cas Stark	2013-05-07	I think the Mel and Arya scene was a foreshadowing to the wrong prophecy that Mel gives Jon Snow.How would that work?  Mel has now met Arya Stark, the real Arya Stark, and the BWB  knows its the real Arya Stark, so that whole plot line of Mel seeing the girl on the horse and thinking its Arya will make no sense now...so I would assume it won't happen in the show if they ever get that far.  Or maybe I'm not understanding what wrong prophecy you are talking about?
5021	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	hows THIS for foreshadowing: Tywin tries to fill Olenna's cup and she puts her hand over it, similar to how Roose does in this scene. Jaime says how suspicious it is to normal people....!!!!! SUCH A BIG HINT THAT THE TYRELLS ARE UP TO NO GOOD. Or at least it will be after Robb is betrayed.
5022	Tyrion4President	2013-05-07	couldnt really find an appropriate place to bring this up but i figured foreshadowing will do...
Before the red wedding takes place we need to have the scene with Robb crafting his will. I know this will most likely happen in the next episode or 2 because we just found out about Sansa/Tyrion and im sure Robb will find that out soon as well. Being that we havent seen anything of Glover or Maege Mormont how do you think they will be able to pull this off on screen?
thoughts?
5023	Ajotanelsona	2013-05-07	The way I read the foreshadowing between Arya and Mel is simply implying FakeArya will be going to the Wall in book 6. Mel sees Arya and believes she has seen her future (book 5 - proven incorrect). It's a "false" foreshadowing of sorts.
5024	AzorAhai42	2013-05-07	How would that work?  Mel has now met Arya Stark, the real Arya Stark, and the BWB  knows its the real Arya Stark, so that whole plot line of Mel seeing the girl on the horse and thinking its Arya will make no sense now...so I would assume it won't happen in the show if they ever get that far.  Or maybe I'm not understanding what wrong prophecy you are talking about?I don't know what Antonius Stark was going on about, but Mel's visions are quite frequently wrong or at least partly skewed. She could easily think they will meet again, but in reality it will just be the imposter Arya Stark.
5025	AzorAhai42	2013-05-07	Anyone catch the foreshadowing in Ramsay blowing the horn right after we see the wildlings climbing the Wall? I think it's foreshadowing that the Horn of Winter will be blown and will cause the Wall to collapse. Or that's just my theoryI didn't come to the same conclusion, I'm with the guys on here who say it was a reference to season 2 when Theon kept saying he was going to kill the man who was blowing that horn.
5026	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-05-07	Sorry, I don't think so. Has the Show actually 'foreshadowed" anything that we know happens in the books?
	Spoiler Back before I read the books, I thought Sansa saying (At s2e9, about Joffrey) "He wont die, the bad ones always live" was foreshadowing. Then I read book 3 (:
5027	BlueDragon	2013-05-07	I don't think it will happen quite like that.I think she will meet the guy Stannis sent to Bravos to recruit sellswords and from him she will learn what's going on in the north.-fArya married to Ramsay-WW attacking-Battle for WF-Stannis being AAR-about the red priestessthis can go two ways:1) She will desert the FM and will go back to WF and find out who is impostering her2)She will tell the KM as part of the 'learn 3 new things'-game and he will send her there to gather informationI think this is close to what will happen.  I can't see arya giving a flying frack who impersonates her though.She wants to return to Westeros to take her revenge.She wants to see Jon and whomever else of her family is left.Arya is in big emotional trouble.  She needs to reconnect with some of these people if she isn't to be permanently lost.
5028	Demandred	2013-05-07	Tywin mentions having a strong stomach in the conversation with the QoT, lol.
5029	Caryn Stark	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Does this mean she's gone for good, now?
5030	Imp Riker	2013-05-05	I'd say so, though personally I expected her to stand in for Ser Dontos next season.
5031	Ministry312	2013-05-05	Spoiler  She's dead. Unless Thoros goes back to kings landing for some good old whoring, I don't think shell be back  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
5032	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	ha, the spoiler tags are too funny!  Is she gone for good?  You mean with half a dozen crossbow quarrels thru her head, heart and stomach?  I'd say, unless Thoros trots into the room right quick--she's gone.
5033	Flayed Starkman	2013-05-05	Well, there's absolutely no way she's coming back from that. 
Poor Ros...
5034	Logodnica	2013-05-05	I totally thought she would be standing in for Dontos. Very surprised. Did not expect this at all.  But at the same time I guess they needed to show that Margery did not tame his sadistic ways. 
I wonder if Varys will tell QoT, and that's what will seal Joff's fate.
5035	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Spoiler  She's dead. Unless Thoros goes back to kings landing for some good old whoring, I don't think shell be back  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  
You beat me to it!  But why spoiler tags??
5036	-Ghost-	2013-05-05	This can end the Ros will be fake Arya talk
5037	Zman1863	2013-05-05	I'm glad they finally did away with her, but they made it gruesome enough to make me feel guilty.
5038	ViennaGirl	2013-05-05	that was nasty. I hated that.
5039	Logodnica	2013-05-05	This can end the Ros will be fake Arya talkThat was ridiculous to begin with. A 25 yr old woman can't pretend she's 14.
5040	Ministry312	2013-05-05	You beat me to it!  But why spoiler tags??I'm new to this board, and the OP used spoiler tags, so I wasn't sure and preferred to be safe. I know some people are overly sensitive about spoilers so... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
5041	Randyll Tarly	2013-05-05	Not a classy way to kill such a nice character.... although that was coming to her from the moment she gave Varys the stuff.
5042	Howdyphillip	2013-05-05	I am actually sad... I loved her scenes and I am going to miss her on the show. Having a wild card character helped keep the show interesting to me.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 06 May 2013 - 06:17 AM.
5043	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	All that inclusion of Ros.
And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?
Like we didn't already know that?
I guess they have either :
A.  New avenues for meeting HBO's nudity quota
B.  Are now so big they don't have to deal with HBO's nudity quota anymore.
And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.
5044	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-05-05	I could see it coming.  LF is no fool.  Varys all but admitted he sacrificed her for the "greater good."  He knew he could not protect her from LF.
5045	Mr.Black	2013-05-05	They could of done it better but now it gives me hope that dontos will be back!
5046	Montey14	2013-05-05	Poor Ros....I wonder if thats the catalyst that makes her change her mind and put Loras on the Kingsguard
5047	Montey14	2013-05-05	I guess sir Dontos is back in line then .....
5048	Lord Damian	2013-05-05	So, shae betrayed Ros to Littlefinger. Boy, she sure knows how to get to the powerful men.
5049	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	All that inclusion of Ros.And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?Like we didn't already know that?I guess they have either :A.  New avenues for meeting HBO's nudity quotaB.  Are now so big they don't have to deal with HBO's nudity quota anymore.And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.Based on how things have progressed, I'd say mostly option B with a splash of option A.
5050	ServantOnIce	2013-05-05	Joffrey finally did something I agree with!!! I hated this character adaptation!!!!!!!!!! I think D and D gave us, "Bookies" a bone here . . getting rid of Ros and having us cheer King Joffrey!!! 
Yeah, Joff Da Mannnnnnnnnn!!!http://youtu.be/QaG2Acg8n60
and thishttp://youtu.be/xvX_5ym_ajI
5051	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Not a classy way to kill such a nice character.... although that was coming to her from the moment she gave Varys the stuff.Yes, bc when it comes to killing characters ASoIaF is all a out class
5052	ServantOnIce	2013-05-05	That was ridiculous to begin with. A 25 yr old woman can't pretend she's 14.Exactly, especially since everyone, "Knew" who Ros was  . ...  awful idea.  Thankful for D and D killing that foolish banter.
5053	Lord Flashheart	2013-05-05	I let out a good old fashion "Yes" sorry that I am not sorry.
5054	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	RIP Ros. I actually liked her.
5055	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	All that inclusion of Ros.And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?Like we didn't already know that?I guess they have either :A.  New avenues for meeting HBO's nudity quotaB.  Are now so big they don't have to deal with HBO's nudity quota anymore.And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.I've got a wild theory. Probably not true.D&D read fan criticism and realised that everyone hated her?
5056	Birdsong65	2013-05-05	I thought it was interesting that the quarrels were in the same spots that Arya's were.
So, were the "green eyes" Mel spoke of Joff's, as in Joffrey and Arya share the same "dark place?"
Arya= Brown
Joffrey= Green
	Spoiler Catelyn= Tully Blue
All three share the same "darkness."

Just tossing it out there....
5057	Morrigen	2013-05-05	Ros, we hardly knew you!  But with the dynamic between Varys and Littlefinger being split up soon, she was expendable.  She seemed more a creation to show the backstory on Littlefinger's motivation, as he was a non-POV.   Still sad....
5058	Logodnica	2013-05-05	So, shae betrayed Ros to Littlefinger. Boy, she sure knows how to get to the powerful men.Wait, why do you say this? I though LF figured out that if he was betrayed it was by Ros who saw the manifesto with 2 feather beds. Shae never saw Ros and Varys talk
5059	NedFlanderStark	2013-05-05	I can't believe they assassinated Ros' character like that
5060	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	I've got a wild theory. Probably not true.D&D read fan criticism and realised that everyone hated her?Everyone? Nah, just a few hardcore book nerds.
5061	Team Renlys Peach	2013-05-05	Spoiler  She's dead. Unless Thoros goes back to kings landing for some good old whoring, I don't think shell be back  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  
Wouldn't that be something??!!?? I am mourning her. So bummed. Fucking Joffrey. Nice spin, HBO. Nice spin.
5062	ServantOnIce	2013-05-05	I've got a wild theory. Probably not true.D&D read fan criticism and realised that everyone hated her?Same thing I thought, fans ripped them for deviating from ACOK, this year they are doing a better job, as they did the first season, the best since the first season so far.
5063	Antonious Stark	2013-05-05	OMG I felt so bad for Ros, although she wasn't an important character I loved seeing her. I thought she was going to take the place of Dontos too.
5064	Logodnica	2013-05-05	Interestingly she wasn't naked. Joff is REALLY not interested in sex. He is truly a sadist. Very interesting detail. I'm sure they left her clothed on purpose. After all we know HBO isnt afraid of nudity
5065	lizziebeth	2013-05-05	I LOVE when the show manages to catch me off guard.  I knew LF was talking about Ros in his little speech to Varys, but that visual. Seven Hells.  That shocked me way more than the Theon torture did. I wasn't a Ros fan, but no one deserves to end it that way.  
On the flip side, that was, I think, a much needed reminder of just how sadistic and evil Joff really is.  I have a non-reader friend who watches with me who seemed to forget just how evil he is, especially after the damn near adorable enthusiasm the other week for Targ history.  Now we all remember why we want him dead!
5066	jarl the climber	2013-05-05	I was angry with her death. If they had a boulder fall on her head or lightning strike her out of the blue that would have worked for me. Instead they have pyscho Joff kill her in a gruesome fashion so that it garners some sympathy for her. The writers are trying to throw it off on the veiwers who did not like her instead of admiting that she was a crappy character.
5067	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	Same thing I thought, fans ripped them for deviating from ACOK, this year they are doing a better job, as they did the first season, the best since the first season so far.Actually, I'd say this season has the most non-book material by far, but that it somehow doesn't seem as egregious as season 2 for some reason.
5068	Blaer Dayle	2013-05-05	All that inclusion of Ros.And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?Like we didn't already know that?Well... I can say that for the first time that Ros was onscreen she helped flesh out all characters to what they are in the books... Is it cruel that I can admit her death was her only ever satisfying scene for me?
5069	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	I'm new to this board, and the OP used spoiler tags, so I wasn't sure and preferred to be safe. I know some people are overly sensitive about spoilers so... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Welcome to the board!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
5070	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Well... I can say that for the first time that Ros was onscreen she helped flesh out all characters to what they are in the books... Is it cruel that I can admit her death was her only ever satisfying scene for me?Erm, to be fair, she essentially WAS Tyrion's "establishing character moment."Well, half his character anyway.  The other half being his first conversation with Jon Snow.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 05 May 2013 - 09:25 PM.
5071	Greyjoy67	2013-05-05	Everyone? Nah, just a few hardcore book nerds.I'm not that hardcore, she was just a bit irritating. My girlfriend and my flatmates all disliked as well (and the latter in partiular aint hard to please).
5072	Blaer Dayle	2013-05-05	Erm, to be fair, she essentially WAS Tyrion's "establishing character moment."Well, half his character anyway.  The other half being his first conversation with Jon Snow.Fair enough, almost forgot about that... so the scene where she was written to be a one-off extra and her death... still doesn't say much for her as a character. It's a shame really as the actress was great.
5073	franko99	2013-05-05	I'd say so, though personally I expected her to stand in for Ser Dontos next season.Not a classy way to kill such a nice character.... although that was coming to her from the moment she gave Varys the stuff.Yeah, I was expecting her death since she started to work with Varys, but I always thought she will replace Dontos.This can end the Ros will be fake Arya talkThat, and people finally stop complaining about Ros's scenes, are the "good" part of her death
5074	Broken Fox	2013-05-05	I'm not that hardcore, she was just a bit irritating. My girlfriend and my flatmates all disliked as well (and the latter in partiular aint hard to please).I just think a lot of the book 'purists' overestimate their importance. I see a lot of "Haha D&D finally listened to us!" Yeah, probably not. That crowd is like.. 1% of the audience that watches this show.
5075	ebevan91	2013-05-05	I might as well post this here since it got some praise in the other thread.Referring to book readers being happy over Ros's death:They'll still probably bitch because "SHE DIDN'T DIE IN THE BOOKS".
5076	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	I don't mind Ros, I never did. But now, I understand why the hate: they waisted more time on the death of an invented character than developing real characters who need more time. Like Snow (yes, I'm mad). Snow is an important character who still I feel very bland in the show: we don't know what he wants, what he thinks, what he's experiencing with the wildings, except that he is just starting to feel less scared by Ygritte. I think Ros has had more development than Jon in this season.
5077	Blaer Dayle	2013-05-05	It's not about being a purist, I didn't like her because I felt she reduced the mysterious cunningness (I don't think that's a word) of Littlefinger by making all his decisions transparent to the audience, made Varys seem dumb by noticing things that he didn't, reduced the number of different whores that would be included in the show, thus making Westeros seem smaller, and seem like less women were forced into hard lifestyles to survive, and had an unrealistic rise to power. Yeah she could have gotten there eventually, but that was not a believable period of time for it to happen.
5078	Bastard of Boston	2013-05-05	I was somewhat surprised to see her axed without even getting a line of dialog in her exit episode. Love her or hate her, she's been a primary supporting character on the show for three seasons. It was weird to see her death treated as an afterthought.
It did have powerful resonance, though. As book readers, we can be a little jaded about what's to come. This was the first time in the entire series where I was shocked. So, in the end, this served its purpose, I suppose. Joff also becomes all the more sinister in the eyes of the public, just in case they were thinking he'd lost his edge.
Also, for the people who didn't think Littlefinger has been an imposing enough figure so far, it turns Littlefinger into a darker entity...less the snarky weasel.
5079	NedFlanderStark	2013-05-05	This was really not okay, PatrickStormborn was right. Ros' death was very triggering for me... it brought me back to a time in my life when a boy-king tied me up and shot me with a crossbow. D&D should be ashamed... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
5080	jmk51	2013-05-05	All that inclusion of Ros.And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?Like we didn't already know that?I guess they have either :A.  New avenues for meeting HBO's nudity quotaB.  Are now so big they don't have to deal with HBO's nudity quota anymore.And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.Completely off topic, but strip clubs are notorious for money laundering, so its actually makes sense that people in "cash only" enterprises would set up shop there.
5081	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	This was really not okay, PatrickStormborn was right. Ros' death was very triggering for me... it brought me back to a time in my life when a boy-king tied me up and shot me with a crossbow. D&D should be ashamed...HAR! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
5082	Kasrith	2013-05-05	I'd say so, though personally I expected her to stand in for Ser Dontos next season.I'm not surprised, I always thought Dontos will be standing in for Dontos
5083	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-05	And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.Tony Soprano operating out of "Bada Bing" was based on the real life Mafioso Vincent "Vinny Ocean" Palermo, who owned "Wiggles" in Queens.
5084	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	I suppose. Joff also becomes all the more sinister in the eyes of the public, just in case they were thinking he'd lost his edge.I think Tywin and Tyrion will confront him about this and this will have him say the "everybody is mine to torment" that we heard back in the trailers, which many thought would be about Sansa.To be fair, Joffrey in books has been more an annoying s.o.b, rather than a dangerous one. Now, there is more reasons for everybody to be a suspect later. Even when she was a whore, there is nothing ok, on a King who is being given a girl to torture and murder, specially if the Tyrells hear about it.
5085	Ser_Patreck	2013-05-05	"Damn that Ros bitch! Even when being shot to death she still takes up... 5 seconds of episode time! Joffrey was too nice on her!".
Wow. You people...
5086	towerofjoy	2013-05-05	Poor Ros. But agree -- this is the catalyst for Loras joining the Kingsguard and PW plotting.
5087	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	Completely off topic, but strip clubs are notorious for money laundering, so its actually makes sense that people in "cash only" enterprises would set up shop there.But it wouldn't be their "front".  Launder thru the club, do business elsewhere.  I've experienced it first hand through a coffee shop and a burger joint, but the strip club is too much "heat".Unless you are stupid, or meeting a nudity quota.
5088	Kasrith	2013-05-05	This was a sweet reminder to viewers that no one is safe in Westeros... They needed the death quota up more than they needed the 'nudity quota'
5089	ServantOnIce	2013-05-05	This was a sweet reminder to viewers that no one is safe in Westeros... They needed the death quota up more than they needed the 'nudity quota'Dexter Season 7, which I finally got around to seeing had a high nudity quota with all those Russian strip club scenes, it is obvious the pay networks show nudity to draw in those with simple minds.
5090	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-05	Or unless you realize that lots of character was pulled from different Mafia figures in the TriState area.  Vinny Ocean was the Boss of the DeCalvacante family that the Soprano family is based off of.
5091	Bayard	2013-05-05	This was a bad decision. This season Ros really started to look like she could be useful to the show.... her replacing Dontos was perfect!! I actually think that D&D never thought about it, and that's why they didn't use it. What was the point of this death?? to show us that Joff is a sadist?? who didn't know that already??? Does LF look smart by sacrificing her?? No he doesn't .... the LF in the book most likely would have fed her false info if he knew it was going to Varys. She was useful to him. They could have killed her in season 4, without letting us know until then that LF knew about her. That would have helped LF's character... in the show he is punked by everyone: Tyrion, Varys, Cersei..... I am disappointed.
5092	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	Or unless you realize that lots of character was pulled from different Mafia figures in the TriState area.  Vinny Ocean was the Boss of the DeCalvacante family that the Soprano family is based off of.Did he use a strip club as a front, or did he just use it as income or a money laundering opportunity?Because if he used it as a front, that might be why you know what his name is and what his business was.Better to make books behind the kitchens of a low volume burger joint.  Unless you are meeting a nudity quota.
5093	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-05	The only problem with her dying is that they didn't show it happening.  This was probably my biggest mark out moment this season.  Even more than Dracarys, and that was awesome.
5094	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	I have to scratch my head at all the people who are outraged that they didn't get to see an extended scene of Joffrey torturing and murdering Ros, just because they hate her so much they would have enjoyed watching her tortured and murdered.You could say they might even get some kind of perverse pleasure out of that.  Like, I don't know, freakin' Joffrey.
5095	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	lulz, I used to work for said low-volume burger joint, and the owner actually got mad when me and my buddy started making bomb-ass food and attracting more business. We suggested repairing the broken big screen TV, and they were like "hellnah" and without explicitly saying it that was when we realized they didn't want any more business.
You don't use a business with "heat" as a front, and pay TV networks very much have a nudity quota.
All misogynism aside, I hope the death of Ros represents that the series is now "above the nudity quota".
5096	Bastard Walder	2013-05-05	I have to scratch my head at all the people who are outraged that they didn't get to see an extended scene of Joffrey torturing and murdering Ros, just because they hate her so much they would have enjoyed watching her tortured and murdered.You could say they might even get some kind of perverse pleasure out of that.  Like, I don't know, freakin' Joffrey.Down in The Reach we don't care if one person dicreetly tortures another person under the covers.Is that how she said it?Edit: I'd argue the people wanting Arya and Gendry to fuck are far worse.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard Walder, 05 May 2013 - 10:10 PM.
5097	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Down in The Reach we don't care if one person dicreetly tortures another person under the covers.Is that how she said it?Or on top of the covers, as the case may be.  It's warm down in the Reach, remember?  Sam told me that.
5098	Winter's Prince	2013-05-05	All I know is Ros was bad, sexy, and a fucking turn on, and now she's dead.
5099	go joff go	2013-05-05	I know its been mentioned but its too funny that purists are mad about her dying in a way that they themselves wished on her and are now mad at D&D for doing it as a way to get back at purists.
5100	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-05	Remember that in the show everyone thought that Ros was Tyrion's lover, not Shae. So there is now the motivation and implication that Joffrey killed Tyrion's lover. I wonder if this will be mentioned in the next episode. This death will surely bring about the scene where Tywin lays the smackdown on Joffrey. I've been waiting patiently for this scene for YEARS. It's one of my favorites in the books and will surely be one of my favorites on the show. Tywin vs. Joffrey...yessss!!!
5101	Magic 8 Ball	2013-05-05	Tony Soprano operating out of "Bada Bing" was based on the real life Mafioso Vincent "Vinny Ocean" Palermo, who owned "Wiggles" in Queens.Owned, but didn't actually operate out of, I'd surmise.  Unless that's why you know his name.Nudity quota.
5102	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	I know its been mentioned but its too funny that purists are mad about her dying in a way that they themselves wished on her and are now mad at D&D for doing it as a way to get back at purists. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Perfect summary. All I know is Ros was bad, sexy, and a fucking turn on, and now she's dead.To some people, that makes her even hotter. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />  Too bad they omitted Reek from the show.
5103	Golden Lion	2013-05-05	I didn't mind Ros, most of her scenes were rather important character moments for other people. 
Rather sad she died in that way, though I do wonder what's happening now. I assumed she would lead Sansa from the PW and go overboard like Dontos or go to the Eyrie with Sansa.
5104	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-05	Also, has Joffrey ever out and out murdered someone himself yet? This was an important "Crossing of the Rubicon" moment for this character. He has turned from a sadist to a murderer. His level of villainy just upped three fold.
5105	Bastard Walder	2013-05-05	Also, has Joffrey ever out and out murdered someone himself yet? This was an important "Crossing of the Rubicon" moment for this character. He has turned from a sadist to a murderer. His level of villainy just upped three fold.Yeah he shot like a dozen peasants who went to the castle to ask for food in the books.
5106	Chuck88	2013-05-05	Non-canonical character or not, Ros' is one of the saddest stories in the show.
5107	Chuck88	2013-05-05	.
					
					
							Edited by Chuck88, 05 May 2013 - 10:24 PM.
5108	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	Well, some are already calling her death "misogynistic"...Her death was basically used as a device to further Littlefingers plot, and the manner in which she was killed was disgustingly misogynistic<U+0080><U+009C>goodbye Ros, you didn<U+0080><U+0099>t deserve that horribly misogynistic death, THANKS A LOT D&D<U+0080><U+009D>
5109	Chuck88	2013-05-05	^ you should have seen the preview thread earlier. Apparently we're not even allowed to call her a 'prostitute' any more. It has to be 'sexworker.'
5110	boojam	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Does this mean she's gone for good, now? 
Didn't exist in the books,.....
5111	boojam	2013-05-05	Also, has Joffrey ever out and out murdered someone himself yet? This was an important "Crossing of the Rubicon" moment for this character. He has turned from a sadist to a murderer. His level of villainy just upped three fold.His murder of Ned was not a murder?
5112	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Well, some are already calling her death "misogynistic"...Wouldn't calling her death misogynistic from the point of view of the show's creator's necessarily presuppose that Joffrey and Littlefinger are not complete bastards?If a thoroughly horrible character commits a reprehensible act, it's a bit contradictory for people to criticize the show and the show's writers for allegedly implicitly endorsing that act.
5113	Bastard Walder	2013-05-05	Didn't exist in the books,.....I personally think she'll be taking over Cat's role as Lady Stoneheart, it makes more sense than the Arya Stark theory.
5114	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-05	^ you should have seen the preview thread earlier. Apparently we're not even allowed to call her a 'prostitute' any more. It has to be 'sexworker.'Heh. This is a gem:I<U+0080><U+0099>m a (usually) shameless show apologist but I am genuinely disturbed and offended by the gratuitous, sexualized murder of Ros we<U+0080><U+0099>ll be seeing tonight. The screenshots are making me a little ill in a way that has nothing to do with their (negligible) gore and everything to do with the exploitation of a disadvantaged woman by a sadistic king male-run, wank banking show.Note: person has not even watched the episode. And the whole thing goes on about how we hate prostitutes and are affraid of women speaking, and blah.
5115	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Does this mean she's gone for good, now? 
I guess so. Only Thoros has the ability to resurrect the dead so far, and he's very far away.
5116	TRAVYS	2013-05-05	Looks like GoT pulled a "Nikki and Paulo" with Ros -- although LOST had the good sense to build a whole episode around their deaths.
5117	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Looks like GoT pulled a "Nikki and Paulo" with Ros -- although LOST had the good sense to build a whole episode around their deaths.Imagine the wrath if an entire episode was built around Ros' death.
5118	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Imagine the wrath if an entire episode was built around Ros' death.Fortunately GoT actually has places to go and people to kill.  Well, other people, anyway.  Point being, this show doesn't have the luxury of dicking around for half a season because there's no clear plan on where the story is going and the creators are just trying to stretch "make it up as we go along" into 6 seasons of material when you have enough ideas for maybe 2 and a half.
5119	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-05	His murder of Ned was not a murder?Joff didn't actually kill Ned.
5120	jarl the climber	2013-05-05	I wonder what the Tyrells to do the guy who ratted out the Sansa marriage?
5121	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	I wonder what the Tyrells to do the guy who ratted out the Sansa marriage?The worst ignominy possible... he will never get to appear on the television show again.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5122	TRAVYS	2013-05-05	Imagine the wrath if an entire episode was built around Ros' death.That would be hilarious in a table-flipping kind of way. The Nikki and Paulo episode (Expose') at least showed some good backstory and was pretty funny.The Ros story lines throughout the series came off clunky at best. Ros' death seems gratuitous -- we already knew Little Finger was a dick and Joffrey a little psychopath. It seems its only purpose was to do away with a little-liked character, tie up a few loose ends and put a punctuation point on a middling episode.
					
					
							Edited by Travys, 05 May 2013 - 11:12 PM.
5123	Cravensbayne	2013-05-05	Whooooo hoooook she is gone!!!!!!!
5124	TRAVYS	2013-05-05	Fortunately GoT actually has places to go and people to kill.  Well, other people, anyway.  Point being, this show doesn't have the luxury of dicking around for half a season because there's no clear plan on where the story is going and the creators are just trying to stretch "make it up as we go along" into 6 seasons of material when you have enough ideas for maybe 2 and a half.Ouch. I sense a disgruntled LOST fan. Can't say I disagree. That's why I continue to be amazed at what GRRM has done creating the world of ASOIAF.
5125	Hoo	2013-05-05	I actually cheered for Joffrey!!!wow
5126	Warhawk137	2013-05-05	Ouch. I sense a disgruntled LOST fan. Can't say I disagree. That's why I continue to be amazed at what GRRM has done creating the world of ASOIAF.There's a reason I sniffed out Walking Dead for what it was well before the end of the first season.It's very rare to find a television show that isn't content with just being the scenario that got pitched to the execs in the first place.  TV shows never actually make an effort to go anywhere - even ones that have overarching storylines tend to maintain the status quo in insidious ways, because apparently viewers like the idea of a story better than any actual story involving plot and character development.
5127	nubreed000	2013-05-05	Remember that in the show everyone thought that Ros was Tyrion's lover, not Shae. So there is now the motivation and implication that Joffrey killed Tyrion's lover. I wonder if this will be mentioned in the next episode. This death will surely bring about the scene where Tywin lays the smackdown on Joffrey. I've been waiting patiently for this scene for YEARS. It's one of my favorites in the books and will surely be one of my favorites on the show. Tywin vs. Joffrey...yessss!!!can you refresh my memory? I can't remember how Tywin lays the smack down on Joffrey, other than the time he ordered one of the Kingsguard to take him back to his room.
5128	Zar Lannister	2013-05-05	I didn't remember Joffrey being very talented with bows though.
5129	Florent Vixen	2013-05-05	She was a cynically created character and her
death was cynical and gratuitous. Smacked a bit
of desperation to. We already know Joffrey is a
psycho and Littlefinger is ruthless.
I don't feel bad that a empty character is off for good.
But as with the Loros scene last week I don't respect
the way they chose to do it. Throwing in a glimpse of
torture porn at the end of a muddled episode was a
series low point.
5130	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-05	Joff didn't actually kill Ned.That's debatable.But, I would say it wasn't murder.
5131	qixoticneurotic	2013-05-05	i feel as if roz ws a giveback to readers or perhaps even martin after the departure for gendrys character.
5132	Vicious Fire	2013-05-05	Just when I thought I wasn't going to be surprised by any other death, this one comes.
I actually liked Ros. I didn't think she was crappy just because she doesn't exist in the books. She was great in season 2.
The only thing I'm thankful for is for reminding me how much I want to see Joffrey die already.
					
					
							Edited by Alejandro, 05 May 2013 - 11:39 PM.
5133	ImpudentLittleWench	2013-05-05	Poor Ros. No matter what you thought of her character she didn't deserve that. Someone on here said her death was treated as an afterthought and that makes sense because no one is going to make a fuss over her death. It just shows how cheap life is in Westeros, especially if you're low born.
5134	Envie	2013-05-05	Remember that in the show everyone thought that Ros was Tyrion's lover, not Shae. So there is now the motivation and implication that Joffrey killed Tyrion's lover. I wonder if this will be mentioned in the next episode. This death will surely bring about the scene where Tywin lays the smackdown on Joffrey. I've been waiting patiently for this scene for YEARS. It's one of my favorites in the books and will surely be one of my favorites on the show. Tywin vs. Joffrey...yessss!!!THIS. I am inclined to believe they had good reason for using Ros for several reasons. Firstly, she was a very good exposition tool in the first two seasons, this season she has become a much more active pawn in the game rather than just a simple storytelling tool. She was an invented character meant to be disposable from the start yet useful even in that disposal. By eliminating her this way, by Joffrey, we see something much more interesting brewing than just more example of his sadism which viewers are already convinced of. We get to see what happens when Grandpa finds out and has to deal with this because of course Cersei is going to tell him this was Tyrion's whore lover and maybe Tyrion will even play it up to get the scent off of Shae and that will lead to Joffrey flipping out about his power in front of Tywin. I am very curious to see how Tywin will deal with a much nastier, much more dangerous Joffrey than existed in the books.
5135	drigoly	2013-05-06	In fear of getting a lot of angry responses, what if D&D are gonna go with UnRoss instead of UnCat in the last episode? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by drigoly, 06 May 2013 - 12:01 AM.
5136	Envie	2013-05-06	In fear of getting a lot of angry responses, what if D&D are gonna go with UnRoss instead of UnCat in the last episode? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />That would be even more horrible than UnCat in the first place. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I think we're seeing the last of Ros but the fallout clues from her death are still pretty big and we'll find out next week.
5137	TRAVYS	2013-05-06	That would be even more horrible than UnCat in the first place. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I think we're seeing the last of Ros but the fallout clues from her death are still pretty big and we'll find out next week.Good point. There were a few characters that were a little too chummy -- and that will turn to ashes when it is revealed what happened.
5138	sastelise	2013-05-06	So who's gonna give Sansa the hairnet? Non-book viewers won't remember Dontos by this point...
5139	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-06	That's debatable.But, I would say it wasn't murder.Then I'll rephrase my statement, Joffrey didn't kill Ned with his own hands, but by all looks of it, he was the one who did in Ros.  Though it wouldn't surprise me if he had one of the Kingsguard do it and then Joff went back in to whack off to the dead body, since that's the type of freak they're really trying to push Joff has in the TV series.  I thought he was a bit more normal in the books.
5140	amilas	2013-05-06	I'm just a bit disappointed...what was the point of even inventing Ros if they were just going to build her up for some mystery job and then kill her?
5141	Words of Winter	2013-05-06	ha, the spoiler tags are too funny!  Is she gone for good?  You mean with half a dozen crossbow quarrels thru her head, heart and stomach?  I'd say, unless Thoros trots into the room right quick--she's gone.Come on.  We all know that isn't the real Ros.  That is Ros' twin sister from up yonder Winterfell way.  Ros is really hiding out with Varys./wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />God I hope they don't pull a soap opera twin dealio.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
5142	fizzle365	2013-05-06	Remember that in the show everyone thought that Ros was Tyrion's lover, not Shae. So there is now the motivation and implication that Joffrey killed Tyrion's lover. I wonder if this will be mentioned in the next episode. This death will surely bring about the scene where Tywin lays the smackdown on Joffrey. I've been waiting patiently for this scene for YEARS. It's one of my favorites in the books and will surely be one of my favorites on the show. Tywin vs. Joffrey...yessss!!!This. I think that her death might even replace the incident with Penny and her brother. It seems logical for everyone to think that Tyrion would want to poison Joffrey if Joff had brutally murdered his lover. At least I hope that's how it will go. I hated that arc so much.
5143	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	So who's gonna give Sansa the hairnet? Non-book viewers won't remember Dontos by this point...Maybe one of the Tyrells, since they've become such good friends.
5144	TheDarkOne	2013-05-06	Joff is awesome as usual! Nice way to put a bad story line to an end.
5145	TheDarkOne	2013-05-06	So who's gonna give Sansa the hairnet? Non-book viewers won't remember Dontos by this point...My vote is for the Queen of Thorns.
5146	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	This was also a good callback to that scene between Joffrey and Margaery when she was talking about how thrilling it must be to pull the trigger and watch something on the other side of a room die. Obviously that's where Joffrey got the idea and he's been wanting to try it out for a while, so thank you Margaery. You inadvertantly got Roz killed.
5147	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	This was also a good callback to that scene between Joffrey and Margaery when she was talking about how thrilling it must be to pull the trigger and watch something on the other side of a room die. Obviously that's where Joffrey got the idea and he's been wanting to try it out for a while, so thank you Margaery. You inadvertantly got Roz killed.eh Joffrey would have no problem with coming up with that himself. he probably saw Ros and thought"how do i want to kill you, hey look a crossbow"Then I'll rephrase my statement, Joffrey didn't kill Ned with his own hands, but by all looks of it, he was the one who did in Ros.  Though it wouldn't surprise me if he had one of the Kingsguard do it and then Joff went back in to whack off to the dead body, since that's the type of freak they're really trying to push Joff has in the TV series.  I thought he was a bit more normal in the books.I dunno if he ever got off to inflicting pain in the books. but i don't think it's a huge strecth.
5148	Envie	2013-05-06	This was also a good callback to that scene between Joffrey and Margaery when she was talking about how thrilling it must be to pull the trigger and watch something on the other side of a room die. Obviously that's where Joffrey got the idea and he's been wanting to try it out for a while, so thank you Margaery. You inadvertantly got Roz killed.Well I'm just glad they didn't include Margaery in that scene. Ugh!
5149	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	I'm just a bit disappointed...what was the point of even inventing Ros if they were just going to build her up for some mystery job and then kill her?I actually think they wrote themselves into a corner with Ros. She's not canon and kinda getting in the way of canon characters/events. So i think they were trying to find a way to make her work for later episodes and just couldnt come up with anything that wasnt stupid or horribly contrived so they killed her off to demonstrate a master stroke by Littlefinger in Varys' general direction.
5150	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Well I'm just glad they didn't include Margaery in that scene. Ugh!I could imagine Joffrey inviting marge up to his room and going "hey i made you a present"thinking she'll enjoy it just as much.
5151	Angmar	2013-05-06	People are complaining how anti-sexworker and mysoginistic her death was...
And I find it funny because previously nobody cared about Ros, and suddenly they're all "BAH THIS SHOW IS HORRIBLE BLAH BLAH BLAH"
These people only care because a woman suffered, not because of her actual character; if it was a man they would care less. These fans are all of the belief that every single female character in this show is good and all the males are bad. Just ugh.
And I wonder how will they react once the canon!women start dying? Cat, Lysa, Shae....Would they also acuse the show/book of being mysoginistic?
5152	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	Well, some are already calling her death "misogynistic"...It's so laughable when people start screaming misoginy every time something bad happens to a female character, while blithely ignoring all the terrible things which happen to the male characters. I guess they missed Theon being threatened with rape a few episodes back and the horrible torture he endured this episode?A funny example of this, though, was when I was watching a review of the pilot for Stargate SG-1. A commenter complained that Carter's depiction was misogynistic because she was green. Err... she was green because she was doing things and experiencing things she'd never done or experienced before. But nope, according to this commenter, the showrunners should've had a male character who was likewise equally green. According to her, they should've wasted valuable screentime on a throwaway male character acting exactly the same like Carter just so Carter's depiction wouldn't be misogynistic. Honestly, some people just can't be taken seriously...
5153	Mr Hodor	2013-05-06	So who's gonna give Sansa the hairnet? Non-book viewers won't remember Dontos by this point...It will take less than 2 minutes to remind TV viewerswho ser dontos is.
5154	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-06	That was ridiculous to begin with. A 25 yr old woman can't pretend she's 14.Thank you!
5155	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Poor Ros. I have little to no respect for anyone who actively cheered when they saw that.
5156	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	eh Joffrey would have no problem with coming up with that himself. he probably saw Ros and thought"how do i want to kill you, hey look a crossbow"Yeah, but it's a very specific scenario that he obviously wanted to see played out, and it was an idea which he clearly got from Margaery. I very much doubt that his choice of murder weapon was totally random.I could imagine Joffrey inviting marge up to his room and going "hey i made you a present"thinking she'll enjoy it just as much.I'm actually thinking the same thing. That he'll call her up and say "Hey, remember that thing we were talking about the other day? Well come check out what I just did..."
5157	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-06	I've got a wild theory. Probably not true.D&D read fan criticism and realised that everyone hated her?Not everyone hated Ros.  I liked her and knew that the Ros haters would be wetting their shorts in glee when she died.
5158	Sun	2013-05-06	I liked it. It was brutal without being gratuitously horrifying or gory. It called back to both Joff's scene with crossbow earlier this season, and Joff's scene with the 2 whores from last season.
It made me, finally, feel sorry for Ros - and by extention, all the small folk who may have to live under Joff's rule - and fear for Marg if she married him. It will certainly justify the Tyrells murdering him at PW.
Worst thing about the scene was LF's the climb speech playing over it. The speech was facile and limp, a college student's attempt at the philosophy of power.
ETA:
It also had LF fulfill his threat to Ros in S2.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 02:38 AM.
5159	kephv	2013-05-06	I didn't particularly care for her either way but her death hit me. Not a lot, more like a shock<U+0080><U+0094>it was well done I thought, especially since it looked at one point like D&D were going to drag her storyline through each new season.
5160	amilas	2013-05-06	I actually think they wrote themselves into a corner with Ros. She's not canon and kinda getting in the way of canon characters/events. So i think they were trying to find a way to make her work for later episodes and just couldnt come up with anything that wasnt stupid or horribly contrived so they killed her off to demonstrate a master stroke by Littlefinger in Varys' general direction.You're probably right. Although I can't help but feel like they meant to use her for something else, then they visited this site and realized no one really likes her and decided to kill her off instead. Good job guys! Seriously, no sarcasm intended! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
5161	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Poor Ros. I have little to no respect for anyone who actively cheered when they saw that.I didnt cheer cuz that was a terrible way to go. In fact, i found it chilling due to how the bolts were placed. They were placed in the same places as Arya's arrows in the straw man. Yeah, im glad Ros isnt in the show anymore, but her death was pretty brutal and chilling which i felt added to the whole "Shit is getting real" vibe going on.
5162	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-06	Yeah he shot like a dozen peasants who went to the castle to ask for food in the books.That didn't happen in the show, however, and I'm discussing the show, not ASoS. The TV audience had yet to see Show!Joffrey murder someone personally.
5163	Mendoza	2013-05-06	Never get between a man and his ambition.
She knew Littlefinger was evil and still played the high stakes game of double agent. She had it good too, as mistress of the whore house.
5164	Thor Odinson	2013-05-06	which i felt added to the whole "Shit is getting real" vibe going on.You didn't get that vibe when Ned Stark lost his head?
5165	zaphodbrx	2013-05-06	Damn, now my dream won't come true. RIP Ros.http://25.media.tumb...v4iv8o1_500.jpg
5166	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-06	Not liking the character isn't the same as hating her or asking her to have a terrible end, which was what happened to her. Her death was rather cruel, who knows what else Joffrey did to her before he shoot her, anyway?
The hairnet could be given to her by the QoT herself, or Maergery, making her participation more ambiguous already.
About Joffrey's killings:
- The kitten - not in the show, but worth mention it.
- Sending the murderer to kill Bran
- Ordering to kill the bastards.
Only the murder attempt of Bran would be something I consider it as if he had done it himself, as he had done if he could.
5167	oprahnoodlemantra	2013-05-06	Maybe Dontos will come back next season. If not, Loras's "sparring partner" worked as a random informer so there's no reason they can't just do that again.
5168	Nictarion	2013-05-06	I'm just a bit disappointed...what was the point of even inventing Ros if they were just going to build her up for some mystery job and then kill her?That's the point, there was no point. D & D have said in interviews they just happened to really like the girl who played Ros, so they decided to write more scenes for her. There was absolutely no point for her to have so much screen time, except that D & D liked her. It was high time to get rid of her. She took to much time away from IMPORTANT characters.
					
					
							Edited by Nictarion, 06 May 2013 - 02:16 AM.
5169	Typhaon	2013-05-06	I thought Ros developed into a decent character.
Her death brings back into focus how dangerous and unforgiving the Game of Thrones can be... she was doing OK, then she over-played her hand.
It's also not a bad way to push the hate meter back to 10 for Joffrey... it might've slipped to a 9 in recent days.  I think Ros was a well-liked character.
5170	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Of course she isn't liked on here. The reaction to even the slightest of changes on here ranges from mere dislike to hatred to (ridiculous) accusations of homophobia and misogyny.It wouldn't surprise if she had been less hated among unsullied.
5171	Nictarion	2013-05-06	Of course she isn't liked on here. The reaction to even the slightest of changes on here ranges from mere dislike to hatred to (ridiculous) accusations of homophobia and misogyny.It wouldn't surprise if she had been less hated among unsullied.I am a hardcore book fan and I actually like some changes they have made, as long as they are entertaining or have a point. Ros was neither.
5172	Belisarius09	2013-05-06	I really thought she would have filled in for Dontos, which I think would have worked very well.  Instead of giving her to Jofferey LF could have just been all like "Thank you for bringing Sansa to me, your services have been most valuable, however I know you've been working for Vary's so... (Shoots her and throws her off the boat)"  I really think that would have worked well since the non-book reading audience knew Ros.  Now I feel like we're going to be hectically introduced again to Dontos Hollard but the non-book readers won't really have any clue who he is.  If they planned on using him instead of Ros then they should have been having him in more scenes than just theone scene in the first episode of season 2.  NO ONE will remember him. I don't think the show played their cards right on this, this is one instance where they really should have taken some liberties.  Oh well.
					
					
							Edited by Belisarius09, 06 May 2013 - 02:50 AM.
5173	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-06	I really thought she would have filled in for Dontos, which I think would have worked very well.  Instead of giving her to Jofferey LF could have just been all like "Thank you for bringing Sansa to me, your services have been most valuable, however I know you've been working for Vary's so... (Shoots her and throws her off the boat)"  I really think that would have worked well since the non-book reading audience knew Ros.  Now I feel like we're going to be hectically introduced again to Dontos Hollard but the non-book readers won't really have any clue who he is.  If they planned on using him instead of Ros then they should have been having him in more scenes than just theone scene in the first episode of season 2.  NO ONE will remember him. I don't think the show played their cards right on this, this is one instance where they really should have taken some liberties.  Oh well.I thought the same thing too, but i think they showed both how fucked up Joffrey is and that LF will do anything on his climb to power in one stroke.
5174	the hound of sansa	2013-05-06	if she was to replace Dontos, it would mean she'd know LF's plans about shipping Sansa away after the PW. but the show has made her Varys' spy. so anything she knew, Varys would know too. and we have seen that Varys does not let LF get away with his plans. it would not work
5175	Typhaon	2013-05-06	I thought the same thing too, but i think they showed both how fucked up Joffrey is and that LF will do anything on his climb to power in one stroke.Good point... lest anyone has forgotten some of his previous actions.
5176	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Looks like yet again, just like people did last week with Selyse, people hilariously overreacted. There was no objectification of women, there was no glorifying of violence, it wasn't character assassination. Just like last week, it was just a brief shot of something which caused a total shitstorm, but was ultimately ineffectual.
I'm glad we didn't have a long, drawn-out scene where Joffrey kills her. In fact, I really liked that we got her death presented to us in a very matter-of-fact montage. It fuels the tragedy of Ros. She was just another cog, just another pawn, just another disposable asset, and her death will sadly won't be dwelt upon by the players of the game. Despite her brutal death, she will be glossed over, and forgotten, like many of the smallfolk that suffer in the game of thrones. It's all about the subtext, people.
5177	Sun	2013-05-06	I just read this comment over at WiC, it pointed out something I had missed. I'll just quote it: Joffrey took way more arrows to hit his target than Arya would have because he<U+0080><U+0099>s so incompetentIt's a nice contrast between Arya's and Joff's scenes.
5178	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Looks like yet again, just like people did last week with Selyse, people hilariously overreacted. There was no objectification of women, there was no glorifying of violence, it wasn't character assassination. Just like last week, it was just a brief shot of something which caused a total shitstorm, but was ultimately ineffectual.I'm glad we didn't have a long, drawn-out scene where Joffrey kills her. In fact, I really liked that we got her death presented to us in a very matter-of-fact montage. It fuels the tragedy of Ros. She was just another cog, just another pawn, just another disposable asset, and her death will sadly won't be dwelt upon by the players of the game. Despite her brutal death, she will be glossed over, and forgotten, like many of the smallfolk that suffer in the game of thrones. It's all about the subtext, people. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />That's why I liked Ros. She was a good example of how the people get totally fucked by the "highborn". The only other non-highborn characters within the Seven Kingdoms are Shae and Bronn (I think?), and neither of them undergo what Ros did.
5179	Nictarion	2013-05-06	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />That's why I liked Ros. She was a good example of how the people get totally fucked by the "highborn". The only other non-highborn characters within the Seven Kingdoms are Shae and Bronn (I think?), and neither of them undergo what Ros did.Davos is the best low born character.
5180	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Davos is the best low born character.Oh, I forgot about him. Although, he gets raised to a Lord, so I'm not sure he really counts either.
5181	Kienn	2013-05-06	I just read this comment over at WiC, it pointed out something I had missed. I'll just quote it:---Joffrey took way more arrows to hit his target than Arya would have because he<U+0080><U+0099>s so incompetent---It's a nice contrast between Arya's and Joff's scenes.More likely he was torturing her and hit exactly where he wanted to hit... (he did bullseye on that boar's eye just a few episodes ago...)Even the couple bolts that hit the bed in the background are just part of the torture, watching her scream in terror multiple times when he fires before actually hitting her.
5182	Nictarion	2013-05-06	Oh, I forgot about him. Although, he gets raised to a Lord, so I'm not sure he really counts either.Bronn and Shae are raised far above their original stations as well. We never really get a POV from the common folk.
5183	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	Oh, I forgot about him. Although, he gets raised to a Lord, so I'm not sure he really counts either.Maybe his kids don't but he would since he wasn't born into a high family. He still came from low birth.
5184	Nictarion	2013-05-06	More likely he was torturing her and hit exactly where he wanted to hit... (he did bullseye on that boar's eye just a few episodes ago...)Even the couple bolts that hit the bed in the background are just part of the torture, watching her scream in terror multiple times when he fires before actually hitting her.I agree. Why would Joffrey kill her quickly? He is a sadist after all .
5185	Sun	2013-05-06	More likely he was torturing her and hit exactly where he wanted to hit... (he did bullseye on that boar's eye just a few episodes ago...)Even the couple bolts that hit the bed in the background are just part of the torture, watching her scream in terror multiple times when he fires before actually hitting her.The boar's head was not a living human being. In the show, Joff had never attempted to kill a living thing before, nerves and excitement are likely to throw off one's aim. The scene can be read both ways. It can be read to correlate with Ramsay's torturing Theon just because he likes it, and it can be read to show Joff's incompetence. It's also worth noting that the two reading are not mutually exclusive, they can both be right. Not only is he a sick bastard, he's an incompetent sick bastard.
5186	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-06	I agree. Why would Joffrey kill her quickly? He is a sadist after all .plus it wasn't like she was going anywhere, she was tied up. It would be like Joffrey to want make someones death as painful and long as possible.
5187	zaphodbrx	2013-05-06	I have a question though. If Joffrey wanted to kill Ros, why didn't he do it in season 2 episode 2?
5188	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I have a question though. If Joffrey wanted to kill Ros, why didn't he do it in season 2 episode 2?Because abusing those girls was to get back at Tyrion. Killing Ros was presumably just about pleasure.
5189	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-06	Oh, I forgot about him. Although, he gets raised to a Lord, so I'm not sure he really counts either.True, but right now he can't even read so he's pretty low born compared to a lot of people around him.Overall, I wasn't really a fan of Ros. Nice caring girl but she felt unnecessary to me most of the time. However, the way she died was pretty horrible. If there was some mercy it'd be better. This is Joffrey we're talking about so that kind of death was expected in a way.
5190	Peptalk	2013-05-06	I was really shocked to see her hanging there with all those arrows in her. Imagine how horrible that death must have been. I do pity Ros.
5191	lannistergold	2013-05-06	I'm glad they finally did away with her, but they made it gruesome enough to make me feel guilty.This!
5192	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Well, based on the reactions from 4chan users, Joffrey is now their favourite hero in the show. Oh 4chan.....
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 06 May 2013 - 04:15 AM.
5193	victim	2013-05-06	I don't care what anyone else says about this or that, I was upset... Actually, more shocked than upset. I haven't been shocked by any events in this show since I read the books. It's nice to know D&D have a stroke of GRRM's genius inside of them.
5194	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-06	At first I actually thought Ros had been given to Lyn Corbray, who would be revealed as being 'Littlefinger's friend' later on, so I was surprised too.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 06 May 2013 - 04:28 AM.
5195	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	At first I actually thought Ros had been given to Lyn Corbray, who would be revealed as being 'Littlefinger's friend' later on, so I was surprised too.Isnt Lyn Corbray a pedophile though?
5196	dni	2013-05-06	Not a huge fan of Ros but I gotta say i'm a bit disappointed with her death. Its kind of a "adding insult to injury" type thing. First we had to deal with Ros for two seasons with her character not really serving any purpose. Then just as it seems like they're writing in a use for her she just ends up as Joff target practice. Maybe the actor had some real life opportunities come up suddenly? She did a decent job with the character even if the writer's couldn't really figure out what to do with her. Also, less nudity now with no Ros /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> ... actually I think this might of been the first episode this season with zero nudity... maybe all the prudes complaining in the states are finally getting to D&D... soon we'll be fading to black on gore scenes or something, imagines ned's final scene hah, or fade to black before Jamie gets his hand chopped off and he shows up next episode with a spiffy clean stump.
5197	Peptalk	2013-05-06	I don't care what anyone else says about this or that, I was upset... Actually, more shocked than upset. I haven't been shocked by any events in this show since I read the books. It's nice to know D&D have a stroke of GRRM's genius inside of them.Me neither, I mean, it's hard to surprise when your viewers know what will happen. I liked to get shocked again. I was shocked the first season as I hadn't read the books by then, but not since... hehe.
5198	Gronzag	2013-05-06	Im so glad she's gone.
5199	Ser Ennepe	2013-05-06	Isnt Lyn Corbray a pedophile though?Yeah, Lyn likes his boys young<U+0080> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
5200	rodrik Cassel	2013-05-06	when I realised she is dead I thought all the hardcore readers were like :http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PHQLQ1Rc_Js
5201	Alboin	2013-05-06	Of course not. She will come back as UnRos and will rule 7 Kingdoms to death. "you're working tonight, my subjects"
5202	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	I saw an absolutely brilliant theory on another forum that she will be revived by Thoros because they're actually brother and sister. Get it? Ros? ThoROS? It makes perfect sense!
5203	Volantis	2013-05-06	The character was really annoying anyway. Won't miss her.
5204	cuendillar	2013-05-06	I guess I should have seen that she was doomed once she joined with Varys, but I didn't. A eunuch visiting a brothel would be remarked, and given their internal rivalry Littlefinger would have gotten suspicious right away. I just hoped he would consider Ros more valuable as a money funnel to him in the Vale, as he had groomed her for such a role, than a security leak he had to eliminate when he could no longer keep her in check. Knowing Littlefinger, he probably had her questioned beforehand,just to make certain how much Varys had found out, or if there even was a connection between the two.
I still miss her though, her scenes got much better when she kept her clothes on.
5205	lanah	2013-05-06	Poor Ros. I have little to no respect for anyone who actively cheered when they saw that.Oh, good, not everybody hates her character as much as to actually cheer. Even if you wanted her out, cheering at that scene? Seriously? It was a brutal death.Honestly, I never loved or hated her. She was basically a tool to develop other characters, so I never expected much there. But that's what her death was used to as well. 
	Spoiler We have been watching Margaery basically tame Joffrey for the last episodes, so if the Tyrells just killed him anyways, it wouldn't make any sense. They had to clearly show that Joffrey's lunatic side cannot be contained that easily. And I'm guessing Littlefinger himself will make sure they hear about it, since he's the one who spreads the rumor that the boy is crazy in the books.
 So I get why they killed her, but it was still kind of a shock the way they did it.(By the way, I'm not calling the show misogynistic. Joffrey, though, yeah. People should understand a show is not misogynistic just because a character is)
					
					
							Edited by lanah, 06 May 2013 - 08:10 AM.
5206	Zar Lannister	2013-05-06	Maybe one of the Tyrells, since they've become such good friends.Loras, since he likes brooches and pins so much.
5207	Dracarya	2013-05-06	Loras, since he likes brooches and pins so much./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Ros.. Meh. I never liked her, I thought she was just a way of HBO filling their boob quota. She got better since she started working for Varys, but I wondered why Varys didn't consider the possibility of LF finding out. Neither man is stupid, at least in the books. I won't say I cheered at the way she died because I don't think that reaction is appropriate, but I do think being glad she's gone is fine. I couldn't see where they were going with her character, as replacing Ser Dontos would be impossible since she started working for Varys, so she had to go one way or another, and this way furthers Joffrey's sadism and plants the seed for naming Loras to the Kingsguard in Margaery's mind, as well as the PW.
5208	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-05-06	I am a book reader, I love the books, and I think that what the show did to Ros was not only shocking and saddening but also kind of crossed a line for me.
I personally liked Ros a lot, but even if you didn't, I hope you agree with the following.
In the books, important characters are treated with a certain amount of respect.  Usually not by other characters and certainly not by fate or circumstances, but by the narrative.  Random peasants have their own motivations and backstories.  Raving misogynists have their own rationale for why they act the way they do.  The reason we so often say that "there are no good guys and no bad guys" is because of this narrative respect for characters which allows them to be 3-dimensional.  
In that same vein, some characters who reach a certain critical mass of evil actions run into consequences down the road; I see this as narrative respect for their victims.  And important characters with a certain degree of goodness may die, but their deaths are handled in a respectful way.  That doesn't mean their deaths are clean or painless, but the way their deaths are told to us does have an artistry and classiness to it.  Ned dies in a horrible way, but the way its written about and filmed gives due attention.  I think the same can be said for Jory, Sansa's septa, the Old Bear, and many other characters that have died in the show.  
Not so much for Ros.  Sure, she's not in the book, but she is in the show quite a lot.  She's fairly developed as a character, and unless you just carry a lot of irrational rage against every character who isn't in the books, I think she's pretty sympathetic.
But she dies:
1) offscreen
2) after being tortured
3) at the hands of Joff
4) after already being abused by Lanisters previously
5) after Varys said he'd protect her
6) without him (Varys) having a clue that it was happening
I think the offscreen part is really the killer for me.  Did I particularly want to see more torture after the Theon bit?  Not really.  But I didn't want someone as important as Ros to be killed so horribly off screen.  I don't think that's respectful to her character.  It makes me really, really angry.  This actually makes me angrier than Talisa's presence, and that's saying a lot.  My interest level in the show just went down because if D&D can make a misstep that huge I'm terrified of what they'll do in the future.
I understand that characters die, violently, unfairly, in a lot of pain, all the time on the show.  That's not my problem.  In fact I think LF finding out Ros and disposing of her makes perfect narrative sense.  But I think it was handled atrociously, as if Ros was just some whore who didn't matter at all.
5209	lannistergold	2013-05-06	6) without him (Varys) having a clue that it was happeningBut doesn't this soften this blow? It's not like he sold her out consciously.
5210	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	I understand that characters die, violently, unfairly, in a lot of pain, all the time on the show.  That's not my problem.  In fact I think LF finding out Ros and disposing of her makes perfect narrative sense.  But I think it was handled atrociously, as if Ros was just some whore who didn't matter at all.I disagree. I found the moment quite powerful and depressing mostly because it was Ros there and not just "some whore who didn't matter at all". Ros was created as a character who could provide exposition on other characters. She served her purpose eerily well with her death.So are all the strict adherence to the books Nazis happy?No. Ros's death wasn't like that in the books! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5211	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-06	I thought it was fine. Her death wasn't played for a chance to spy her tits, it was played for drama and tragedy.
5212	The squid that squints	2013-05-06	I am a book reader, I love the books, and I think that what the show did to Ros was not only shocking and saddening but also kind of crossed a line for me.I understand that characters die, violently, unfairly, in a lot of pain, all the time on the show.  That's not my problem.  In fact I think LF finding out Ros and disposing of her makes perfect narrative sense.  But I think it was handled atrociously, as if Ros was just some whore who didn't matter at all.I do really get this they should at least have given her a line in the episode, like Littlefinger being all creepy nice " I have a special job for you tonight in the red keep" Ros being like "of course" but deep down being like pissed cos she doesn't want to be a prostitute anymore, just like 2 mins of fore-shadowing because it's like we all want to say goodbye but she is gone already
					
					
							Edited by 50 shades of Greyjoy, 06 May 2013 - 06:52 AM.
5213	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	She didn't die, she warged into Balerion the cat / warged into Joffrey / warged into the crossbow / is Syrio
5214	Penguin king	2013-05-06	His murder of Ned was not a murder?No more than Ned killing Gared was murder.Edit, or Will since this is the show forum.
					
					
							Edited by Penguin king, 06 May 2013 - 07:07 AM.
5215	BlackTalon	2013-05-06	Finally.
5216	Penguin king	2013-05-06	I understand that characters die, violently, unfairly, in a lot of pain, all the time on the show.  That's not my problem.  In fact I think LF finding out Ros and disposing of her makes perfect narrative sense.  But I think it was handled atrociously, as if Ros was just some whore who didn't matter at all.Well, to Littlefinger her life really didn't matter. The guy disposes of people who've outlived their usefullness at the drop of a hat.  The way he deals with 
	Spoiler  ser Dontos and Lysa 
 in the books is just as sudden, and just as shocking. Not as brutal maybe, but just as cruel.If we'd had some long drawnout scene where she says her goodbyes to the audience and takes her final bow, I think her death would have lacked a lot of the impact. The quick and casual way she's written out of the show mirrors the ease with which Littlefinger has her life ended.
5217	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-06	I always figured that Ros would die due to LF, but certainly not in this manner. That was a definite shock and I'm sad that she died that way.
5218	Ambria	2013-05-06	someone as important as RosAre we watching the same show?She was a nobody, completely expendable, even to someone like littlefinger, who is pretty expendable himself in the eyes of someone like Tywin lannisterIf it wasn't for all the fuss on the internet I don't think I would of even noticed that scene very much, it's just another death in the story of everybody dies.
5219	victim	2013-05-06	It may have been for the better if we had a scene where Littlefinger was clued in to her betrayal. Nothing big, just a small scene that suggests something horrible may be coming. This would have given the character a larger sendoff, and she's been around since the pilot so she deserved that much. That said, I think they were going for shock above all else in that moment, and a clue as to what's coming would have hindered that. I mean, my jaw dropped. It was pretty great television.
5220	Danelle	2013-05-06	I always figured that Ros would die due to LF, but certainly not in this manner. That was a definite shock and I'm sad that she died that way.I didn't like her character at all, especially in the first season, she was so unbelievably annoying. Not to mention that she was a poor replacement of Chataya and Alayaya. Not to mention the sexposition. On the other hand, her presence emphasized characters such as LF and Tyrion but it was a minor detail. Honestly I couldn't stand her but it was a shock and her death was sad...
5221	Dove	2013-05-06	/crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> Ros aaahhhhh holy shit /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
I was one of the dozen or so people here that liked her/didn't mind her so that was shocking as fuck. The pointless, casual brutality of it, goddamn. As if I needed more excuses to despise Jofferoo and Littlefinger.
Don't really have time to formulate my thoughts right now or to check a few pages back to see if it was discussed but I'm interested in people's thoughts about the male gaze of that scene and whether they felt it was appropriate as juxtaposition or just juvenile and gross. Actually that might be better for its own thread?
5222	Dracarya	2013-05-06	She didn't die, she warged into Balerion the cat / warged into Joffrey / warged into the crossbow / is Syrio/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> But of course! Any one of those options makes sense.I don't understand why people are complaining about the shock her death brought - isn't that a good thing? Isn't it good that we didn't see it coming, so that everyone, even us book readers, were surprised? I personally prefer the way they did it, I wouldn't have liked to see it happening and the message it sends - no one is safe, the lowborn may rise high but they are still nothing to the highborn, LF is as cruel and sadistic as Joffrey in giving Ros to him, and so he is one to watch.. and so on. Opinions differ, of course, but I personally can't complain about the way in which we were presented with her death.
5223	Er Rn	2013-05-06	<snip>I understand that characters die, violently, unfairly, in a lot of pain, all the time on the show.  That's not my problem.  In fact I think LF finding out Ros and disposing of her makes perfect narrative sense.  But I think it was handled atrociously, as if Ros was just some whore who didn't matter at all.But I think that's part of the tragedy of it. She tried to better herself, but in the end, she didn't matter at all. LF just viewed her as a bad investment.
5224	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I was actually totally shocked by that scene. When I saw Joffrey with his crossbow, I was expecting Littlefinger's monologue to accompany a montage of the main characters or something, which would have seemed pretty corny. When it panned over to a dead Ros, I actually got chills.
Great TV, like someone said.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 06 May 2013 - 07:42 AM.
5225	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Don't really have time to formulate my thoughts right now or to check a few pages back to see if it was discussed but I'm interested in people's thoughts about the male gaze of that scene and whether they felt it was appropriate as juxtaposition or just juvenile and gross. Actually that might be better for its own thread?I don't think anyone could convincingly argue that it was juvenile in a "lol dead whore" sort of way. To me, it was powerful and shocking, because I didn't dislike Ros. In fact, I was going to change my avatar to her before the RW! Sigh. I think the fact that very few have seen it that way more or less highlights how much people disliked her very inclusion, more than any real problem with the way the scene was handled.
5226	Dove	2013-05-06	I don't think anyone could convincingly argue that it was juvenile in a "lol dead whore" sort of way. To me, it was powerful and shocking, because I didn't dislike Ros. In fact, I was going to change my avatar to her before the RW! Sigh. I think the fact that very few have seen it that way more or less highlights how much people disliked her very inclusion, more than any real problem with the way the scene was handled.I agree, I thought it was incredibly powerful for the very reason that her last moments weren't shown. Ros didn't get a last hurrah, a last big scene, anything. She was literally an afterthought, an incredibly pointless death, just another random victim caught up in the game of thrones.After spending so much time with this character throughout the show and then her arc in this season, which implied that she was on her way "up", it was so effective, in a way, for her to meet such an anti-climatic end. I'm torn on the scene in general but I have to give it one thing, I think it hit me harder than anything else in the TV show so far in the shockingly bleak way it was staged and everything.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 06 May 2013 - 08:04 AM.
5227	victim	2013-05-06	Interesting note, but did anyone else get the opinion that Margaery (and subsequently Littlefinger) have been persuading Joffrey into becoming even more of a pshycopath? In episode 2, in the Marg/Joff scene with the crossbow, it seems like she's cluing him in to this act. I'm paraphrasing, but the whole "shoot here and watch something die there" line is directly related to this scene. Joffrey is doing what Margaery persuaded him to do, as in, become even more of a shithead.
5228	Roose Seal	2013-05-06	I didn't care much for Ros as a character but dang no one deserves to die like that. That whole scene, with the voice-over, the music and the montage, was very powerful TV, if a little over-the-top.
5229	Warg Arry	2013-05-06	Joffery's serial killer tendencies were strongly hinted at in the books in such a way that you get this kid is beyond redemption. He is broken in the head and dangerous. Add that he is stupid and impulsive. There you have a recipe for a very messy reign.
But the show gives the spoilt brat - kinda twisted - impression. I think the word Psycho (While it is definitely applicable) is a slight understatement.
Clearly Ros' death scene is multi layered and not least of which is that Joffery is acting upon his killing fantasies. *shudder*
As a hardcore book fanatic. Who has lost count of the times I have read and analysed the books. I wasn't a fan of Ros to start with.
But she wasn't at all a nothing character. She was the combination of at least 3 different book characters. She provided others with character development, - Even in her death scene. It was character development for Joffery.
I had also come to enjoy her as an unknown force. As much as I am in love with and obsessed with the books (Seriously it's a full on thing) I don't want an exact retelling of something I have been able to effectively envision myself every time I pick the books up.
Yes I want the story I love. But I also want to be surprised and engaged with a different style of story telling. 
Her death shook me. I found it to be powerful. Useful and incredibly sad.
I was interested to see what was going to be her role once LF left. She was the one thread I knew very little about in a tapestry I've know better than the back of my hand.
Well at least this will drive some interesting story moments.
5230	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	Spoiler I think Ros' death will serve as the final straw in hatching the Tyrell plot to kill Joffrey. Up until now, Margaery has appeared to have been able to manipulate and control Joffrey, but if she finds out about the brutal killing of Ros, that would be enough for her and Olenna to realise that the boy is beyond redemption, and just plain uncontrollable, thus leading them to conspire with Littlefinger. I wouldn't be surprised if it's later revealed that LF deliberately gave Ros to Joff in the hopes that it would alarm the Tyrells enough to the point where they might plot with Baelish to murder Joffrey.
5231	Necromancer	2013-05-06	BREAKING NEWS: Adam Friedberg has stepped down as creative consultant on Game of Thrones after the killing off of his beloved Ros.
					
					
							Edited by Necromancer, 06 May 2013 - 08:17 AM.
5232	mafalda	2013-05-06	Spoiler I think Ros' death will serve as the final straw in hatching the Tyrell plot to kill Joffrey. Up until now, Margaery has appeared to have been able to manipulate and control Joffrey, but if she finds out about the brutal killing of Ros, that would be enough for her and Olenna to realise that the boy is beyond redemption, and just plain uncontrollable, thus leading them to conspire with Littlefinger. I wouldn't be surprised if it's later revealed that LF deliberately gave Ros to Joff in the hopes that it would alarm the Tyrells enough to the point where they might plot with Baelish to murder Joffrey.
I like this theory. Another poster said that she thinks Margaery did it and was hiding in the room and I could not stop laughing at how stupid that was. It was probably the dumbest theory I've ever read on this forum.I don't like that they had joffrey do the killing though. From the books and show, he's never killed another person and I don't think he has the guts to do so. Sure, he's sadistic and evil and psychotic. But he gets other people to do the killing, like Ilyn Payne. I don't like Ros, but it sucks that of all people, she was killed by fucking punk ass I Scream Like A Little Bitch when My Uncle Slaps Me Joffrey.
5233	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Spoiler I think Ros' death will serve as the final straw in hatching the Tyrell plot to kill Joffrey. Up until now, Margaery has appeared to have been able to manipulate and control Joffrey, but if she finds out about the brutal killing of Ros, that would be enough for her and Olenna to realise that the boy is beyond redemption, and just plain uncontrollable, thus leading them to conspire with Littlefinger. I wouldn't be surprised if it's later revealed that LF deliberately gave Ros to Joff in the hopes that it would alarm the Tyrells enough to the point where they might plot with Baelish to murder Joffrey.
I had considered this too but couldn't articulate it. I certainly hope you're right, Pinkie.
5234	Dove	2013-05-06	During that slow pan I kept hoping to see Margaery walk in or something to give that scene some kind of point or context to the greater picture beyond reminding us "yep joffrey's psycho", but I like that better - Littlefinger leaking the info to the Tyrells just plays up his insidious, manipulative methods even more.Ros' fate does take Joffrey's character in a slightly different direction, though. In the books he was a voyeur, a coward at heart despite his sadistic tendencies. He favored ordering others to inflict pain for him. That was one of the things that differentiated him from Ramsay, actually. I guess it makes sense that since Joff is older in the show he would be bolder.
5235	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	IIRC, didn't Joffrey kill a few starving smallfolk when they came outside the Red Keep demanding food? So I don't think killing people personally is against his character. Plus, it's very plausible that a 17 or 18 year old Joffrey would resort to such levels of cruelty.
5236	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	I was surprised to see her killed like that. I was also happy to be surprised in the show and glad to be rid of Ros as a character.Logically, Ros should have known better. You don't typically sell out your boss to his enemies and live to tell about it. That's common sense, plus Ros was specifically warned by Shae just a few episodes to watch out for Littlefinger with regard to Sansa. Then Ros goes ahead and spills the beans on his plans to spirit Sansa away. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Ros was also specifically warned by Littlefinger last season not to cross him, in a scene where he tells of another prostitute he sold into brutal slaver. He already made the point that crossing him will cost you your life. Yet Ros goes ahead and sells him out to his rival Varys, who has just made clear that he is trying to disrupt Littlefinger's plans.
5237	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	IIRC, didn't Joffrey kill a few starving smallfolk when they came outside the Red Keep demanding food? So I don't think killing people personally is against his character. Plus, it's very plausible that a 17 or 18 year old Joffrey would resort to such levels of cruelty.Yes, he certainly did. It's perfectly in line with Joffrey's personality to inflict harm on people as long as he's safe himself, which he would be when he shoots a crossbow at a tied up woman.
5238	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	During that slow pan I kept hoping to see Margaery walk in or something to give that scene some kind of point or context to the greater picture beyond reminding us "yep joffrey's psycho", but I like that better - Littlefinger leaking the info to the Tyrells just plays up his insidious, manipulative methods even more.Ros' fate does take Joffrey's character in a slightly different direction, though. In the books he was a voyeur, a coward at heart despite his sadistic tendencies. He favored ordering others to inflict pain for him. That was one of the things that differentiated him from Ramsay, actually. I guess it makes sense that since Joff is older in the show he would be bolder.Joffrey, when younger, cut open a live pregnant cat. Robert found out and beat him bloody. He's gotten his hands dirty before.
5239	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	I was surprised to see her killed like that. I was also happy to be surprised in the show and glad to be rid of Ros as a character.Logically, Ros should have known better. You don't typically sell out your boss to his enemies and live to tell about it. That's common sense, plus Ros was specifically warned by Shae just a few episodes to watch out for Littlefinger with regard to Sansa. Then Ros goes ahead and spills the beans on his plans to spirit Sansa away. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Ros was also specifically warned by Littlefinger last season not to cross him, in a scene where he tells of another prostitute he sold into brutal slaver. He already made the point that crossing him will cost you your life. Yet Ros goes ahead and sells him out to his rival Varys, who has just made clear that he is trying to disrupt Littlefinger's plans.Yes, Ros was threatened by Littlefinger before, which is a great reason to try to get out. Who in their right minds would want to stick around when some other powerful man comes and offers you a way out? Of course it was risky but what isn't in this story? Far too many readers/viewers seem to expect characters to behave as logically as someone that sits on the sidelines and seeing the whole story, and that's what's illogical to me. People make mistakes and I'm sure other people could look at our own lives and find parts where we've acted stupidly, due to emotion, lack of information or other things. There's also plenty of cases where people have taken great risks and reaped great rewards.Edit: And it's Ros that warns Shae, not the other way around.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 May 2013 - 08:59 AM.
5240	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Logically, Ros should have known better. You don't typically sell out your boss to his enemies and live to tell about it. That's common sense, plus Ros was specifically warned by Shae just a few episodes to watch out for Littlefinger with regard to Sansa. Then Ros goes ahead and spills the beans on his plans to spirit Sansa away. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Ros was also specifically warned by Littlefinger last season not to cross him, in a scene where he tells of another prostitute he sold into brutal slaver. He already made the point that crossing him will cost you your life. Yet Ros goes ahead and sells him out to his rival Varys, who has just made clear that he is trying to disrupt Littlefinger's plans.Ros wasn't warned by Shae, Ros warned Shae. Ros realised what an evil fucker Littlefinger was and joined Varys' attempts to undermine him. I'm probably exaggerating, but in some respects, she died a hero's death. She was brave enough to betray the man who threatened her, in order, really, to protect Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 06 May 2013 - 08:44 AM.
5241	Antonious Stark	2013-05-06	I was somewhat surprised to see her axed without even getting a line of dialog in her exit episode. Love her or hate her, she's been a primary supporting character on the show for three seasons. It was weird to see her death treated as an afterthought.Really shows the bigger players in the game and how expendable their pawns are.
5242	Sun and Moon	2013-05-06	I didn't much mind Ros. I never felt that she sucked up too much scene time, as generally speaking, there were other more prevalent characters in scenes along with her.
Is it me, or was Aidan Quinn's performance in this ep a little more in keeping with the feeling we get from him in the books?
After the patchy performances, and incredibly irritating tone of voice in recent eps, I actually enjoyed his scene with Varys. First one in a while that hasn't had me cringing and wishing the scene was over already.
If Ros' harsh demise got Aidan's head in the right place, I'd be happy give her death the thumbs up. Makes me feel like a bit of a sicko to say it, but I thought she looked very beautiful in death.
Edit: Due to clumsy fingers.
					
					
							Edited by Sun and Moon, 06 May 2013 - 08:47 AM.
5243	Dove	2013-05-06	Oh, I must have forgotten about him killing the smallfolk. Point taken, then, this isn't actually that big of a jump, really, especially if Ros was even bound up beforehand. The cowardly essence remains, he's just taken it a step farther.
jesus christ joffrey arghhg
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 06 May 2013 - 08:49 AM.
5244	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Makes me feel like a bit of a sicko to say it, but I thought she looked very beautiful in death.They roughed her up a bit, but ultimately she needed to be recognisable and it's hard to make an attractive person unattractive without making them unrecognisable.Oh, I must have forgotten about him killing the smallfolk. Point taken, then, this isn't actually that big of a jump, really, especially if Ros was even bound up beforehand. The cowardly essence remains, he's just taken it a step farther.jesus christ joffrey arghhgI was really enjoying Joffrey this season. Obviously Jack Gleeson is just an absurdly talented actor but he is just a fun character to watch. Like reading Cersei in Feast. Despise Cersei the entire time but remain utterly hooked. But now I just want the fucker dead.
5245	lanah	2013-05-06	During that slow pan I kept hoping to see Margaery walk in or something to give that scene some kind of point or context to the greater picture beyond reminding us "yep joffrey's psycho", but I like that better - Littlefinger leaking the info to the Tyrells just plays up his insidious, manipulative methods even more.Ros' fate does take Joffrey's character in a slightly different direction, though. In the books he was a voyeur, a coward at heart despite his sadistic tendencies. He favored ordering others to inflict pain for him. That was one of the things that differentiated him from Ramsay, actually. I guess it makes sense that since Joff is older in the show he would be bolder.I actually think it was very Joffrey-like. Yes, he is a coward and usually has others do his killing, but against someone completely defenseless, he could let his inner psycho free...
					
					
							Edited by lanah, 06 May 2013 - 09:02 AM.
5246	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	Yes, Ros was threatened by Littlefinger before, which is a great reason to try to get out. Who in their right minds would want to stick around when some other powerful man comes and offers you a way out? Of course it was risky but what isn't in this story? Far too many readers/viewers seem to expect characters to behave as logically as someone that sits on the sidelines and seeing the whole story, and that's what's illogical to me. People make mistakes and I'm sure other people could look at our own lives and find parts where we've acted stupidly, due to emotion, lack of information or other things. There's also plenty of cases where people have taken great risks and reaped great rewards.If Ros wanted to get out, she should have done so. She didn't seem to be doing anything to get out of her situation. She just let slip some intelligence in betrayal of her boss. A boss who has a lot of clout, runs a criminal empire, and has warned her specifically not to betray him.Remember also that Ros went all the way down to Kings Landing specifically to make money and elevate her status. She succeeds wonderfully in this account. She is elevated far above her starting point as a simple prostitute to a manager and bookkeeper. It seems to me that she just didnt respect or fear her boss enough in the long run.Other characters make critical mistakes too and end up dead. I'm just curious whether people have more sympathy for Ros simply because she is a woman. Her mistake is just as dumb as Robb's or Ned's.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 06 May 2013 - 09:02 AM.
5247	Birdsong65	2013-05-06	I thought the scene was important if only to suggest that while Cercei thinks that Joffrey is controllable now that Tywin is The Hand, as she told Tyrion, it would seem that no one controls Joffrey in the end.  Granted Roz is no Tyrion, but the idea that Tywin being in town will somehow dampen Joffrey's baser urges is clearly not happening.  As that is the case, it allows a more open field of players who reason out the necessity of regicide beyond Tyrion, as the obvious choice.
I'm grasping....
5248	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	You're exaggerating dramatically. Ros wasn't part of some greater scheme to save the realm from Littlefinger. She made a stupid mistake by offering up some information that she didn't think was too important. And she didnt think that her boss would find out and hold her accountable. She understimated the value of her info, and she underestimated Littefinger's reaction, and paid the price for it.I don't see anyone in the realm ever regarding Ros as a hero for her role in the conflict. She was just a pawn that made some mistakes. I don't remember her protectingNot to save the realm, to save Sansa. She warned Shae about Littlefinger. She supplied information to Varys to stop Littlefinger kidnapping Sansa.We have no way of guessing whether Ros's actions were selfish or selfless, but there is evidence, slight though it is, to suggest that Ros had an interest in protecting Sansa. She told the story about growing up outside Winterfell and about the bells ringing for her birth. And we know that Ros's few appearances this season were all related to Varys's attempt at protecting Sansa from Littlefinger.I reckon the idea of Ros dying the death of an anonymous hero holds. She betrayed the man who had threatened her and who she was afraid of because she knew he was an evil cunt, and she will never be rewarded or remembered for it because she was "just a whore". To me, this is sad and powerful.
5249	Fragile Bird	2013-05-06	I thought the scene was important if only to suggest that while Cercei thinks that Joffrey is controllable now that Tywin is The Hand, as she told Tyrion, it would seem that no one controls Joffrey in the end.  Granted Roz is no Tyrion, but the idea that Tywin being in town will somehow dampen Joffrey's baser urges is clearly not happening.  As that is the case, it allows a more open field of players who reason out the necessity of regicide beyond Tyrion, as the obvious choice.I'm grasping....No grasping there, that was an excellent observation.  Joffrey is uncontrollable, by anyone.  But far more important, he can be manipulated.  That's a very good reason for regicide.
5250	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	If Ros wanted to get out, she should have done so. She didn't seem to be doing anything to get out of her situation. She just let slip some intelligence in betrayal of her boss. A boss who has a lot of clout, runs a criminal empire, and has warned her specifically not to betray him.Remember also that Ros went all the way down to Kings Landing specifically to make money and elevate her status. She succeeds wonderfully in this account. She is elevated far above her starting point as a simple prostitute to a manager and bookkeeper. It seems to me that she just didnt respect or fear her boss enough in the long run.Other characters make critical mistakes too and end up dead. I'm just curious whether people have more sympathy for Ros simply because she is a woman. Her mistake is just as dumb as Robb's or Ned's.Being dependent on Littlefinger and being dependent on Varys are two different things, at least as far as she's seen. I didn't mean that she wanted out as get away from Littlefinger at any cost, she wanted to get out while climbing. Betraying someone isn't a mistake in itself, it's getting caught that's the mistake. Therefor I can't agree that it's stupid to betray Littlefinger in itself and she expected to be protected by Varys, who is a bigger fish in the information business than Littlefinger is. It's not exactly like Ros would be the first person to spy on her employer for someone else.And as I forgot to mention the last time, it was Ros that warned Shae about Littlefinger, not the other way around. And your statement in another post where you say that Ros didn't think that the information was too important is very weird for me. Why would she betray Littlefinger with some minor thing when things would go bad no matter what? That makes no sense at all. It makes little sense that Varys was out to find unimportant information as well. No, Ros clearly knew what she was doing and her warning Shae is another step in showing that she realizes that Littlefinger tried to get Sansa and she's in on Varys' attempts of foiling that.And no, her mistake isn't nearly as naive as Eddard's or Robb's. She failed because she didn't manage to get away with something, she didn't fail because she thought that people can be trusted due to honor. She also didn't fail through breaking a deal openly and hope that nothing happens. Her being a woman has nothing to do with it.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 May 2013 - 09:19 AM.
5251	DemiNymph	2013-05-06	I'm so glad they killed her off. Useless character taking up screen time for 3 seasons.
5252	Kaitscralt	2013-05-06	I can't believe people are saying Ros should have been too smart for this, after everyone was complaining that Ros shouldn't have been smart enough to get into her position. She was out of her league and she died for it.
Impossible to please people.
5253	Warhawk137	2013-05-06	She's not the first character with aspirations of upward mobility who overplayed their hand.  See, e.g., Janos Slynt.
And of course if they decide to follow the books on that point (I don't think they will, since he's been gone a rather long time, but you never know), Slynt will manage to make that mistake twice, and his second fall from the ladder is a bit more permanent.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 06 May 2013 - 09:27 AM.
5254	Dove	2013-05-06	I can't believe people are saying Ros should have been too smart for this, after everyone was complaining that Ros shouldn't have been smart enough to get into her position. She was out of her league and she died for it.Impossible to please people.Hahaha, I can see that. If she had managed to escape this situation I'm sure a lot of people would be going "MARY SUE" instead. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Poor 'ol Ros can't win with people, even in death.
5255	Tywin's bastard	2013-05-06	I'm so glad they killed her off. Useless character taking up screen time for 3 seasons.This is always baffling for me. Ros has always been about the characters from the books, to get a red line between scenes that are all about establishing information about characters that are mainly described in thought or other context that doesn't work well on screen. I can't for the life of me get why that would be useless. OK if someone doesn't like the way it was done, but that's a completely different argument.
5256	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Has it been said how horrible her death must have been for her? He probably toyed with her for a bit and watched fear him. Can you picture being tied there with this maniac staring you down with a crossbow? Horrifying. And if he didn't get her with the first quarrel, the screams may have been horrible. Maybe Margaery was walking past his room on her way to visit him and she heard everything and that's why the Tyrells plot to kill him. You would just have to open next episode with him cleaning things up and her knocking on the door. And subtly let on that she's disgusted, even though she's stroking his ego. Then show her telling Olenna what she heard
5257	Moseh Khayim	2013-05-06	Im actually a little sad. Probably the most sadistic thing Ive seen in the show, this far.
5258	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	Her death was gratuitous and unnecessarily sexualised.
5259	teemo	2013-05-06	I noted at the very beginning that there were no nudity warnings, so I was pretty sure that Ros' death wasn't going to be crazy sexualized.  I am sooooooo glad she is gone.  Esme Bianco wasn't a bad actress (I think she's much better than Sibel Kikelli [Shae], for example) and too bad she couldn't play a different role.  I think she has a pretty good ASOIAF look to her.  But the character was out of control.  From lazy plot device to the only whore in Westeros to being Littlefinger's hand...also, D&D have said that Dontos is coming back, so it's not shocking, really.
5260	Winterfellian	2013-05-06	Her death was gratuitous and unnecessarily sexualised.Well the unnecessary sexuality was Ros' main job in the show, so in a way it makes sense for her to go that way. But even so, the "events" leading to her death were cheap from beginning to end, pretty much like this episode.
5261	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-06	Im actually a little sad. Probably the most sadistic thing Ive seen in the show, this far.Theon's torture is far more sadistic. Only, as book readers, we expected it.Ros's death comes out of the blue, it's far more shocking in that sense... but Theon has it worst.
5262	Dove	2013-05-06	Her death was gratuitous and unnecessarily sexualised.Have you considered making a topic/more thorough post on this topic in particular? This is something that I'm quite interested to hear others' thoughts on because I'm very conflicted about it  - it wasn't the, er, 'placement' of one of the crossbow quarrels that got me because that's perfectly in-line with Joffrey's characterization but the way her body was *posed* that made me see a lot of unnecessary male gaze in the staging of that scene. I'm not sure if it was intentional on the show's part, a juxtaposition to make her death even more uncomfortable and visceral, or if it was just juvenile and gratuitous.
5263	teemo	2013-05-06	Have you considered making a topic/more thorough post on this topic in particular? This is something that I'm quite interested to hear others' thoughts on because I'm very conflicted about it  - it wasn't the, er, 'placement' of one of the crossbow quarrels that got me because that's perfectly in-line with Joffrey's characterization but the way her body was *posed* that made me see a lot of unnecessary male gaze in the staging of that scene. I'm not sure if it was intentional on the show's part, a juxtaposition to make her death even more uncomfortable and visceral, or if it was just juvenile and gratuitous.Someone in my class said, "That scene was hot! How she's posed all sexy like that even after she's dead."
5264	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I thought the positioning of her body made sense given that she was probably kicking and screaming before she died. Joffrey could have tied her up some other way, but what other way would give him easiest access to vital organs?
5265	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	Someone in my class said, "That scene was hot! How she's posed all sexy like that even after she's dead." /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
5266	Woman of War	2013-05-06	This should be an Esm&eacute; Bianco appreciation thread!
I like the actress, she is very beautiful with her fine skin. And I liked the way she played her character. And if nudity is gratitious then so is killing and finger-flaying.
5267	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-06	Someone in my class said, "That scene was hot! How she's posed all sexy like that even after she's dead."Irony, surely?
5268	TheEvilKing	2013-05-06	Irony, surely?More importantly, in what class do you get to watch Game of Thrones?
5269	teemo	2013-05-06	Irony, surely?no :\ i didn't quote it word for word...more like, "yeah she's fuckin' hot...even when she's dead she looks hot like that..i'd fuck her like that..." yeah, not my friend, classmate, lol. we don't WATCH GoT in class. I know a bunch of people in class that watch it though and love to talk about it.
5270	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	It reads clear to me that Joff gets off on abusing women. This was the next step for him after having the girls Tyrion sent beat each other. He had the crossbow then too and later with Marg. I'm not sure what makes it unnecessarily sexualized, unless one can define what necessary sexualization might mean.
I also cannot see how this can possibly be worse than Ramsay in this episode.
5271	Prince of the North	2013-05-06	Joffery's serial killer tendencies were strongly hinted at in the books in such a way that you get this kid is beyond redemption. He is broken in the head and dangerous. Add that he is stupid and impulsive. There you have a recipe for a very messy reign.But the show gives the spoilt brat - kinda twisted - impression. I think the word Psycho (While it is definitely applicable) is a slight understatement.Clearly Ros' death scene is multi layered and not least of which is that Joffery is acting upon his killing fantasies. *shudder*As a hardcore book fanatic. Who has lost count of the times I have read and analysed the books. I wasn't a fan of Ros to start with.But she wasn't at all a nothing character. She was the combination of at least 3 different book characters. She provided others with character development, - Even in her death scene. It was character development for Joffery.I had also come to enjoy her as an unknown force. As much as I am in love with and obsessed with the books (Seriously it's a full on thing) I don't want an exact retelling of something I have been able to effectively envision myself every time I pick the books up.Yes I want the story I love. But I also want to be surprised and engaged with a different style of story telling.Her death shook me. I found it to be powerful. Useful and incredibly sad.I was interested to see what was going to be her role once LF left. She was the one thread I knew very little about in a tapestry I've know better than the back of my hand.Well at least this will drive some interesting story moments.This is basically how I feel.  For me, the show is not the books.  I have no problem separating them and enjoying both.  I felt like this was a great way to show that Joff's sadism is escalating, show us a bit more about Littlefinger, and set up why the Tyrells would realize that there's no way Margaery could marry that monster.  Not to mention that it also shows us more about the nature of "game of thrones" in general and reduces the cast in a series which will always have a problem with the sheer number of characters.  In the game of thrones you win or you die, indeed /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
5272	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	no :\ i didn't quote it word for word...more like, "yeah she's fuckin' hot...even when she's dead she looks hot like that..i'd fuck her like that..." yeah, not my friend, classmate, lol. we don't WATCH GoT in class. I know a bunch of people in class that watch it though and love to talk about it.Pretty sick. But lets not forget the cadre of posters here that find Ramsay devilishly cute or the strange sexual subtext some have on here when discussing him.
5273	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	This should be an Esm&eacute; Bianco appreciation thread!I like the actress, she is very beautiful with her fine skin. And I liked the way she played her character. And if nudity is gratitious then so is killing and finger-flaying. 1) I have been very vocal in my complaints about the gratutious torture of Theon.2) Theon's scenes have not been over-sexualised. Well the unnecessary sexuality was Ros' main job in the show, so in a way it makes sense for her to go that way. But even so, the "events" leading to her death were cheap from beginning to end, pretty much like this episode. Yes, she was designed simply for sexposition which is problematic in itself. But that doesn't mean her death needed to be sexualised.
5274	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-06	Poor Ros, but there was never going to be a happy ending for her..
5275	TheEvilKing	2013-05-06	This is basically how I feel.  For me, the show is not the books.  I have no problem separating them and enjoying both.  I felt like this was a great way to show that Joff's sadism is escalating, show us a bit more about Littlefinger, and set up why the Tyrells would realize that there's no way Margaery could marry that monster.  Not to mention that it also shows us more about the nature of "game of thrones" in general and reduces the cast in a series which will always have a problem with the sheer number of characters.  In the game of thrones you win or you die, indeed /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Agreed. It was a great little scene which serves multiple purposes. I'll also note that it was Joffrey's first kill with his own hands, which shows that his monstrousness is escalating.I think it'll lead to Tywin's discussion with Joff, which in turn will lead to Joffrey making Loras a Kingsguard just to spite his grandfather.
5276	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	It reads clear to me that Joff gets off on abusing women. This was the next step for him after having the girls Tyrion sent beat each other. He had the crossbow then too and later with Marg. I'm not sure what makes it unnecessarily sexualized, unless one can define what necessary sexualization might mean.I also cannot see how this can possibly be worse than Ramsay in this episode.I don't think it's anything to do with women, so much as Joffrey just likes to assert absolute authority over everyone. He does it to both men and women. The butcher's boy and Tyrion being examples of men he's pushed around. It looked like he was going to personally kill Mishka the butcher's boy until Arya intervened. Poor Ros simply didn't have anyone around to help her out.
5277	Dove	2013-05-06	Pretty sick. But lets not forget the cadre of posters here that find Ramsay devilishly cute or the strange sexual subtext some have on here when discussing him.Yeah, honestly, as gross as schala's classmate sounds I can't even muster up any surprise after seeing some of the posts on this forum alone about such things - and that kind of thing is moderated here, so just imagine the internet at large.I guess at this point I'm just kind of relieved and pleasantly surprised this thread isn't pages and pages of hateful bile directed towards a victimized character. Take solace in the little things, haha. (then again I haven't read the first ten pages of this thread so maybe it is?? IDK)
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 06 May 2013 - 10:28 AM.
5278	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	1) I have been very vocal in my complaints about the gratutious torture of Theon.2) Theon's scenes have not been over-sexualised.I'm with you thereYes, she was designed simply for sexposition which is problematic in itself. But that doesn't mean her death needed to be sexualised.Yeah but if you are selling her to Joff, then I disagree. That's been his growing MO.
5279	Khal Vader	2013-05-06	I for one will miss Ros. Though not a book character, I thought she was very well done. But alas, she was quite expendable.
5280	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	As far as killing her goes, regardless of the method, I think they are setting it up so that it turns out that Margaery wasn't as good at manipulating him as we thought. From Joffrey's perspective he probably saw that people love him and that they admire his ruthlessness and sadism. Rather than neutering him, it is reinforcing the idea he has that he can do anything he wants, so he's going to indulge himself even more.
5281	teemo	2013-05-06	my significant other said when we saw the dead body, "who is that???" lol...guess she didn't leave the biggest impression on everyone...
5282	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	I don't think it's anything to do with women, so much as Joffrey just likes to assert absolute authority over everyone. He does it to both men and women. The butcher's boy and Tyrion being examples of men he's pushed around. It looked like he was going to personally kill Mishka the butcher's boy until Arya intervened. Poor Ros simply didn't have anyone around to help her out.Yes, all true, but I think Joff is basically unable to have sex (normally). But he is still human and has sexual urges that have to come out some way. IMHO, the two scenes with Ros were his way of sex. I'm also betting he was aroused when talking with Marg.
5283	Abaddon	2013-05-06	Some really good commentary here, mixed in with the usual pathetic whining and bitching.  (And no PatrickStormborn although I don't completely agree with you I am not lumping you in as whining and bitching, but with the good commentary).
I had grown to be quite fond of Ros, actually, and was pretty devastated by the scene.  Shocking and brutal.  Very effective in showing that the "kinder and gentler" Joffrey Margary has been striving to create has in fact pointed him more directly at his latent misogyny and sadism (not that it wasn't going to happen anyway).  I think the sexualization was absolutely consistent with Joffrey's warped character.  And I agree that this is clearly a huge part of the turning point in the Tyrell/Lannister alliance as embodied by the engagement of Margary to Joffrey.
I agree that the Joffrey we are seeing here is more developed in his agency but, as others have mentioned upthread, it makes sense since he is older.  I think D&D have been very consistent in giving some of what was done at Cersei's hand in the books to Joffrey and I understand and think it is cohesive and thoughtfully done.
I thought it was also a very humanizing moment for Varys.
5284	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-05-06	That was ridiculous to begin with. A 25 yr old woman can't pretend she's 14. Would have been hilarious to see them try it though /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
5285	Zarkovich	2013-05-06	D&D plainly were a bit worried that the viewers would think that maybe Joff is becoming soft. That one scene sure took care of that. 
But I absolutely love the LF-Varys scenes. The chaos ladder dialogue just took the cake.
5286	King Tyrion I	2013-05-06	It reads clear to me that Joff gets off on abusing women. This was the next step for him after having the girls Tyrion sent beat each other. He had the crossbow then too and later with Marg. I'm not sure what makes it unnecessarily sexualized, unless one can define what necessary sexualization might mean.I also cannot see how this can possibly be worse than Ramsay in this episode.Both scenes add to the horror.Ros' death adds to Joffrey's sadism.
5287	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	Yes, all true, but I think Joff is basically unable to have sex (normally). But he is still human and has sexual urges that have to come out some way. IMHO, the two scenes with Ros were his way of sex. I'm also betting he was aroused when talking with Marg.That's a huge jump of conjecture. The only thing I'm aware of supporting that theory even in the slightes is when Joffrey beat Tyrions whores instead of having sex with them.Joffrey NOT wanting to have sex with prostitutes could easily be a lesson learned from him mother, who hated Roberts womanizing. Or from his grandfather, who clearly thinks whores are ignoble. Or it could simply have been a matter of Joffrey preferring to dominate Tyrion by abusing his 'gift' of whores, rather than be sucked in and owe anything to his uncle. Joffrey could easily be paranoid, whether of a gift from Tyrion or not, and simply not want to catch a disease. To be honest, NOT having sex with random whores is probably one of the smartest things that Joffrey has done in the show.I would hope that people don't automatically assume that any time a man chooses not to have sex automatically means that he has to be gay or impotent. And on top of things, that man has to be murderously crazy because he's impotent. Reverse that situation and make Joffrey a woman, who's frigid and/or uninterested in sex, and therefore she wants to dominate and murder all the men around here and see how fair that assumption seems.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 06 May 2013 - 10:56 AM.
5288	swoosh stark	2013-05-06	i guess margary had no effect, LOL.
5289	Ed Gray	2013-05-06	self important book purists then: ros wasn't in the books, waaaaaaah. kill her! kill her!self important book purists now: how dare they kill her in a way I don't approve!
5290	Greywolf2375	2013-05-06	1) I have been very vocal in my complaints about the gratutious torture of Theon.2) Theon's scenes have not been over-sexualised.Yes, she was designed simply for sexposition which is problematic in itself. But that doesn't mean her death needed to be sexualised.Considering she was probably sent there as a prostitute, not as a liaison, it makes sense that - even after what she saw him do before - she would be dressed for work.   Her being tied up?  Well, people do that.  I don't see her death as sexualized as much as her being portrayed in character.I definitely won't miss the character.  Yes, they used her character to tie threads together, but as we have seen in other areas of the show that could be done with existing characters or with dialogue from one person covering over a character being absent.
5291	Greywolf2375	2013-05-06	self important book purists then: ros wasn't in the books, waaaaaaah. kill her! kill her!self important book purists now: how dare they kill her in a way I don't approve!Do you actually have any thoughts on the scene or was your entire point to make a highhanded statement about what other people are saying?Jesus, if someone likes something or dislikes something because it is the same/different/adjusted/removed/never existed from the book perspective - let them.  I think more posts have been made about what other people thought because of a book division than about the actual content of the show.
5292	oakenhelm	2013-05-06	That's a huge jump of conjecture. The only thing I'm aware of supporting that theory even in the slightes is when Joffrey beat Tyrions whores instead of having sex with them.Joffrey NOT wanting to have sex with prostitutes could easily be a lesson learned from him mother, who hated Roberts womanizing. Or from his grandfather, who clearly thinks whores are ignoble. Or it could simply have been a matter of Joffrey preferring to dominate Tyrion by abusing his 'gift' of whores, rather than be sucked in and owe anything to his uncle. Joffrey could easily be paranoid, whether of a gift from Tyrion or not, and simply not want to catch a disease. To be honest, NOT having sex with random whores is probably one of the smartest things that Joffrey has done in the show.I would hope that people don't automatically assume that any time a man chooses not to have sex automatically means that he has to be gay or impotent. And on top of things, that man has to be murderously crazy because he's impotent. Reverse that situation and make Joffrey a woman, who's frigid and/or uninterested in sex, and therefore she wants to dominate and murder all the men around here and see how fair that assumption seems.Of course. I was giving my take, not stating my opinion as fact. I could be way off. That's just how I read it.I wasn't suggesting homosexuality or impotence or disinterest. Most men will get in a bed with a woman for gratification. He prefers violence.
5293	Peptalk	2013-05-06	Considering she was probably sent there as a prostitute, not as a liaison, it makes sense that - even after what she saw him do before - she would be dressed for work.   Her being tied up?  Well, people do that.  I don't see her death as sexualized as much as her being portrayed in character.This.
5294	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	self important book purists then: ros wasn't in the books, waaaaaaah. kill her! kill her!self important book purists now: how dare they kill her in a way I don't approve!/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Pretty much.
5295	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	That was ridiculous to begin with. A 25 yr old woman can't pretend she's 14.Cough* Emilia Clarke Cough* Daenerys TargaryenOn topic.I am not sad she is gone. I did expect her demise to be in the fallout from Sansa's escape. At least here she served a great purpose1) Demonstrated that Joffrey is an even worse monster and threat as he gets older.2) Demonstrated Baelish is a menace to be reckoned with3) Demonstrated the force of Baelish's monologue about climbing the ladder and the fall.4) Was a suitable surprise for all viewers. Perhaps it was the showrunners saying "GRRM kills characters once people start to like them, we can do it too"As for 'sexualised'. She was doing he job and actually wearing far more than she usually did. Interesting that the claims of sexism and misogyny that have been bandied around about this scene have not been matched by similar claims about Arya shooting straw-Joffrey in the head, breast and balls. A clear indication of the hypocracy  of the position's exponents.----I am sad for Esme Blanco. They finally started to give her character some potential worth this season, but after one job she gets the chop.
5296	mafalda	2013-05-06	I noted at the very beginning that there were no nudity warnings, so I was pretty sure that Ros' death wasn't going to be crazy sexualized.  I am sooooooo glad she is gone.  Esme Bianco wasn't a bad actress (I think she's much better than Sibel Kikelli [Shae], for example) and too bad she couldn't play a different role.  I think she has a pretty good ASOIAF look to her.  But the character was out of control.  From lazy plot device to the only whore in Westeros to being Littlefinger's hand...also, D&D have said that Dontos is coming back, so it's not shocking, really.She's gorgeous, isn't she (and a talented actress)? But she didn't really serve much of a purpose after S1 where she gave us some insight to Theon and Pycelle while managing to be eye candy. She just got too much screen time, I feel because of her looks. Like when they had Doreah live throughout S2, I feel it was because she was pretty. When they revealed that she can read, and is the whore who can do anything, I said it was time for her to go.RIP, Ros. I'll never forget that scene of you walking around in just a belt (wow!), but I'm glad you're gone!self important book purists then: ros wasn't in the books, waaaaaaah. kill her! kill her!self important book purists now: how dare they kill her in a way I don't approve!Lol, you know what, I'm not even gonna try to deny that, that's exactly how I feel. At least I'll admit it!
5297	teemo	2013-05-06	It's interesting how many people who HATED her are suddenly sad to see her gone...this is a lot like DeadWoman (don't want to post spoiler?) from The Walking Dead.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 12:52 PM.
5298	AliKat	2013-05-06	I wasn't happy about her death but I think people only took it to be a sign of how sadistic Joffrey is. But that wasn't why she died. Joff wanted to try something new for entertainment. It was Littlefinger that sent Ros - knowing what would happen. He did it to say to Varys that a) I'm playing the game better than you, b.) I know when I'm being betrayed, and c.) people who betray me will die.Her manner of death was too much IMO. The fact that they're already showing us an extreme amount of torture to Theon - this is just an gratituous amount of violence.I understand its HBO and they can get away with it. I understand that GRRM had a lot in the books. But a lot of his was behind the scenes or telling us about it after the fact (like Theon's). When its in living color, HBO needs to tone it down a bit. From the cutting the nipple off the Unsullied guy to Ros' death - its overkill. And yay - we get more Theon torture next episode. I can't stand his character but I don't want to watch his torture. The characterizations of the non-tortured ones and their storylines are suffering because D&D are going for the shock factor. We get it Ramsey and Joffrey are evil and sadistic. We don't need to see so much.
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 06 May 2013 - 12:56 PM.
5299	protar	2013-05-06	Maybe it was stockholm syndrome but towards the end I was rather fond of Ros. I think after Talisa was introduced and Shae started to get really annoying she became a lot more tolerable. It was a great scene, but I kind of feel like switching to Dontos now will be a bit weird and messy.
5300	teemo	2013-05-06	Maybe it was stockholm syndrome but towards the end I was rather fond of Ros. I think after Talisa was introduced and Shae started to get really annoying she became a lot more tolerable. It was a great scene, but I kind of feel like switching to Dontos now will be a bit weird and messy.I think the horror of Shae and Talisa made everyone else more likable..plus Ros had what, 1 minute of screentime this season?
5301	Rhaenys Sand	2013-05-06	Wait now D&D will have to find another whore in Westeros cine Ros pretty much was the only one in the show... All in all I'm glad to see her go, but I do feel bad for her and it does show the interesting aspect where whores are disposbal to most gameplayers!
5302	Joyful Union	2013-05-06	[size=4]I think the horror of Shae and Talisa made everyone else more likable..plus Ros had what, 1 minute of screentime this season?I think in your screentime thread for last episode she had 1:50 time. Btw, I'd be really grateful if you could do that again.
5303	Sun	2013-05-06	self important book purists then: ros wasn't in the books, waaaaaaah. kill her! kill her!self important book purists now: how dare they kill her in a way I don't approve!Hahaha So true.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2013 - 01:09 PM.
5304	mafalda	2013-05-06	Wait now D&D will have to find another whore in Westeros cine Ros pretty much was the only one in the show... All in all I'm glad to see her go, but I do feel bad for her and it does show the interesting aspect where whores are disposbal to most gameplayers!Maybe they'll use that girl who looks foreign but is really from flea bottom who feels sorry for bronn's nose and that they had Ros fisting in s1...As long as they don't use that whore with the strange voice that Bronn was with in ep1... or the one who looks and sounds like she's 12. lol, *squeals* "Your Grace!"
5305	protar	2013-05-06	Maybe they'll use that girl who looks foreign but is really from flea bottom who feels sorry for bronn's nose and that they had Ros fisting in s1...As long as they don't use that whore with the strange voice that Bronn was with in ep1... or the one who looks and sounds like she's 12. lol, *squeals* "Your Grace!"Or they got rid of Ros in this episode because they've realised they're at the point in the story were invented characters don't really have a place anymore unless they want to deviate completely from the books and thus won't be adding in another invented prostitute character. Not they ever should have had invented characters but we're moving towards the latter portions of the series surprisingly fast - in just a couple years time we could be seeing twow on-screen. Past season 3 Ros would have had less and less place in the series.
5306	teemo	2013-05-06	There's no time for real characters...Dany, Jon, Robb, they all appear in only every other episode....so yeah, definitely no room for fake ones!
5307	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	There's no time for real characters...Dany, Jon, Robb, they all appear in only every other episode....so yeah, definitely no room for fake ones!Seriously. They really needed to start cutting the fat soon. There's still Ramsay's identity to reveal. They still have to get through the Dornish and Oberyn. Plus Tyrion is going to have his own set of characters for his story.  Let's not even think of the clusterfuck that's about to happen with Dany. There just really isn't room for Ros anymore.
5308	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-06	I wasn't happy about her death but I think people only took it to be a sign of how sadistic Joffrey is. But that wasn't why she died. Joff wanted to try something new for entertainment. It was Littlefinger that sent Ros - knowing what would happen. He did it to say to Varys that a) I'm playing the game better than you, b.) I know when I'm being betrayed, and c.) people who betray me will die.Her manner of death was too much IMO. The fact that they're already showing us an extreme amount of torture to Theon - this is just an gratituous amount of violence.I understand its HBO and they can get away with it. I understand that GRRM had a lot in the books. But a lot of his was behind the scenes or telling us about it after the fact (like Theon's). When its in living color, HBO needs to tone it down a bit. From the cutting the nipple off the Unsullied guy to Ros' death - its overkill. And yay - we get more Theon torture next episode. I can't stand his character but I don't want to watch his torture. The characterizations of the non-tortured ones and their storylines are suffering because D&D are going for the shock factor. We get it Ramsey and Joffrey are evil and sadistic. We don't need to see so much.How much more toned down could you make Ros's death? it was completely left out of the show. All we are shown is her bolt-ridden corpse. We didnt have to see her go through her execution shot by shot. Potentially she either begged for her life or cursed Joffrey in defiance as she was shot over and over. We didn't actually see anything at all. No suffering, no pain, no humiliation. Just the bottom line and we have to assume what happened in the bedroom. The only way it could have been more toned down is if we were just told that Ros was murdered, which would have been a lousy way to get rid of that character.
5309	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	People act like Ros took up loads of screen time every episode. Throughout the entire series she had maybe 15 minutes of screen time, and none of those scenes were focused solely on her. People just like to whine.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 06 May 2013 - 01:29 PM.
5310	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Well speaking for myself, my argument was not that she's on screen an excessively large amount. It was that they have many many many characters coming in and that they need every single second they can get, no matter how small. At risk of being repetitive, there are still lots of people who think Daenerys is named Khaleesi. The more people see of these characters that have to be introduced, the more they will remember about them.
5311	shiola	2013-05-06	I thought it was cheap.  The way they killed her was classless and I don't think anyone needed to see that to know Joffrey is still a monster.  It was cheap shock value and it conveniently filled the tit quota.
I don't believe Joff ever killed someone personally in the books.  I don't like this deviation for him.
5312	Valonqar_	2013-05-06	I do think D&D gave themselves some kind of redemption after creating someone like Ros. I had liked how they managed to replace the book whores with Ros and it was done in a clever way. But then, Valar Morghulis came out and it looked as if she was going to have a new arc of her own and that she would be playing either Varys or LF, the most powerful men in Westeros. I got worried about that and joined the haters. Now, she only had two scenes this season. She unnerved me somehow, but it was because I thought she was going to get away with it. And now, thay have really shown us how dangerous LF can be, an image that Ros was putting in danger.
5313	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Storywise I'm perfectly fine with Ros getting axed, I just think the hatred her character gets is just extremely petty. Most people hate her for the simple fact that she wasn't in the books.
5314	Warrior Queen	2013-05-06	I'm actually really sad she died! I liked Ros and never understood why so many people hated her with a passion.She did look great tho hanging there.I'm going to miss her!It was a great way of showing how dangerous LF is.I thought it was cheap.  The way they killed her was classless and I don't think anyone needed to see that to know Joffrey is still a monster.  It was cheap shock value and it conveniently filled the tit quota.I don't believe Joff ever killed someone personally in the books.  I don't like this deviation for him.Well show Joffrey is older. 
	Spoiler  He probably would have killed someone in someway alike this one if he had reached this age in the books 

					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 06 May 2013 - 01:38 PM.
5315	Khal Pono	2013-05-06	Was I the only one that thought the quarrel-ridden corpse of Ros looked STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL, in a creepy/Gothic-horror kind of way?It almost looked like the cover of a scary pulp novel from the first half of the 20th century.Hope you don't think I'm a sicko for saying so.I know there are a lot of Ros-haters among the book readers, but I will miss the lovely Esme Bianco.I don't believe Joff ever killed someone personally in the books.  I don't like this deviation for him.You didn't read the books carefully.  Joff LOVED his crossbows in the books, just as he does in the show.  He used to go up on the ramparts and shoot peasants who were begging for bread.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 06 May 2013 - 01:38 PM.
5316	Sun	2013-05-06	Was I the only one that thought the quarrel-ridden corpse of Ros looked STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL, in a creepy/Gothic-horror kind of way?It almost looked like the cover of a scary pulp novel from the first half of the 20th century.Hope you don't think I'm a sicko for saying so.I know there are a lot of Ros-haters among the book readers, but I will miss the lovely Esme Bianco.You didn't read the books carefully.  Joff LOVED his crossbows in the books, just as he does in the show.  He used to go up on the ramparts and shoot peasants who were begging for bread.That's exactly what it looked like. I've been trying to place the image all day.
5317	mafalda	2013-05-06	Or they got rid of Ros in this episode because they've realised they're at the point in the story were invented characters don't really have a place anymore unless they want to deviate completely from the books and thus won't be adding in another invented prostitute character. Not they ever should have had invented characters but we're moving towards the latter portions of the series surprisingly fast - in just a couple years time we could be seeing twow on-screen. Past season 3 Ros would have had less and less place in the series.We were joking. Argh please don't remind me of how fast it will be time for them to air TWOW, knowing GRRM probably isn't anywhere done with the books and that means the show will surpass them. It gives me a headache just thinking about it! /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Come on GRRM!Was I the only one that thought the quarrel-ridden corpse of Ros looked STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL, in a creepy/Gothic-horror kind of way?It almost looked like the cover of a scary pulp novel from the first half of the 20th century.Hope you don't think I'm a sicko for saying so.I know there are a lot of Ros-haters among the book readers, but I will miss the lovely Esme Bianco.I know what you mean, you aren't a sicko. I am a Ros hater but I will admit that Esme is quite lovely!
5318	ServantOnIce	2013-05-06	Poor Ros, but there was never going to be a happy ending for her..I am sure she had a few happy endings and gave plenty out . .  Hey Oh!!!!!!!  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />In all seriousness, as I mentioned I am glad her character is G O N E.   Thank you Dave and Dan, Thank You, /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
5319	protar	2013-05-06	People act like Ros took up loads of screen time every episode. Throughout the entire series she had maybe 15 minutes of screen time, and none of those scenes were focused solely on her. People just like to whine.Well about half an hour. Going by Schala's screen time post she had about 15 minutes in season 2, and she probably had about the same in S1. That isn't very much tbh, but it certainly adds up. 30 minutes is roughly 10 scenes that could have been spent elsewhere.
5320	shiola	2013-05-06	You didn't read the books carefully.  Joff LOVED his crossbows in the books, just as he does in the show.  He used to go up on the ramparts and shoot peasants who were begging for bread.I wouldn't go so far as to say I didn't read them carefully, but thanks for your assessment.  I don't recall them ever stating that he killed someone.  Loving crossbows, ordering beheadings, torturing people, and shooting at people are all very different from one-on-one torture murdering someone.
5321	protar	2013-05-06	We were joking. Argh please don't remind me of how fast it will be time for them to air TWOW, knowing GRRM probably isn't anywhere done with the books and that means the show will surpass them. It gives me a headache just thinking about it! /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Come on GRRM!I know you were joking (or hoped) I just thought it was a good place to pop in and say it's good they're trimming the fat.I remain optimistic that Martin will stay ahead of the show.
5322	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	You didn't read the books carefully.  Joff LOVED his crossbows in the books, just as he does in the show.  He used to go up on the ramparts and shoot peasants who were begging for bread.Hardly a variation, yes. I bet those who disliked such a "variation" now think it was perfectly in-character.
5323	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	I wouldn't go so far as to say I didn't read them carefully, but thanks for your assessment.  I don't recall them ever stating that he killed someone.  Loving crossbows, ordering beheadings, torturing people, and shooting at people are all very different from one-on-one torture murdering someone.Well, if anything, TV Joffrey is running short of personally executed murders, compared to book Joffrey!
5324	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-06	And now, thay have really shown us how dangerous LF can be, an image that Ros was putting in danger.I wasn't fond of all the whore scenes, but complaints about Ros in this episode seem wildly off base to me.  I thought it was excellent.One of the problems the showrunners have is conveying all the nuances of the book to the show, and Littlefinger's portrayal suffered for it.  It's hard to show sneaky/cunning/dangerous/urbane in not much screentime.  This scene accomplished two very worthy goals.  First, it showed those viewers who may have thought that Joffrey might become a decent guy under Margaery's influence that he's even worse than they thought.  It restores Joffrey-hate to where it should be, which was difficult given that they couldn't show all the little other details about what a shit he was.Second, it showed how truly unscrupulous LF is.   Yes, sure, peopple should remember all that stuff from season 1, but the reality is that a lot of viewers forget some of those things.  This scene set up both LF and Joffrey for exactly where they need to be in terms of viewer perception prior to the PW.Plus, I loved the shock value.  Everyone in the room when they showed Ros just sort of gasped, and I loved that they can still keep some of those shock moments for book readers as well.  A great way to set a dark tone heading into the RW, and it made a great contrast with the uplifting scene of Jon and Ygritte on the Wall.  It was also cool in that the last we saw of Ros, it looked like she was succeeding in advancing her station in life, and I think some folks were rooting for that.  The scene reminded viewers that just when you think you know what's going on, you don't.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 06 May 2013 - 01:52 PM.
5325	Roboginger	2013-05-06	Jeff is sadistic, but he would never have the stones. And Tywin would never let that happen in the the red keep. 
Far off from all characters involved except LF
5326	shiola	2013-05-06	Yeah, I do like that it showed what an asshole Baelish is.
5327	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	Jeff is sadistic, but he would never have the stones. And Tywin would never let that happen in the the red keep.Far off from all characters involved except LFYou do know book Joffrey killed peasants begging for food from the ramparts, right?
5328	Valonqar_	2013-05-06	Well about half an hour. Going by Schala's screen time post she had about 15 minutes in season 2, and she probably had about the same in S1. That isn't very much tbh, but it certainly adds up. 30 minutes is roughly 10 scenes that could have been spent elsewhere.But most of her screen time in S2 would have been taken by Chataya/Alayaya and they would have had to hire more actresses. I wasn't fond of all the whore scenes, but complaints about Ros in this episode seem wildly off base to me.  I thought it was excellent.Maybe I was somehow unclear or I didn't understand you, but I actually thought her death and the way it was orchestrated redeemed LF image.
5329	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Jeff is sadistic, but he would never have the stones. And Tywin would never let that happen in the the red keep.Far off from all characters involved except LFHe tries to kill a pack of peasants in plain sight of people but he's a horrible shot. Tywin doesn't know everything.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 May 2013 - 02:04 PM.
5330	Lord Godric	2013-05-06	Agreed. It was a great little scene which serves multiple purposes. I'll also note that it was Joffrey's first kill with his own hands, which shows that his monstrousness is escalating.I think it'll lead to Tywin's discussion with Joff, which in turn will lead to Joffrey making Loras a Kingsguard just to spite his grandfather.i wouldn't use "with his own hands" to describe this kill. I think it was an intentional use of Arya/bow and Joffrey/crossbow to magnify how much of a cowardly and skill-less weapon Joffrey has adopted as his own.
5331	Sasha Steelsong	2013-05-06	I'd say so, though personally I expected her to stand in for Ser Dontos next season.That was my expectation too.
5332	Greywolf2375	2013-05-06	i wouldn't use "with his own hands" to describe this kill. I think it was an intentional use of Arya/bow and Joffrey/crossbow to magnify how much of a cowardly and skill-less weapon Joffrey has adopted as his own.I would - it is the first time he has been the one to end someone's life - other times it had been the headsman or people at his command.  This time he actually took the action that ended someone's life.
5333	Derfel Cadarn	2013-05-06	i feel as if roz ws a giveback to readers or perhaps even martin after the departure for gendrys character. A giveback to Martin?  Unlikely given he liked the Ros character and actress.
5334	Eogh	2013-05-06	All that inclusion of Ros.And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?Like we didn't already know that?I guess they have either :A.  New avenues for meeting HBO's nudity quotaB.  Are now so big they don't have to deal with HBO's nudity quota anymore.And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.Woah woah woah eyyyyyyyy, did you just disrespect the bing?!
5335	Red Knight	2013-05-06	I loved that she was punished properly, you don't make a fool of Littlefinger and get away with it
5336	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	You didn't get that vibe when Ned Stark lost his head?I meant for the season.
5337	Masamune	2013-05-06	Am genuinely shocked that she's been killed off. I expected to see her on the Iron Throne by S7.
5338	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-06	All that inclusion of Ros.And they killed her for what, to show us that Littlefinger is ruthless and Joffrey is sadistic?Like we didn't already know that?I guess they have either :A.  New avenues for meeting HBO's nudity quotaB.  Are now so big they don't have to deal with HBO's nudity quota anymore.And for those of you who don't believe in HBO's nudity quota, I ask you - why was Tony Soprano headquartered out of a strip club?  Because that's not suspicious, or because his wife would really like it?  Naw, it's the HBO nudity quota.I swear I saw thousands (fine, maybe hundreds) of posts stating that LF looked like a wanker in the show. And I totally agree. This episode put things back on track!
5339	SilentSense	2013-05-06	Cements Joffrey's sadism (though it's overplayed compared to the book and Cersei has been whitewashed),and gives LF a strong moment. Imokwiththis.jpg
5340	Talbot	2013-05-06	I loved that she was punished properly, you don't make a fool of Littlefinger and get away with itAgreed to a point. It was a gruesome death, and it is easy to empathize with the character's fate. However, I think it serves as a reminder that Ros honestly was just a whore and was expendable. It's tragic and even harsh, but its true. She has absolutely no legitimate connections with anyone outside of LF and Varys (who, lets be honest, are only using her for their own gain) and bit off more than she could chew in King's Landing. Someone said earlier somewhere that it was a reference back to the innocents suffering for the highborn wars, and I think that's a great point.Still, RIP Ros
5341	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	I do not like how they are treating show LF. He is always giving away his plans and I just don't understand why. It's dangerous and he's supposed to be cleverer than that. The scene didn't work for me. 
I think Ros is being used, once again as an instrument to demonstrate some thing about another main character. In this case, Joffrey's cruelty and how he has not been tamed. That is, if they use it as a justification for the Tyrell's next plot.
5342	Masamune	2013-05-06	Why are they making Varys look like LF's buttmonkey?
Even if LF had one-upped Varys, he wouldn't show it. Varys gives nothing away.
It's just like at the end of S2 when he was almost crying at LF inheriting Harrenhal...
5343	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I do not like how they are treating show LF. He is always giving away his plans and I just don't understand why. It's dangerous and he's supposed to be cleverer than that. The scene didn't work for me.I think Ros is being used, once again as an instrument to demonstrate some thing about another main character. In this case, Joffrey's cruelty and how he has not been tamed. That is, if they use it as a justification for the Tyrell's next plot.What plan has Littlefinger given away?
5344	jugdesh258	2013-05-06	I have to call Lame on the whole deal......  it is like what they do to actress on short notice in a soap opera when they ask for too much money.   Seems goofball to prop up the character all this time for this abrupt end.
I never bought into Dontos replacement.  Since there is still Dontos and plenty of others.
Did not think she was so hot to be there for HBO nudity
Was into Fake Arya and converted to Fake Sansa.  The key was it had to be someone that Theon could recognize.  Nobody would fit now.
Almost to me as if the producers were angry that we had it all figured out ...... and decided to throw a wrench in the works for shock value.  I hope they are not writing it as they go along lest we find out in episode 10 that everyone is a cylon
phooeey!!
5345	Darryk	2013-05-06	I thought the shot of her hanging there was quite disturbing at the end. This is a character we've come to know, who believed she was going places, and it ends like that.
Shocks the audience, demonstrates how easily it can all be lost, shows Littlefinger's ruthlessness and reminds the audience that despite Margaery's manipulations, Joffrey is still beyond redemption. Good use of the character by the showrunners IMO.
Though the fact that she was killed offscreen makes me wonder if they really intended her arc to end this way, or if they had other plans for the character but had to change things abruptly.
5346	SilentSense	2013-05-06	Though the fact that she was killed offscreen makes me wonder if they really intended her arc to end this way, or if they had other plans for the character but had to change things abruptly.It's probably because Ramsay torturing Theon was enough torture for one episode.
5347	pavel	2013-05-06	I thought the shot of her hanging there was quite disturbing at the end. This is a character we've come to know, who believed she was going places, and it ends like that.Shocks the audience, demonstrates how easily it can all be lost, shows Littlefinger's ruthlessness and reminds the audience that despite Margaery's manipulations, Joffrey is still beyond redemption. Good use of the character by the showrunners IMO.Though the fact that she was killed offscreen makes me wonder if they really intended her arc to end this way, or if they had other plans for the character but had to change things abruptly.This sums up my thoughts. As for killing her offscreen, we've already had a few scenes with Theon this season so I think they didn't want to abuse the torture, especially since the Theon scene in this episode was quite disturbing.
5348	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-06	Mistake Oops
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 06 May 2013 - 04:20 PM.
5349	Kasporio	2013-05-06	Like the way the tv show made LF such a badass. The guy is terrific. And frightening. He said to Ros in season he sold one of his "girls" to a customer who enjoyed killing. And his way to say to Varys "haha ya got me now i got you..."
But Ros was a charming character.
And once again, Varys and LF have proven they are not the great schemers they're in the book.
And it proves in a rough way that Joff is probably not able to have a decent, regular sexual intercourse with a woman.
OK he's infatuated with his crossbow...
5350	teemo	2013-05-06	Woah woah woah eyyyyyyyy, did you just disrespect the bing?!Yeah, I'm going to half to wholeheartedly disagree with this assessment.  After writing many papers on The Sopranos and re-watching the series 10+ times, I can safely say that The Sopranos is above and beyond what D&D will ever be able to achieve with GoT, and very rarely, if ever, did they resort to adding in tits for no real purpose.  The Bing was a perfect place with Sil running it, and sorry - but the girls weren't even overly sexualized in these scenes.  They were typically in the backdrop and fuzzy.  Sure, we saw them once in awhile - but so what?  Mobsters frequent strip clubs.  It doesn't necessarily mean that they're being gratuitous   In fact, I always felt like 'University,' the episode where Ralphie beat the stripper to death was a sad tribute to exotic dancers.  I had chills during the ending scene when they played 'Living on a Thin Line' while showing the dancers on the floor in the Bing as the credits started to roll and fade to black.  It actually felt respectful toward women and very poignant.  Yes, respectful toward women even after a main character beat a pregnant dancer to death carrying HIS son.  That was such a powerful and heartbreaking episode that it justified the entire existence of The Bing without a doubt. Not to mention, The Sopranos is far too talky and slow-moving to watch for just the tits.  There's not enough to justify 6 seasons of watching it, that's for sure.  That's idiotic.  I definitely don't think there was any nudity quota there, it's not David Chase's style to be told what to do.  He wouldn't demean his show to that.  It's glaringly obvious and very cheap when it's done, and The Sopranos is above that.  GoT on the other hand, it does seem like they have a huge nudity quota - but maybe that's a show decision, not an HBO one.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 06 May 2013 - 04:44 PM.
5351	Buried Treasure	2013-05-06	I liked the  character when she was in the north, and enjoyed the joke that she was the pretty girl whom everyone who visited the one brothel in a small town remembered. It was her magically fast journey to Kings Landing and her getting employed by Littlefinger at the very point of the story when we should be realising how big the scale of the series is that bothered me, and her being background to Littlefinger's endless monologues didn't help. I did however think they were doing a better job with her this season and even quite enjoyed her scenes with Varys, I'm not sad she is out of the series but for the character's sake I'm sad about the way she died.
I get that the producers liked the actress - I did too - but I wish they had gone in the direction of making her a more substancial version of Kyra from the winter town. It would really be paying dividends now because they would have been able to make the Theon plot more interesting by using the Kyra sub-plot described in ADWD.
5352	Sidonie	2013-05-06	I was suprisingly sad to see Ros's fate. I sort of grew used to her being around.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I wonder though, if this is going to have anything to do with the Queen of Thorns' decision to
	Spoiler 
....poison Joffrey.
We know the Tyrells know Joffrey's a "monster," per Sansa, but apparently they are making plans to continue manipulating him "after the wedding" Marg tells Sansa she'll convince Joff to let Sansa marry Loras "after the wedding," so apparently the plans to kill him AT the wedding aren't in place yet.

					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 06 May 2013 - 05:23 PM.
5353	The Night's Prince	2013-05-06	Shae needs to die. She has become a nuisance.
5354	yolkboy	2013-05-06	I was sure it was Qyburn LF was talking about giving Ros to. I was thinking how he could have arranged the deal.
Then we see Joffrey... bang!
I loved it.
5355	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Shae needs to die. She has become a nuisance.I have no doubt the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it
5356	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-06	Owned, but didn't actually operate out of, I'd surmise.  Unless that's why you know his name.He operated/hung out there.  I know that from reading books on the subject.
5357	Lady Arwen	2013-05-06	I'm glad they finally did away with her, but they made it gruesome enough to make me feel guilty.My thoughts exactly!
5358	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I thought it was effective in showing us Joff is still an evil little shit and LF was better than he has been this whole season.
5359	Dragon greyscale	2013-05-06	It's quite ironic that one of the worst received episodes on this forum features the death of Ros: one of the worst received characters on this forum.
I'm fine with her demise btw. She was a useful character and I never understood the haters. The only thing that bugs me is that the perpetrator is Joff....again. LF's special client could have remained anonymous as far as I'm concerned.
5360	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	It's quite ironic that one of the worst received episodes on this forum features the death of Ros: one of the worst received characters on this forum.I'm fine with her demise btw. She was a useful character and I never understood the haters. The only thing that bugs me is that the perpetrator is Joff....again. LF's special client could have remained anonymous as far as I'm concerned.It was probably Joffrey in order to be a "wow" moment after the revelation that he has been pulling the strings of the noble houses way more than most of them realize.His hands are everywhere but leaving no prints
5361	The Hound's Lady	2013-05-06	I have to say that I've always had issues with Ros.  Not with the actress, she is beautiful and very charismatic.   I get that she was a blend of several minor characters and mostly there for character exposition and boobs.  I just vivividly remember being incredibly frustrated with a few episodes because they had so much left to cover in so little time and then they threw in a Ros scene and I was like, "Seriously?".
That being said at first I was upset with her demise in this manner.  I knew she had to go but I thought she had more of a purpose to serve first, either as Dontos or something along those lines.  This felt cheap and rushed.  After two and a half seasons I guess I thought she deserved a little more.
After reading this whole thread however I'm more or less convinced that it does work fairly well.  As an avid book reader I do sometimes take things like Littlefinger's ruthlessness and Joffrey's crazitude for granted.  This was a good reminder for non-book readers and also a shock to readers.  I also really like the theory that this is the final straw that leads to the PW and that it shows that even having Tywin in KL hasn't tamed Joffery.  I was worried that her character was getting more important this season and rising too quickly and to see that that was intentionaul, in order to see what happens to someone who falls on the way up the ladder, gives me back some faith in the producers.  It was actually fairly subtle and well set up.
P
As to why they didn't show her murder, what with the uproar about the nature of her death already, can you imagine the backlash if HBO actually showed a woman being tied up tortured and killed.  Esch!
Also, whoever said Talisa next.  I concur!
5362	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	People saying it was playing up to fanservice...thats just gross. How can anyone get that impression? The scene was chilling and i did feel bad for Ros. She DIDNT deserve that. Like i said earlier, i think they wrote themselves into a corner with her and couldnt figure out how to get out of it without something really really dumb.
5363	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	People saying it was playing up to fanservice...thats just gross. How can anyone get that impression? The scene was chilling and i did feel bad for Ros. She DIDNT deserve that. Like i said earlier, i think they wrote themselves into a corner with her and couldnt figure out how to get out of it without something really really dumb.Exactly! That IS gross, also saying a lot of people saying it was too sexualised? Ummm. Aint nothing sexy about that scene at all. If anything, the sado-sexual element is what helps make it so chilling, she's even clothed, which shows joff is just a pure sadist. But sexualised fan service? no fucking way. it was a brutal and effective way of showing joff's and LF's true colours. also they just needed to somehow rid themselves of the character, though i always assumed she'd take on dontos' role.
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 06 May 2013 - 06:22 PM.
5364	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	Apparently having Ros help her escape would be a bit more obvious than bringing back the questionably acted fool with seemingly no affiliation to anyone, who has reasons to show gratitude toward Sansa. So it could seem like he's working alone as it did in the books and then bam, out comes Leperchaun Batman rasping away on his boat to scoop Sansa away, just when everyone thought he was out of the picture.
5365	Zultra	2013-05-06	I don't believe *this* event will be the tipping point on which the Tyrells decide to poison Joffery, I have a feeling something hugely sadistic is coming (Even for Joffery's level of sadism) and I have a feeling the Show Marg will be involved.
5366	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	Exactly! That IS gross, also saying a lot of people saying it was too sexualised? Ummm. Aint nothing sexy about that scene at all. If anything, the sado-sexual element is what helps make it so chilling, she's even clothed, which shows joff is just a pure sadist. But sexualised fan service? no fucking way. it was a brutal and effective way of showing joff's and LF's true colours. also they just needed to somehow rid themselves of the character, though i always assumed she'd take on dontos' role.Someone said it was oversexualized in the rating the ep thread. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and yes thats the impression i got. Poor Ros. I was just hoping she would vanish from the story once her role was done. Like she would end up sorta the Lollys role, where she marries Bronn or some junk and they leave the story for a while.
5367	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	Exactly! That IS gross, also saying a lot of people saying it was too sexualised? Ummm. Aint nothing sexy about that scene at all. If anything, the sado-sexual element is what helps make it so chilling, she's even clothed, which shows joff is just a pure sadist. But sexualised fan service? no fucking way. it was a brutal and effective way of showing joff's and LF's true colours. also they just needed to somehow rid themselves of the character, though i always assumed she'd take on dontos' role. The scene is framed from the perspective of the male gaze, so it definitely is sexualised. And completely unnecessary too - we already knew Joffrey and Littlefinger's "true colours".
5368	Envie	2013-05-06	I really don't get why so many people are jumping on the 'over-sexualized' and 'misogyny' bandwagon so much in this series - I really don't, other than the fact that "Rape Culture" is the new flavor of the year platform for many and it's getting over exaggerated in media examples. I am not dismissing there's definitely a ton of sexual overtones in modern American culture and television - but this show is based on a series of books that were far more brutal and sexual and the author started writing over 20 years ago ... so it's stretching things a bit thin to constantly be raging on about the sexual overtones when that's kinda what the books (and the series) were about - along with brutal war and politics. For this particular series and books, they are adult themed and being shown on an adult pay cable channel. This isn't really something people should be nitpicking to death ... otherwise why are you watching (or reading) this epic saga in the first place if you disagree with the overtones of sex and violence?  Sorry, not trying to derail the original topic about poor Ros but it's getting hard to intelligently debate many of the topics on this forum with so much of that 'oversexualized' stuff flying around. As soon as anyone disagrees with it, they're accused of being sexist or crude or wrong somehow. There's way too much sex bashing going on for a series that's heavily rooted in that to begin with from the books.
5369	Envie	2013-05-06	The scene is framed from the perspective of the male gaze, so it definitely is sexualised. And completely unnecessary too - we already knew Joffrey and Littlefinger's "true colours".Why do you say it was sexualized? Because she was female? Because Joffrey shot her in the groin? (He also shot her in just about every other part of her body in case you didn't notice) ... there was no need to 'sexualize' the scene whatsoever. The fact it wasn't showing any nudity or sexual overtones (you didn't see Joffrey unclothed or even suggesting anything sexual in his mannerism) made it all the more chilling and super creepy. Sexual? No.
5370	congokong	2013-05-06	It seemed anticlimatic to kill a character who has been in 3 seasons in such a fashion; even a character as pointless as Ros.
5371	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	Someone said it was oversexualized in the rating the ep thread. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and yes thats the impression i got. Poor Ros. I was just hoping she would vanish from the story once her role was done. Like she would end up sorta the Lollys role, where she marries Bronn or some junk and they leave the story for a while.Yes, poor Ros. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />The scene is framed from the perspective of the male gaze, so it definitely is sexualised. And completely unnecessary too - we already knew Joffrey and Littlefinger's "true colours".It had a sexual undertone insofar that she was a whore hired for his pleasure, that only made it more chilling. It wasn't necessarily sexualised though. In fact, it wasn't at all. There was nothing sexy or attractive about her death, it was highly disturbing and also really quite sad.I don't particularly have a problem with it, yes it was awful, but that's what happens to the poor smallfolk, especially women, when they try to play the game.And actually no, the series has been spectacularly bad at showing LF to be the sinister puppet master for the last 2 seasons. He was better this episode than he has been since season 1.
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 06 May 2013 - 06:45 PM.
5372	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	LF's been a bumbling, accent changing fool for 2 seasons tbh.
5373	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I really don't get why so many people are jumping on the 'over-sexualized' and 'misogyny' bandwagon so much in this series - I really don't, other than the fact that "Rape Culture" is the new flavor of the year platform for many and it's getting over exaggerated in media examples. I am not dismissing there's definitely a ton of sexual overtones in modern American culture and television - but this show is based on a series of books that were far more brutal and sexual and the author started writing over 20 years ago ... so it's stretching things a bit thin to constantly be raging on about the sexual overtones when that's kinda what the books (and the series) were about - along with brutal war and politics. For this particular series and books, they are adult themed and being shown on an adult pay cable channel. This isn't really something people should be nitpicking to death ... otherwise why are you watching (or reading) this epic saga in the first place if you disagree with the overtones of sex and violence?  Sorry, not trying to derail the original topic about poor Ros but it's getting hard to intelligently debate many of the topics on this forum with so much of that 'oversexualized' stuff flying around. As soon as anyone disagrees with it, they're accused of being sexist or crude or wrong somehow. There's way too much sex bashing going on for a series that's heavily rooted in that to begin with from the books.Oh. Rape Culture is definitely a massive problem in our world. It IS a real issue and shouldn't be trivialised. However, I agree with you, I didn't find this shot of ros to be attractive or sexy in anyway, it was not there to sexually excite the viewers, it was disturbing and sad.
5374	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	I think that they wanted to start making good on Varys's claim about Littlefinger. I've seen several people saying that they believed him after the end of this episode. 
I think that it also is to set up his treatment of Lysa later. It'll be in character for him to use her and toss her aside when she becomes a problem/ of no use, because we've seen it with Ros.
5375	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	The scene is framed from the perspective of the male gaze, so it definitely is sexualised. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
5376	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	^ Yeah. What the hell does that even mean.
5377	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	^ Yeah. What the hell does that even mean.It's up there with "rape culture" as one of the stupidest terms to come out of the modern feminist movement
5378	Bastard Walder	2013-05-06	^ Yeah. What the hell does that even mean.I think it means Game of Thrones is sexist because the director was a man.
5379	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	I think it means Game of Thrones is sexist because the director was a man./rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
5380	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	this was what i posted on tumblr about this scene:oh, for fucks sake. Ros<U+0080><U+0099> death on Game of Thrones is not sexualised at all. it has sexual undertones insofar that she was a whore hired for joffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s pleasure. note she is clothed, this proves joffrey is a pure sadist, this is not a sexual kink for him, he just enjoys inflicting pain on others. does a woman<U+0080><U+0099>s body always have to mean sex? this shot was NOT put there to sexually excite viewers, it is not sexy or attractive in any possible way, it is fucking DISTURBING. and im a pretty strident feminist, but i<U+0080><U+0099>m gonna say get off your damn high horses and take another look at the shot. if you think it<U+0080><U+0099>s sexy it says more about you than it does about the writers. they essentialy wrote themselves into a corner with this character and needed a way to just kill her off. i had assumed she<U+0080><U+0099>d take on dontos<U+0080><U+0099> role, but i think her death effectively proves you don<U+0080><U+0099>t fuck with LF (who has been, up until this point, pretty pathetic and hilarious this season and even last season. good to see his <U+0080><U+009D>true colours<U+0080><U+009D> again) and also to show  us marg really isn<U+0080><U+0099>t taming joffrey, he<U+0080><U+0099>s still a little monster. i never liked ros as a character, so all the people screaming that this was some sort of sick fan service need to take a step back maybe, i was always pretty anti-ros and i got absolutely no pleasure from this shot. it was horrible and disturbing and it made me feel sad for the character. it<U+0080><U+0099>s only sexualisation if it was put there to sexually excite. well, it didn<U+0080><U+0099>t sexually excite me.
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 06 May 2013 - 07:07 PM.
5381	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-06	^ Yeah. What the hell does that even mean. This might help you.
5382	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	I was being facetious. I get your point, I just think it's ridiculously stupid.
5383	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	this was what i posted on tumblr about this scene:/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Nice job, Theda!
5384	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-06	I find it odd that they killed one of the show's characters in a manner like that. I was expecting her to replace Dontos and be killed when she was no longer needed.
5385	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	I did always assume she would take on Dontos' role, as well.
5386	teemo	2013-05-06	/rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I'm not quite sure about the "male gaze," something I haven't even heard of until today, but I don't think it's a totally invalid argument.  Like I mentioned earlier, I had a creepy classmate who thought she looked sexy as hell "even dead" and that he'd "fuck the shit out of her" or whatever nonsense it was.  But people like that could just be acting super creepy....it doesn't necessarily mean that it was shot with the "male gaze."  What would have been a less...male gazey way to do it, exactly, Patrick? If she was totally naked with the arrows in her I think the complaint might be more meaningful, but she was just dead...just curious what made it have the "male gaze."
5387	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	This might help you.It's still stupid
5388	lannistergold	2013-05-06	This might help you.So essentially: you can't tell us the meaning of a term you just used, so you're leaving it to the Internet.
5389	Envie	2013-05-06	I think it should be more disturbing that so many people found the scene to be sexually 'overtoned' (whatever that means) in the first place. If you thought that was somehow 'sexy' then you might want to pull back just a tad and think about that... implication.
5390	Broken Fox	2013-05-06	Well of course her pose and the way she was dressed was sexual, I believe that was intentional, but it's a creepy sexual. Like something you'd see in some gothic painting. This is GoT, it's supposed to be twisted.
Now if you jacked off to that image that's a different story.
5391	KoishNoish	2013-05-06	In the scene where we see Ros with the three arrows in her was I the only one who noticed the similarity to the Arya scene? Arya shoots the dummy in the head, breast and balls. Joffrey has shot Ros in the head, breast and where the balls would be if Ros was a man. I don't see why they would link the two apperances but did anyone else see that?
5392	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	In the scene where we see Ros with the three arrows in her was I the only one who noticed the similarity to the Arya scene? Arya shoots the dummy in the head, breast and balls. Joffrey has shot Ros in the head, breast and where the balls would be if Ros was a man. I don't see why they would link the two apperances but did anyone else see that?Ya I noticed it too. It's a visual allusion, but I don't know what the purpose is
5393	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-06	I saw it too...I thought at first it was to draw a parallel between a straw man and a common whore - as in these things are toys for others to play with. Since the novels and show has a recurring theme of the smallfolk suffering, I took it as a King or Lord's view of how expendable these people were, like inanimate chess pieces to be moved and used for their pleasure.
5394	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	It didn't show Ros being killed, this is something typical to sexual violence in the media; eg Slasher films with the female running around half naked until the killer stabs her, ect.
If we had had to watch 10-30 seconds of Ros tied up and the arrows hitting once, her breast, once her genitals, THEN I would be arguing that this scene was sexualisation of violence against a female sex worker. But as it stands, it was just a 2 second (guessing) shot of a disturbing murder.
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 06 May 2013 - 07:21 PM.
5395	Stormkith	2013-05-06	Same thing I thought, fans ripped them for deviating from ACOK, this year they are doing a better job, as they did the first season, the best since the first season so far.You must not be watching the same show I've been watching.
5396	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-06	You must not be watching the same show I've been watching.The three episodes before this one were quite strong
5397	Florina Laufeyson	2013-05-06	I'm not quite sure about the "male gaze," something I haven't even heard of until today, but I don't think it's a totally invalid argument.  Like I mentioned earlier, I had a creepy classmate who thought she looked sexy as hell "even dead" and that he'd "fuck the shit out of her" or whatever nonsense it was.  But people like that could just be acting super creepy....it doesn't necessarily mean that it was shot with the "male gaze."  What would have been a less...male gazey way to do it, exactly, Patrick? If she was totally naked with the arrows in her I think the complaint might be more meaningful, but she was just dead...just curious what made it have the "male gaze."Theres always gonna be those assjacks who are like "hnngh that was hot lol!" but they are usually trying to be funny and over the top. Somehow, i dont think they could have killed Ros off and shown it without some sort of a whinging backlash. Its hilarious because everyone hated her. It actually make me appreciate Ros more, if anything.I think it should be more disturbing that so many people found the scene to be sexually 'overtoned' (whatever that means) in the first place. If you thought that was somehow 'sexy' then you might want to pull back just a tad and think about that... implication./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Totally, Cuz ewwwwwwww!
5398	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	this was what i posted on tumblr about this scene:This x100000000000
5399	Mark Antony	2013-05-06	The three episodes before this one were quite strongI agree. Hopefully the final four can live up to my expectations, i doubt it though lol
5400	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-06	This x100000000000seriously though, like i said above. if this was a live action scene lasting 10-30 seconds i'd have SUCH  different opinion, but as it stands its just 2 seconds of the aftermath of a VERY disturbing murder. poor ros.
5401	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	This can end the Ros will be fake Arya talkProbably the best thing about Ros' death is the total anhilation of this terrible idea.
5402	Warg Arry	2013-05-06	Esme' Bianco's interview
5403	Thelastactionhero	2013-05-06	Equivalence of "people who don't read feminist film theory" with "idiots". Zero to ad hominem in one swoop - you certainly hit the ground running.I don't think the original statement made about Ros' death being incredibly sexualized by the "male gaze" is terribly complicated to understand. I also think that it's difficult to deny that there were sadistic sexual elements at play in the scene as Joffrey admires her mangled corpse. Personally though, I don't think mind the inclusion of the scene, as I feel that this is in no way celebrating rape culture. I feel that this in part, the beauty of Martin's work. (not that he wrote this episode) Song of Ice and Fire doesn't pull any punches about women being raped or sexually abused during this brutal historical period, which makes his strong female characters transcending these historical conditions all the more compelling.
5404	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Equivalence of "people who don't read feminist film theory" with "idiots". Zero to ad hominem in one swoop - you certainly hit the ground running.Lmao, zing!!!!!!!!!
5405	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	The true question is do the lesbians find the term male gaze sexist also?
As Lady Olenna would say, one for the philosophers
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 06 May 2013 - 07:55 PM.
5406	Mulled Wino	2013-05-06	Probably the best thing about Ros' death is the total anhilation of this terrible idea.A close second is the elimination of a horrific fabricated character.
5407	Warg Arry	2013-05-06	For the people who suggested that Margaery would have to be shown or happen upon the scene in order to affect the marriage alliance.
I just wanted to put forward the thoughts I had about that.
In the connecting scene Little Finger informs Varys.
Varys know exactly who the informant is.
Varys has many of his own little birds. It would take no time to find who Ros was given to.
Varys has an already established relationship with the Queen of Thorns.
Nothing convoluted really has to happen here in order for what Joffery has done and no doubt developed a taste for. To be discovered by the Tyrells.
Not to mention that Varys is a small council member and advisor. And has in other seasons served as advisor to the previous Hands.
Varys can have all the info and be in all the right ears for this information to have an almost immediate effect on pushing multiple story lines. And it isn't outside the scope of his role.
Also adding to it is that Ros was sort after by Varys. He has a particular interest in her. He won't let this go. Not to mention this act of Joffery is a playable chip for Varys to his own ends.
At least to my mind Varys is the key.
5408	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-06	seriously though, like i said above. if this was a live action scene lasting 10-30 seconds i'd have SUCH  different opinion, but as it stands its just 2 seconds of the aftermath of a VERY disturbing murder.poor ros.I agree completely. In fact, I praised the decision not to feature Ros' death onscreen, as it shows that her death is merely another casualty that will soon be forgotten and swept under the carpet. The storms come and go, the big fish eat the little fish, and the players keep on paddling. Ros was just another pawn in the eyes of Littlefinger, and the matter-of-fact and anti-climactic depiction of her death shows that like the smallfolk, her death won't be dwelt upon.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 06 May 2013 - 08:36 PM.
5409	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-05-06	I just think a lot of the book 'purists' overestimate their importance. I see a lot of "Haha D&D finally listened to us!" Yeah, probably not. That crowd is like.. 1% of the audience that watches this show.Exactly.  D&D could care less about peoples likes and dislikes.  These episodes are written well in advance and whining book nerds have nothing to do with it.  If they listened to  them, the show would basically be an audiobook TV re-enactment.
5410	The Anti-Targ	2013-05-06	Surely the scene was sexual, because Joff is a sexual sadist and he gets a hard on at inflicting pain. So he killed Ros in the manner he did for sexual pleasure. But we the viewer are meant to be horrified by it.
This is unlike Ramsey torture where he doesn't get any sexual pleasure from torturing Theon (I assume). For ramsey torute is more like an adrenaline rush, like bungie jumping, or the thrill of the hunt and gertting that big game kill, or bear baiting or dog fighting.
Despite my not really liking Ros being inserted into the story (although it was mostly season 1 that put me off her, her presence in S2 and 3 as fine by me). The manner of her death was gut wrenching and very effective at generating the desired emotional response from fans and detractors alike.
5411	Willem Blackfyre	2013-05-06	I swear i read an interview in which GRRM confirmed dontos would be back
5412	WTFSalami	2013-05-06	Surely the scene was sexual, because Joff is a sexual sadist and he gets a hard on at inflicting pain. So he killed Ros in the manner he did for sexual pleasure. But we the viewer are meant to be horrified by it.This is unlike Ramsey torture where he doesn't get any sexual pleasure from torturing Theon (I assume). For ramsey torute is more like an adrenaline rush, like bungie jumping, or the thrill of the hunt and gertting that big game kill, or bear baiting or dog fighting.Despite my not really liking Ros being inserted into the story (although it was mostly season 1 that put me off her, her presence in S2 and 3 as fine by me). The manner of her death was gut wrenching and very effective at generating the desired emotional response from fans and detractors alike.Wait what are you talking about? How do you know that Joffrey's pleasure is in any way sexual?
5413	nara	2013-05-06	Not a fan of Ros, but now I feel guilty for complaining about her so much.  What an awful fate!  I actually didn't mind her Winterfell scenes too much, but I had not yet read the books when the first few episodes came out...I think it was the brothel training scene that sent me over to the "I hate Ros" camp--probably the dumbest scene in the series so far.  with the exception of the murder of baby Barra in the brothel and her replacing the prostitute in the book who was beaten by Cersei, I didn't find her subsequent scenes to be useful, as compared to the amount of time devoted to them.
5414	polarbear	2013-05-06	I think the main reason Ros was killed off is since Littlefinger has sailed out of town, the show doesnt need a regular whore anymore. What else was Ros going to do on the show? protest against the halfman's whore tax?
5415	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	Oi, I've just realized that Margaery's presence in the scene makes no difference...Margaery confessed her ambition to LF last season, remember? I think we aaallll forgot. The link is already there. Littlefinger knows what they're after and he's playing them like a fiddle, as usual. 
Helping them poison Joffrey gets him an allegiance with every side, once again. It gets him some kind of reason to be spared in case things go wrong. If the Lannisters win out against the Tyrells, he can just say "wow hey remember I helped you take down those scheming bastards?" and if the Tyrells win he can just say "Dude, I totally helped you get rid of that little prick." 
Petyr Baelish, you magnificent bastard.
5416	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-06	this was what i posted on tumblr about this scene:Heya, I completely agree!I don't want to sound sick, but if you have someone in your bedroom who you're going to tie up and shoot with a crossbow, suspending them from bedposts is the most obvious place. It's not suggesting sexy times, imho. GOT is a very good looking series; I think it's a good shot, from a purely aesthetics POV. It's disturbing and awful, but well-composed. I think when you're considering aesthetics, there will always be some degree of objectification...perhaps there's a better term...but that's everywhere. Even if people are covered in blood, mud, and matted furs, a lot of thought went into how we see those dudes...even if it's visceral and unsettling, it's still meant to look good on some level. Plus, one point of the scene is how callously Littlefinger dealt with his "bad investment." She is an object to him, and so the camera work reflects that.Storywise, eek, there's like 3 arrows in the bedpost. What disturbs me is if he missed or was taunting her.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 06 May 2013 - 10:10 PM.
5417	polarbear	2013-05-06	The true question is do the lesbians find the term male gaze sexist also?As Lady Olenna would say, one for the philosophersThere isnt anything uniquely masculine about the image. Google  images of St. Sebastian.
5418	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-06	There isnt anything uniquely masculine about the image. Google  images of St. Sebastian.Twas a joke about how people can be overly sensitive to some things. As in, I wonder if any lesbians find the implicit exclusion in that phrase offensive and misogynistic. Since it suggests that it imitates only a male's line of sight and that there are no women who's eyes might follow the same path.I don't think there was anything masculine or sexist about it either and it was a huge overreaction. But then again, I'm sure the people who hold the belief that it was would probably tell me to "check [my] privilege," as I am not a woman.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 06 May 2013 - 10:22 PM.
5419	lostinwesteros	2013-05-06	And so, if only Ros had stayed home.  Or would that have been worse when the Iron Men came through?  Seems Meera and Osha have the right idea. . .
5420	eyeheartsansa	2013-05-06	I liked Ros.  My only problem is that we were robbed of Allayaya, which is the best name for a whore ever.  I was one of the people thinking she would take Jeyne Poole's place.  It was a fun theory while it lasted.  What a fucked up way to go; and makes LF just as terrifying as Jof, or worse; reminds us that he doesn't give a fuck about what happens to anyone!
I will miss her.  I liked the Jeyne Poole theory because it would have brought her back full circle with Theon, and poor Theon needs some lovin' right now!
5421	Envie	2013-05-06	Wait what are you talking about? How do you know that Joffrey's pleasure is in any way sexual?This. Seriously. How can anyone watch that scene, or any of the previous scenes, even the one where Margaery was obviously stroking his um, crossbow, and being very suggestive, and say with complete certainty that Joffrey was aroused or got off on the sadism and torture in a sexual manner? It was never shown in his response to making Ros beat the other prostitute, nor in any scenes where he was being cruel to Sansa or having his guard beat her, nor did he ever threaten to rape or do anything sexual to her. Quite the opposite in fact, he wanted no part of that and was only interested in torture and abuse.In the scene we just saw, Joffrey was completely clothed (as was Ros) and he had no look of someone who just did something sexual. He had the satisfied look of someone who just performed a really horrific psychopathic murder. Not all killers are after sex in fact very few of them are by most studies of real life murderers and serial killers - especially the ones who killed their victims in particularly gruesome ways.
5422	Mr Smith	2013-05-06	Personally, I thought this was the death itself was really well delivered; very chilling. What puzzles me is whether this was the writers' intention for Ros at the start, and if so, why the fuck did they have her in there at all? As far as I can tell, she served no purpose. Did they have another role for her and then change her mind?
Edit: I think the reason everyone associates Joffery's love for bloodshed with sexual pleasure is that we haven't seen him genuinely sexually aroused at any point, particularly for a boy his age, so it MAY follow that his sexual pleasure is coming from this gratuitous violence.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Smith, 06 May 2013 - 10:47 PM.
5423	Angmar	2013-05-06	Yikes, I don't wanna go around tumblr anymore. Everything has turned into "blah this show is awful!" by the like-all-the-females-hate-all-the-males fans.
And like, these people go around praising only the Cersei and Olennas and Margaerys but previously they never thought of Ros? She dies and everybody's all "WAAH WAAH MISOGYNY!"
what, will they act the same way once Shae dies? Lysa? Cat? Apparently GOT is okay only if the men die, women can't die for them.
Blegh. The hypocrisy is the worst. Nobody comments on how awful Theon's tortures are, but they go on and on about Ros and how Theon "doesn't have it that bad" whatever bs.
5424	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-05-06	I thought it was interesting that the quarrels were in the same spots that Arya's were.So, were the "green eyes" Mel spoke of Joff's, as in Joffrey and Arya share the same "dark place?"Arya= BrownJoffrey= Green
	Spoiler Catelyn= Tully BlueAll three share the same "darkness."
Just tossing it out there....No I think this is just foreshadowing her work with the faceless men and how she will have multiple sets of eyes as it were.
5425	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-05-06	And can someone please explain this whole ros thing? I just do not understand.
5426	Honey Badger	2013-05-06	Her replacing Jeyne Poole was a pretty stupid theory, for so many reasons.  I'm glad she died and in such a callous way.  We see a tiny little afterthought reminding us, "oh yeah, this random girl died a horrific death."  No one in Westeros cares. I'm also glad they didn't show it.  Looks like some ghastly shit went down.  Two in the bed post to scare the shit out of her.  One in the knee cap to let her know it's for real.  Then one in the thigh, one in the cunt, one in the heart, one in the skull, one in the arm and one in each elbow.  Yikes.  What a way to go.  You know Joff left the head shot for the end. My crystal ball says most of you will get over this violence quick, but in a few weeks we'll see complaining about the sex scenes again. D&D could care less about peoples likes and dislikes.So long as they care I'm happy.  It's when they couldn't care less will I be concerned.
5427	Demandred	2013-05-07	I, like many others, was not keen on her character when she first showed up and was disappointed that she was getting airtime while others from the book didn't show up at all (Blackfish in particular).
I have to admit that I did grow fond of her over the past couple of seasons though and was interested to see what would happen. In a way this was the first time in the series that I was left stunned because I had not expected it at all and I'm thankful for that but I'm still sad to see her go. Especially in that terrible, terrible way. There was no need to show the actual killing and it didn't feel anticlimactic at all to me. The way it was interspersed with Littlefinger's speech was brilliant. It helped bring back and reinforce Joffrey's sadistic nature (I don't think we've actually seen him kill anyone himself yet. Ned was different.) and really just drive home how dangerous Littlefinger is. This is the first real example of his wrath but it's also a strategy play at the same time in that it will leave a deep impression on the Tyrells.
5428	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-07	I, like many others, was not keen on her character when she first showed up and was disappointed that she was getting airtime while others from the book didn't show up at all (Blackfish in particular).I have to admit that I did grow fond of her over the past couple of seasons though and was interested to see what would happen. In a way this was the first time in the series that I was left stunned because I had not expected it at all and I'm thankful for that but I'm still sad to see her go. Especially in that terrible, terrible way. There was no need to show the actual killing and it didn't feel anticlimactic at all to me. The way it was interspersed with Littlefinger's speech was brilliant. It helped bring back and reinforce Joffrey's sadistic nature (I don't think we've actually seen him kill anyone himself yet. Ned was different.) and really just drive home how dangerous Littlefinger is. This is the first real example of his wrath but it's also a strategy play at the same time in that it will leave a deep impression on the Tyrells.I almost disagreed with you but then I realized I think you're right. All the other shady things he's done have been out of ambition. I think this is the first time we've seen what he does to people who actively get in his way or make him angry.
5429	Gendels Children	2013-05-07	i was wanting them to kill her off so much, but now i feel rather bad... meh /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
5430	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	I did not care for Ros, but I don't like how this was handled. I thought her character would be build up and she would play some kind of role in the future. I thought that her off-screen death was anticlimatic. I did not want to see her tortured by Joffrey, but they could gave given her some lines and maybe a short scene with Joffrey or Littlefinger or something.
5431	HouseLark	2013-05-07	This is just about the most despicable adaptation decision that the show has taken. I get it, it harks back to the warning that Littlefinger gave Ros in season two, and yes, it's a horrifying visual shot but at this point we've had a lot of horrifying visuals (Theon's torture, the charred miller's boys, crucified slaves, Dany's rapes in season one). Furthermore, it's pretty much unnecessary as a way of either illustrating Littlefinger's ruthlessness or Joffrey's sadism. The show has already done a good job in making Joffrey the most hated character on TV and Littlefinger has made it clear (because he loves a good monologue) that he's not to be trusted, which we will see again when he throws Lysa out of the Moon Door next season.The question I have is why did they choose to kill off Ros in this way? There are many ways it could have been done, and I believe many of us expected her to take Ser Dontos' role and she would therefore end her days at the bottom of Blackwater Bay. This would still have been gut-wrenching, perhaps even more so as it would have required Littlefinger to dangle hope in front of Ros. Instead, we have been given a scene which implies horrific sexual violence against a female character that served no purpose other than to press upon us an image that will disturb. I've really got to question the motivation of a writer that would make these choices.It's also a poor end to Ros' arc. She's been referred to as a "convenient pair of tits" which ignores that Esme Bianco has been fully clothed since the end of season one. Love her or loathe her, she had an arc that is unique in both the books and series: a commoner trying to climb the ladder of Westerosi society. To stop this tale being Disney-fied then Ros was always going to suffer but did her end really have to be one of sadistic sexual violence?  All told, I was sorry to see Ros go, Esme Bianco was good in the role and it made sense for TV purposes to have a single character with a little depth to substitute for Martin's myriad prostitutes (just as it makes sense to consolidate Robert's bastards into one character, Gendry). The end was just unworthy of any female character and again, I just can not understand why it was chosen other than for titillation.To be fair, I have to note that Martin also subjects many of his female characters to shocking sexual violence, often defended with claims that "that's how it was in medieval times" which ignores that this is a fantasy series and any scenes included are there at the author's choice, not because "historical accuracy" demands it. These scenes usually add little other than to illustrate already-established brutality (e.g. the Mountain's men recounting the rape of a tavern girl; how many people were in doubt about their violent nature by that point?).I really like both ASoIaF and GoT but the treatment of female characters in both really bothers me the more I think about it. This latest contrivance has just crystallised that for me.In the scene where we see Ros with the three arrows in her was I the only one who noticed the similarity to the Arya scene? Arya shoots the dummy in the head, breast and balls. Joffrey has shot Ros in the head, breast and where the balls would be if Ros was a man. I don't see why they would link the two apperances but did anyone else see that?Ros didn't take a quarrel to the head. I'd say take another look but I wouldn't encourage anyone to look at this scene again. I do, however, see the point that both you and the show are trying to make. Arya's own path is, in it's own way, as sadistic as Joffrey's from a certain point of view.
5432	White Raven	2013-05-07	After all the gruesome violence in the books and show people are upset about Ros?Sorry, I don't get it.
5433	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-07	I don't get the complaints about misogyny, to be honest. A misogynistic character killing a prostitute in a sadistic and misogynistic way? OUTRAGEOUS!
And the more I think about it, the more I agree that Ros had to go. If LF kept her around, and she became the surrogate for Ser Dontos(which I honestly expected), it would make LF look like an absolute idiot. Even if he knew she was spying on him, there's no way he would have kept her around for so long. And killing Varys' spy before leaving for the Vale ties up his loose ends in a way.
5434	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-07	I did not care for Ros, but I don't like how this was handled. I thought her character would be build up and she would play some kind of role in the future. I thought that her off-screen death was anticlimatic. I did not want to see her tortured by Joffrey, but they could gave given her some lines and maybe a short scene with Joffrey or Littlefinger or something.Are sure you and others wouldn't have said then "they wasted precious time to show a Ros' with Joffrey, time that could have been used to develop REALLY important book characters, such as Bran"?
5435	Khal Porno	2013-05-07	I can't believe they assassinated Ros' character like thatLOL!!Also you people are sick.
5436	Buckwheat	2013-05-07	This can end the Ros will be fake Arya talk/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This, a thousand times this.I am glad she is gone, it is a cruel way to kill her off, I am happy they did not show it in the process, but really, I am so glad we will not be seeing her again.
5437	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	I'm not surprised, I always thought Dontos will be standing in for DontosSame here. I mean.... they introduced his character already....albeit minorly.
5438	Clariana	2013-05-07	Now both Ros and Theon who we were both introduced to in person enjoying sexual relations have been tied up and tortured.  In Ros's case she's dead for a sadist's pleasure. Theon is still alive for a sadist's pleasure. The GoT can be extremely cruel to losers.
5439	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	Are sure you and others wouldn't have said then "they wasted precious time to show a Ros' with Joffrey, time that could have been used to develop REALLY important book characters, such as Bran"?While I don't care for Ros, I don't hate that she was a part of the show either. The writers have included her in the story for 2 seasons and I just think that the way they killed her off offscreen was not well done. Actually from her last couple of scenes I expected that she would have some kind of role in the future, I honestly did not expect her to bite the dust so soon.
5440	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-07	I actually really didn't care for Ros much across the first two seasons....but she gained a lot of props from me after her scene on the docks with Shae after episode 1 in this season. I don't know why... i just liked that scene.
5441	Hoster Blackwood	2013-05-06	Ok so help me out course something doesn't fit. 
What in the whole white world of westeros will three wildings and a snow crow do on the other side of the wall? How will they continue interms of ... You know ... Everything concerning the wall, the watch and the wildings?
5442	Khal Tommen	2013-05-07	In one of the pre-season trailers, about 30 wildlings can be seen travelling to what may be castle black, upon second viewing of 'The Climb' however, only 16 wildlings maximum are ever depicted climbing the wall. It seemned to me however (maybe to the details will be explained next episode and im wrong) that Tormund, Jon, Ygritte and Orell are the only survivors of climbing the wall, so i have no idea to how the battle of castle black will take place.
5443	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-07	Well maybe it's just me but I think I saw at least two other people make it up the Wall (they were very tiny in the background though or I may have just been seeing things..)
5444	Lady Hornwood	2013-05-07	There is a possibility that this party was in charge of getting ropes down for other wildlings to climb. Another possibility is that they plan for Jon to get to Castle black and open the gate for Mance Rayder.
5445	Khal Tommen	2013-05-07	In the final scene Tormund can be seen pulling ropes up the wall whilst Jon and Ygritte struggle over the edge, so i think Lady Hornwood may be correct.
5446	Robb_Starkers	2013-05-07	Well maybe it's just me but I think I saw at least two other people make it up the Wall (they were very tiny in the background though or I may have just been seeing things..)Just checked, this appears to be true. Just as Jon/Ygritte stand up you can see two figures climbing over the top in the distance.
5447	JFleet	2013-05-06	I realize there have been similar posts in the threads on Theon/boy scenes, but I haven't seen much commentary on the subject so I thought I would start a new thread.
I realize they are saving the official reveal of Boy as Ramsay Snow till sometime close to the Red Wedding for dramatic effect, but at this point isn't it all but obvious. I'm obviously biased as a book reader, but the evidence of Bolton treachery seems to be jumping right out at the viewer. I'd imagine any astute unsullied TV viewer would have come to the conclusion by now.
- The most obvious piece of evidence is the cross that Theon is being tortured on. It is literally the sigil of house Bolton. Couple that with the increased prominence of the Bolton sigil this season and it seems pretty clear where he is.
- We know from last season (The episode where Robb meets Talisa) that Roose Bolton condones flaying despite it being explicitly outlawed, and there have been multiple references about his bastard going to Winterfell. That along with Theon literally being flayed before our eyes is a big hint.
- This most recent episode showed that Roose Bolton is willing to let Jaime go instead of turn him over to Robb Stark. This is clear evidence that he is turning on Robb and should not be trusted. (Read: Don't believe his statements from earlier this season that his bastard got to Winterfell but didn't find Theon
- Last season's ending to the Winterfell arc was confusing to be sure, but wasn't it clear that Winterfell was under siege by northmen and (less clear) that Dagmer knocked Theon out to turn him over and save the rest of the Ironborn? Given that the only person we know to have been sent to lay siege to Winterfell is Bolton's bastard, shouldn't we assume that Theon was captured by Bolton men?
- There was also the rather humorous but slightly less obvious hint of the Horn in the most recent episode
Forgive me if this has already been discussed, but I'm a first time poster. Let me know what your unsullied friends think about Bolton's actions and the identity of Theon's torturers.
					
					
							Edited by JFleet, 13 May 2013 - 12:00 AM.
5448	rumple9	2013-05-06	The music at the end was beautiful!
5449	Pellaeon	2013-05-06	What is up with them?
Littlefinger does constanly outsmart Varys lately, the thing with Ros is only the last example for that, and it also seems that Varys doesn't understand LF.
In the books they are two worthy player who keep their carts close to their chest, but in the show it seems Varys is a pedantic amateur. He can't even protect his own spies and justify himself in front of LF, losing nearly his composure
Do they destroy Varys? The only thing he achieved so far this season is getting a sorcerer. Where is the scheming, always ahead of everybody Varys who not only seems to know everything but is also a skilled player?
5450	cuendillar	2013-05-06	I just can't see any other way to interpret the Olenna/Tywin encounter than that. It seems they removed every back door to bring them in again with Tywin's threat that the Tyrell name would die out if Loras had no children due to joining the Kingsguard and Margaery marrying into the royal family.
I'm a bit surprise that they wrote themselves into this corner, as Loras did indeed join up in the books. Does D&D have confirmed that the Tyrells won't survive the books anyway, so that they could safely do this notable change?
5451	rumple9	2013-05-05	The end music was absolutely beautiful - brought a tear to my eye!
5452	go joff go	2013-05-05	So what did everyone think.  It was shorter then I expected and I felt like we got less characterization of Bolton then I was expecting.  I think maybe it was because they are really going the extra mile not to give Bolton away yet I am a little worried that by the time we get to the RW its going to be a little bit who just killed Robb.
5453	kiasyd	2013-05-05	...For Arya: "We will meet again."
So... Any significance for Winds of Winter? They never met in the books yet, and worse - she confuses Alys Karstark with Arya in her visions in DwD. :-/
5454	teemo	2013-05-05	Okay, so I'm taking it that Ygritte knows that Jon is still a crow.  So, how can she possibly be with him?  It's funny because I actually brought up a topic in last week's episode about how Jon Snow has no one he can truthfully talk to like almost every major television antagonist does, and that it's negatively impacting his character.  Now he sort of has someone to be more open with, but it doesn't really make sense.  Or does it?
5455	Caryn Stark	2013-05-05	When Mel tells Arya she holds a dark fate for someone with brown eyes, someone with green, and someone with blue.... Who do you think she is referring to, and has this already been revealed in the books, or no?
5456	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-29	So, what you think it will happen in this episode. From the promo i think we will see Robb proposing Edmure to one of the Freys, Theon will get castrated, Wildings climbing the Wall, LF leaving for Eyrie, Lord Bolton will release Jamie and some Arya adventures with the Hound. I'm eagery waiting for more Ramsay scenes.
5457	Queen of Whores	2013-04-29	What I predict from the promo, synopsis and book:
- Jon and the wildlings climb the Wall.
- Robb agrees to the Frey marriage proposal.
- Theon is tortured by Ramsay.
- Jaime, Brienne and Roose conversation. Jaime is set free.
- Tywin and Olenna conversation.
- Varys and Littlefinger conversation. Littlefinger leaves for the Eyrie.
- Osha and Rickon leave Bran, Hodor and the Reeds.
- Arya is captured by Sandor.
I think Daenerys and Sam will sit out this episode.
					
					
							Edited by RhymesWithFreak, 29 April 2013 - 08:10 AM.
5458	TheEvilKing	2013-04-29	I doubt Sandor will appear. This seems to be the episode where Mel turns up at the BwB to nab Gendry.
Jojen appears to be having some kind of fit in the trailer. Weird.
I doubt Jaime will actually be freed until episode 7 since its entitled "The Bear and the Maiden Fair". This one just seems to be the dinner with Roose and Brienne, which looks like great entertainment.
5459	Chuck88	2013-04-29	How nasty do Black Walder and whichever Frey Tom Brooke is playing look? Those little caps and their ratty little faces are just...eugh. Perfect casting in a way.
I suspect this will be the first time we get a real good look at how much of an evil creature Ramsay really is.
5460	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	Will this be the beginning of the flaying, or do you think we'll have to wait longer for it?
5461	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	Melisandre that Arya is firing at? Don't think arrows are much good on her..
5462	Halfhandyo	2013-04-29	Jaime and Roose, probably Roose telling him to not blame him for the hand, and sending him off with Qyburn. Robb sets action to his plan, but need Edmure to marry. Kings Landing.. Dunno. Reaction on the marriages. Bran is in I hope? I hope it's not a dream, but more of a warg/real life scene. Maybe some chats with Osha and Meera for once?Theon is getting some torture, probably starting to establish Ramsay wanting him to become his "creature" ?This is probably a Jon heavy episode.. The climb is in, and a trailer show Tormund and Jon around a campfire... So atleast two scenes. I'd guess team Arya is also getting some scenes. Some of her last interaction with the brotherhood, they are setting for Riverrun. Gendry is getting a visit. So far, I'd guess this episde focus largely on Jaime, Robb, Jon and Arya which is pretty good, since 3/4 need progress to catch up til RW. Wildcards then being; Sam, Stannis, Dany.. One of these atleast are in, can we hope for a short Davos reading scene and Sam slaying an Other ? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5463	Hound Dog	2013-04-29	I doubt Sandor will appear. He's obviously the person Arya's referring to when she's learning to shoot arrows and says that someone's out there. Maybe the fun'll begin at the very end of the episode, or next episode...
5464	KingWolf	2013-04-29	He's obviously the person Arya's referring to when she's learning to shoot arrows and says that someone's out there. Maybe the fun'll begin at the very end of the episode, or next episode...I thought they were refering to Mel.
5465	JMJ	2013-04-29	I'm hoping they keep in the storyline about Roose marrying Fat Walda for her weight in silver.
5466	BananaSpice	2013-04-29	I'm hoping they keep in the storyline about Roose marrying Fat Walda for her weight in silver.I love Fat Walda, but I bet they cut this out, and they probably should ... I guess it would be ok if Roose gets to marry a Frey as part of his "reward" but it would be unnecessary to have Fat Walda ... it would just seem like a mean fat person stereotype, tbh :/
5467	Hound Dog	2013-04-29	I thought they were refering to Mel.Ohh. Hadn't thought about that one. I was thinking more book plot, you see. Hmmm. Well, there you go! Something for me to think about instead of working /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5468	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Can't wait for the Roose/Jaime dinner, Scaling The Wall looked incredible in the first trailer so i'm excited for that.
5469	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	I think it would just not come across as cute/amusing in the show as it does in the book. I mean, Walda is a somewhat interesting, if minor character, and it adds something kind of endearing about Roose in a weird way. There is really no time for that in the show, and if they tried to include it I think it would just seem like poking fun at somebody fat for no reason. Doesn't really have anything to do with GRRM. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Perhaps, though I'm not sure. I think the main reason they won't do it is because the style of comedic relief is very different from the books and I think Roose & Walda might come across as a bit too silly. That said, I'm all for it but betting against it.
5470	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Anguy is going to be killed by Sandor...
5471	TheHedgeWizard	2013-04-29	Jojen appears to be having some sort of epileptic fit in the preview. Are they making jojen an epileptic similar to robert arryn in the books? God i hope not.
5472	Nick_Scryer	2013-04-29	Anguy is going to be killed by Sandor...I have a feeling this will happen too...Jojen appears to be having some sort of epileptic fit in the preview. Are they making jojen an epileptic similar to robert arryn in the books? God i hope not.Maybe he's just having a particularly disturbing prophetic dream.
5473	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	The Bolton dinner scene looks amazeballs. They even kept in Brienne's frilly dress! Roose is becoming one of my favorite show characters already.
I think your right Cellio. I was really starting to like Anguy /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Alik Sakharov really killed the direction on his episode last year, I think climbing the wall is going to be crazy dramatic.
5474	Mordos_Kull	2013-04-29	If you look at the Episode 5 recap that gives us clues as to who will feature in episode 6.
The conversation between Bran and Jojen about seeing prophecies is there - so they will have a scene which follows that angle (who knows, maybe Jojen will see Dany's Wolfs Head as a nod to that)
Sam and Gilly escaping Crasters is there, so i reckon we will have a short scene with them
Stannis and Mel discussing Kings Blood is there, so we will possibly see Mel meeting Thoros
Then the obvious:
The wildings climbing the wall
Arya leaving BWB
Bolton Dinner with Jaime/Brienne
Robb meeting Freys
Is Dany mentioned in the synopsis? Perhaps she may not feature in this one?
5475	podrick_payne45	2013-04-29	If you think this has a happy ending, then you haven't been paying attention. Awesome.
5476	Paul Baratheon	2013-04-29	Here is the review for episode 5 they will show next week:http://www.youtube.c...1&v=rLchNMPmHvQFrom this im gathering:Theon tortureArya kidnapped by the houndMellisandre to the brotherhoodSam run-in with Rast? Too early for white walkerMore on the KL marriagesJon climbs, maybe orell bird attackNo dany or stannisRoose jaime briennefreys and robbBran seeing stuff far away or somewhere in history?
							Edited by Paul Baratheon, 29 April 2013 - 01:20 PM.
5477	Xasthur	2013-04-29	Oh my, if Dany sits out this episode my non-book-friends will be pissed again. From what i got from the internet and my friends everybody expected her to finally attack Westeros and everybody is disgruntled by her having not enough screentime in their opinion.
I wonder how they will react when they find out that she basicly does absolutly NOTHING for like 2-3 seasons or something besides having diarrhea and a weird puberty crush.
Don't know about the Sandor thing, but they really shouldn't rush through Aryas story - what does she do after the Red Wedding?? The tavern incident?? Tickler is already dead and there is not much to cover between that and her arrival in Braavos. They need to make something up or fill in Bravoos stuff into season 4, which would make me wonder what they do with her when they cover book 4 and 5. WoW material??
5478	SerWest	2013-04-29	How will they infuse Reek into the tv series? A story by Ramsay?
5479	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Oh my, if Dany sits out this episode my non-book-friends will be pissed again. From what i got from the internet and my friends everybody expected her to finally attack Westeros and everybody is disgruntled by her having not enough screentime in their opinion.I wonder how they will react when they find out that she basicly does absolutly NOTHING for like 2-3 seasons or something besides having diarrhea and a weird puberty crush.Am I the only person who found the events at Yunkai to be the most compelling moments of Dany's story?
5480	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-29	Here is the review for episode 5 they will show next week:http://www.youtube.c...1&v=rLchNMPmHvQFrom this im gathering:Theon tortureArya kidnapped by the houndMellisandre to the brotherhoodSam run-in with Rast? Too early for white walkerMore on the KL marriagesJon climbs, maybe orell bird attackNo dany or stannisRoose jaime briennefreys and robbBran seeing stuff far away or somewhere in history?I am not sure if someone already posted this, but in that link you can find a link to next episode's preview:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ItUyT9FpLXw
5481	Xasthur	2013-04-29	How will they infuse Reek into the tv series? A story by Ramsay?Since there was no Reek in Season 2, there is no reason to make up a story only to give Theon this "title" after Ramsey is done with him. We don't get into Theons head, there will be no reek-rhymes.That being said, I would prefer if they DO introduce a Reek story. A crazy creepy Ramsay monologue would be awesome, the guy from the Misfits who plays him seems to be capable of that... and do not forget that Roose monologue to Theon in Book 5 about Reek!
5482	Xasthur	2013-04-29	Am I the only person who found the events at Yunkai to be the most compelling moments of Dany's story?I'm not an expert in her story, but isn't Yunkai the city where the "Mhysa" scene and the crucification happened? That will be in episode 10 I assume.
5483	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-29	Yunkai is the city where Mhysa happens.
5484	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	I'm not an expert in her story, but isn't Yunkai the city where the "Mhysa" scene and the crucification happened? That will be in episode 10 I assume.Yep - Dany season 3 is awesome. After that it's downhill - but not yet.
5485	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Btw, anyone else reckon that Sam will stab a walker this episode?
5486	Newstar	2013-04-29	"Previouslys" for Episode 6 (the "Recap"):
Bran and Jojen discussing the sight
Orell giving Jon lip about his loyalties
Melisandre referring to others with king's blood
Tywin telling Tyrion and Cersei of their respective betrothals
Bolton telling Jaime and Brienne they'll talk later
Boy leading Theon back to the dungeon
Robb executing Rickard and saying he needs Walder Frey
Mutiny at Craster's, Sam and Gilly fleeing
Beric dying, Beric and Thoros discussing Beric's resurrections
And in the 3x06 promo, we have this:
Jon and the wildlings climbing the Wall
Robb negotiating with the Freys, the Freys alluding to Edmure ("not what, who")
Jaime/Brienne dinner with Roose Bolton
Boy torturing Theon
Osha and Hodor
Beric with his eye uncovered in the cave
Olenna snapping Tywin's quill pen
Varys and Littlefinger in the throne room
Anguy teaching Arya archery, Arya saying "There's someone out there"
And the 3x06 synopsis reads as follows:
Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb.
There's also a 3x06 HBO still of Sansa, so we get at least one Sansa scene.
So putting it all together, what do we have?
1. Jon: wildlings climb the wall, Orell/Jon tension (and more about Jon's loyalties)
2. Arya: leaves the BWB, possibly gets nabbed by the Hound (I'm guessing Arya will get kidnapped before Melisandre meets Gendry, which puts it in 3x06 or in early 3x07, I think)
3. Melisandre: meets the BWB, learns about Thoros' resurrections of Beric (maybe this is the episode where she meets Gendry as well)
4. King's Landing: Tywin/Olenna scene, Varys/Littlefinger scene, Sansa scene...I would imagine some fallout for Tyrion and Cersei to be shown, but we'll see
5. Bran: Bran Jojen dream prophecy blah blah blah
6. Dany: nothing
7. Stannis/Davos/Shireen: nothing
8. Sam: Sam/Gilly on the run
9. Jaime: Jaime/Brienne dinner with Roose Bolton
10. Theon: getting tortured by Boy a lot
11. Robb: negotiating with the Freys and introduction of proposed Edmure/Roslin match, possible scene with Edmure where Robb and co. try to get him to agree
Seems like a pretty packed episode, as usual, but a few of these might just be quick one-off scenes (Bran, Arya, Sam/Gilly, Theon hopefully, etc.).
D&D said something to the effect that after 3x02 it's just one set piece after another. 3x06's set piece looks like it's going to be the climbing of the Wall.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 29 April 2013 - 06:57 PM.
5487	Caryn Stark	2013-04-29	How will they infuse Reek into the tv series? A story by Ramsay?Obviously they will have Ros do it...
5488	BananaSpice	2013-04-29	Obviously they will have Ros do it...*snort* ... I honestly doubt they will even have a "Reek" subplot, tbh. The specifics details surrounding Theon's psychological state after torture aren't actually THAT important. They could simply use "Boy" or some other aspect of psychological torment to show how broken he is. Perhaps it will be one of those things where they make some sort of Reek joke or pun as a nod to readers.
5489	Talbot	2013-04-29	Cant wait for this:
"Give Robb Stark my regards"
"I will"
5490	JonDunn	2013-04-29	Eagerly awaiting that one guy who does the complete breakdown of the promos, recaps and episode summary!
5491	Dove	2013-04-29	There's a blink-and-you'll-miss-it shot of what looks like Jojen convulsing or having a seizure or something. Jojen nooo
5492	Titan	2013-04-30	There's a blink-and-you'll-miss-it shot of what looks like Jojen convulsing or having a seizure or something. Jojen noooWell there is the ongoing thread in the books about how Jojen is weak and dying. Perhaps it will illustrate that.
5493	Archana The Brown Walker	2013-04-30	AFFC / ADWD sorylines will probably start by the end of season 4 ... so it isn't going to be THAT long.Also, they may prepone the theon chapters in ADWD in season 4 by couple of episodes, say by 4th or 5th episode we may see Reek in his full glory. So this season and start of next seaon, we will the transformation. The transformation itself is not going to happen overnight and will have to be shown in detail in order to make it believable. So it makes sense that they have started it already.
5494	Queen of Whores	2013-04-30	Am I the only person who found the events at Yunkai to be the most compelling moments of Dany's story?Nope, I agree. It really showed her wits and cunning the way she negotiates with the sellsword companies, and Mysha is just a fantastic climactic moment. Sure Astapor was cool and all, but it really wasn't that difficult to trick Kraznys and command 8000 soldiers to massacre some slavers. Yunkai was her finest point in the series to date, in my opinion.
5495	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Oh my, if Dany sits out this episode my non-book-friends will be pissed again. From what i got from the internet and my friends everybody expected her to finally attack Westeros and everybody is disgruntled by her having not enough screentime in their opinion.I wonder how they will react when they find out that she basicly does absolutly NOTHING for like 2-3 seasons or something besides having diarrhea and a weird puberty crush.Don't know about the Sandor thing, but they really shouldn't rush through Aryas story - what does she do after the Red Wedding?? The tavern incident?? Tickler is already dead and there is not much to cover between that and her arrival in Braavos. They need to make something up or fill in Bravoos stuff into season 4, which would make me wonder what they do with her when they cover book 4 and 5. WoW material??I'm totally hoping that in the show, Dany just raises Mereen to the ground. Fuck the mereenese knot, just head to Westeros already. Maybe stop off at Pentos to pick up Tyrion and whoever else decides to turn up.If they decide to keep Mereen, they better spice it up. I want to see more of the Harpy's, assasinations, murders, street battles, the whole shebang. Maybe even create a new character, a member of the rebel group who eventually joins Dany. Anything so that I dont have to see Dany giggling in the throne room, and sleeping with Daario for two seasons!I suppose Polliver could be the one Arya cuts to pieces
5496	Xanderpanda	2013-04-30	"Previouslys" for Episode 6 (the "Recap"):3. Melisandre: meets the BWB, learns about Thoros' resurrections of Beric (maybe this is the episode where she meets Gendry as well)Bryan confirmed in a comment on WIC that George wrote the scene with Mel and the brotherhood and his ep is 7 so we probably won't see her with them this ep unless its the episode closer having her find them.
5497	mystikherb	2013-04-30	*snort* ... I honestly doubt they will even have a "Reek" subplot, tbh. The specifics details surrounding Theon's psychological state after torture aren't actually THAT important. They could simply use "Boy" or some other aspect of psychological torment to show how broken he is. Perhaps it will be one of those things where they make some sort of Reek joke or pun as a nod to readers. I really disagree... I feel like the whole "Reek" thing is way too important to Theon's character to just leave out entirely.  I think an awesome way for them to handle this would be to have some sort of insinuation that Theon will be the next Reek by the end of this 3rd season.  Then they would leave him out for the majority of season 4.  Then after a good few episodes of four, Theon can be brought back in after allowing a little time to pass and from that point on he is already into the identity of Reek and from that point on his story from DWD can start to begin.
5498	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-30	Poor Theon:(
Tormund climbing the wall!! If they are staying true to the books he would just fling he member over the wall and use it as a grappling hook.
5499	Conchobar	2013-04-30	So...Will we still see the scene where Arya brutally stabs Polliver in some random tavern?
5500	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	"Give Robb Stark my regards""I will"Normally I'm basically an anti-purist showboy, but if they cut this, my wrath will follow.The Reek thing, I think there will just be a comment about how badly Theon smells, and from that point on Ramsay will force him to call himself Reek. That's what I think will happen. A monologue explaining his last Reek would be nice, but I think it's unlikely
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 04:07 AM.
5501	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	Ramsay will begin to torture Theon, but I suspect his identity as a Bolton will only be revealed at the end of the season.
5502	Arkash	2013-04-30	It sure will be Polliver (and other guys) Arya and Sandor will meet in the inn ! Polliver still has Needle ! 
I guess we will see Arya and the Hound make their way to the twins during episode 7 and 9 (maybe cut her out of episode 8). 
Then maybe (maybe) show her in episode 10 if they want to reassure the watchers that she is alive.
Then I would wager the Inn scene to be around episode 3 or 4 of season 4.
Her departure to Braavos in episode 7 of season 4.
Her arrival there in episode 9 of season 4.
5503	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-30	Normally I'm basically an anti-purist showboy, but if they cut this, my wrath will follow.It may not be next episode as Roose doesn't say it when having dinner with Jaime and Brienne. He says it a bit later when Jaime and him are on the road together. But yes, it had better be in at some point.
5504	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-30	I'm hoping they keep in the storyline about Roose marrying Fat Walda for her weight in silver.Oh dear! me too. Fat Walda is so funny.It's unfair if we don't get her or Lord Manderly. We already were denied Strong Belwas. Hot Pie is gone.Why do D & D cut our chubby characters???? They are all so great specially Lord Manderly!!!At least we have Sam.
5505	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-30	I'm 99 % sure that Lord Manderly will be portrayed in the series.
5506	King Tommen	2013-04-30	I'm 99 % sure that Lord Manderly will be portrayed in the series.Manderly's important to the later story as one of the only Northern allies (as well as someone who will continue Davos' story).  They would not be bothering to introduce Wendel Manderly as a redshirt bannerman to bite it at the RW this season unless they wanted to bring his father into the mix later on.As for whether they will have Arya's scene with Polliver, it will assuredly take place since he's got Needle.  But it probably will be held back until next season since they need to stretch out Arya's story somewhat before sending her to Braavos.
5507	King Tommen	2013-04-30	Also, as to what they will do with Arya in E10 after the RW, I think they'll make a point of showing her so that the audience doesn't have to wait a year to find out if she survived (it would be pretty hard to keep her presence in S4 a secret anyways).
My best guess for what they show is her on the run with the Hound and hunkering down for a rest where she will have her first wolf dream with Nymeria.  This will be the easiest way for the show to transition into the (I assume) final scene of the episode where Nymeria finds Cat's body in the river and we will then have the BwB arrive on the scene so that Beric can deliver the Kiss of Life with Cat's eye's flashing open as the last shot.
I have no evidence to this point that they will include this scene but I feel as sure about this being the scene to end the season as I did all through S2 with Three Blasts and the arrival of the White Walkers at the Fist being the capper.  It just makes too much sense.
5508	TheEvilKing	2013-04-30	I don't think The Hound is nabbing Arya until episode 8. I think they'll keep her around for Mel's visit. Also consider that they need to make Arya/Hound last all the way through next season. They're not going to squeeze one and a half seasons worth of material out of this pairing. They'll save filler "walking about" scenes for s4.
5509	Ser  Vogler	2013-04-30	My best guess for what they show is her on the run with the Hound and hunkering down for a rest where she will have her first wolf dream with Nymeria.  This will be the easiest way for the show to transition into the (I assume) final scene of the episode where Nymeria finds Cat's body in the river and we will then have the BwB arrive on the scene so that Beric can deliver the Kiss of Life with Cat's eye's flashing open as the last shot.Would love it that way!  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I do also agree on there is no need to let non-readers believing that Arya has been killed. Most would probably figure out them self..
5510	Xanderpanda	2013-04-30	Manderly's important to the later story as one of the only Northern allies (as well as someone who will continue Davos' story).  They would not be bothering to introduce Wendel Manderly as a redshirt bannerman to bite it at the RW this season unless they wanted to bring his father into the mix later on.I had totally forgotten they had cast Wendel. I wonder with the actor who played the Great Jon no longer around will Wendel be the one to shield Robb at the RW. It would make him more memorable and showcase the Manderly loyalty for the later storylines.
5511	JMJ	2013-04-30	Also, as to what they will do with Arya in E10 after the RW, I think they'll make a point of showing her so that the audience doesn't have to wait a year to find out if she survived (it would be pretty hard to keep her presence in S4 a secret anyways).My best guess for what they show is her on the run with the Hound and hunkering down for a rest where she will have her first wolf dream with Nymeria.  This will be the easiest way for the show to transition into the (I assume) final scene of the episode where Nymeria finds Cat's body in the river and we will then have the BwB arrive on the scene so that Beric can deliver the Kiss of Life with Cat's eye's flashing open as the last shot.I have no evidence to this point that they will include this scene but I feel as sure about this being the scene to end the season as I did all through S2 with Three Blasts and the arrival of the White Walkers at the Fist being the capper.  It just makes too much sense.That would be very nice. I had thought the siege of Castle Black was going to be the finale, with a "cliffhanger" before Stannis arrives to save the day. But that would IMO seem a bit too much like the Blackwater ending, substituting Stannis for Tywin (a bit full circle,though).
5512	Tyrion4President	2013-04-30	Oh my, if Dany sits out this episode my non-book-friends will be pissed again. From what i got from the internet and my friends everybody expected her to finally attack Westeros and everybody is disgruntled by her having not enough screentime in their opinion.I wonder how they will react when they find out that she basicly does absolutly NOTHING for like 2-3 seasons or something besides having diarrhea and a weird puberty crush.Don't know about the Sandor thing, but they really shouldn't rush through Aryas story - what does she do after the Red Wedding?? The tavern incident?? Tickler is already dead and there is not much to cover between that and her arrival in Braavos. They need to make something up or fill in Bravoos stuff into season 4, which would make me wonder what they do with her when they cover book 4 and 5. WoW material??They will prob have alot of quiet convos between arya and the hound next to camp fires for the rest of the season
5513	King Tommen	2013-04-30	That would be very nice. I had thought the siege of Castle Black was going to be the finale, with a "cliffhanger" before Stannis arrives to save the day. But that would IMO seem a bit too much like the Blackwater ending, substituting Stannis for Tywin (a bit full circle,though).I think that the battle for Castle Black will be a centrepiece of S4 (D&D have already said it will be a larger endeavor than Blackwater) so I think Jon's story this season probably ends with him returning to Castle Black in time to see the armies amassing in preparation for the battle.  I'm still not sure how they will depict what happens with the Wildling group he's with South of the Wall.  They will definitely have him escaping from Queenscrown but I'm not sure if they'll have a follow-up where they have to fight them off at Castle Black.  There are shots in trailers of Jon looking up at what is assumed to be Orell's eagle coming down to attack him but I'm not sure where this is taking place.  I'm also assuming that Ygritte  (and Orell) will die in the finale but they could do this in a number of ways.  I also think that Tormund will find a way to escape this battle and get back over the Wall (either by scaling it the way they came) or by using the secret tunnels the NW use at Castle Black.  The battle there I believe will be not nearly at the same scale as it was in the books because I think they're going to leave the big stuff there for the following season.Regardless, those events would be exciting but not really in the "cliffhanger to end your season on" category.  The final scene in both seasons has been supernatural in nature and leaves you wanting more.  The battle at Castle Black doesn't really qualify.  It would be the end of Jon's arc for the season though.
5514	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-30	It sure will be Polliver (and other guys) Arya and Sandor will meet in the inn ! Polliver still has Needle ! I guess we will see Arya and the Hound make their way to the twins during episode 7 and 9 (maybe cut her out of episode 8). Then maybe (maybe) show her in episode 10 if they want to reassure the watchers that she is alive.Then I would wager the Inn scene to be around episode 3 or 4 of season 4.Her departure to Braavos in episode 7 of season 4.Her arrival there in episode 9 of season 4.This is very unlikely. A lot of people seem to have the idea that the show will simply plow forward into the AFfC & ADwD material next season, and totally ignore all semblance of dramatic structure in a narrative. I'd be willing to bet that nearly every 'established' character besides Bran and Brienne will end next season approximately where they did in ASoS. The endings provided in that book are nearly perfect for ending a season of television, and won't be discarded. If that means that certain characters have to have their arcs supplemented with original material, or material transposed from either an earlier book or a later book, so be it. It's not as if there isn't - by and large - enough story remaining in ASoS to mostly fill out a very satisfying season of television. And in addition to that material, there will also be the chronologically relevant material from AFfC in season four (the Kingsmoot, in particular). I'm still not sure to what extent the Dornish characters will be introduced next season (I believe they'll end up saving Sunspear for the fifth season, and will have Arianna [at least] accompany Oberyn to King's Landing), however. And logistically, it doesn't really make sense to push forward in such a way, either. Take your example with Arya... Would it really be worthwhile to spend the money to have someone design and partially build a set (real and/or digital) for Braavos, when that location will only appear in one or two episodes of the season? It would make more sense to end her story with her decision to leave Westeros, and at the most ending with a far shot of the city while Arya is still on the boat.I think they'll take their time with the remaining events of ASoS, for the most part. They've got to realize what a challenge adapting the two latest books into one (maybe two) seasons of quality television is going to be, so why would they complicate their job further by abandoning predetermined beginnings and endings for their characters (again; roughly)? Especially when those endings are so damned good.
5515	Breaking Bronn	2013-04-30	Riverlands - Mel meets BWB. Hound kidnaps Arya.
Bran - Jojen and Osha appear in trailer. Hopefully they flesh out Meera.
Theon - Some torture sexposition.
Robb - Meets with Freys.
Jaime - Dinner with Roose.
Jon - The Climb.
King's Landing - Tywin/Olenna. Varys/LF.
Sam - He appears in the recap, so... possible Slayer scene?
Dany and Dragonstone excluded.
5516	ebevan91	2013-04-30	Are we ever going to meet Wendel Manderly?
The casting said that he'd appear in episode 4 or 5 this season, but he wasn't in either. Maybe his introduction is one of the scenes that got moved around? Hopefully we meet him in episode 6 so that his character can built up for the RW. Also it would give us a nice introduction to House Manderly.
5517	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-30	Anguy is going to be killed by Sandor...Agreed, or at least get wounded. In the trailers, there is a recurring shot of an angry hound swinging his sword, in day time, in a wood just like the one seen in this promo. I imagine at least one member of the BwB will be on the receiving end.
5518	BananaSpice	2013-04-30	Theon - Some torture sexposition.x__x lol
5519	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-30	I'm looking forward to some more Ramsay and Theon
5520	Logodnica	2013-04-30	I have a feeling this will happen too...Maybe he's just having a particularly disturbing prophetic dream.... Like a man with a wolf's head sewn on top?? ...
5521	Logodnica	2013-04-30	I don't think The Hound is nabbing Arya until episode 8. I think they'll keep her around for Mel's visit. Also consider that they need to make Arya/Hound last all the way through next season. They're not going to squeeze one and a half seasons worth of material out of this pairing. They'll save filler "walking about" scenes for s4.Halfway through S4 she'll be on a boat to Braavos and she will train for 1.5 seasons, then in the last 2 episodes of S5 we'll see what the next step is. That will include part of WoW.
5522	JMJ	2013-04-30	I think that the battle for Castle Black will be a centrepiece of S4 (D&D have already said it will be a larger endeavor than Blackwater) so I think Jon's story this season probably ends with him returning to Castle Black in time to see the armies amassing in preparation for the battle.  I'm still not sure how they will depict what happens with the Wildling group he's with South of the Wall.  They will definitely have him escaping from Queenscrown but I'm not sure if they'll have a follow-up where they have to fight them off at Castle Black.  There are shots in trailers of Jon looking up at what is assumed to be Orell's eagle coming down to attack him but I'm not sure where this is taking place.  I'm also assuming that Ygritte  (and Orell) will die in the finale but they could do this in a number of ways.  I also think that Tormund will find a way to escape this battle and get back over the Wall (either by scaling it the way they came) or by using the secret tunnels the NW use at Castle Black.  The battle there I believe will be not nearly at the same scale as it was in the books because I think they're going to leave the big stuff there for the following season.Seems like a reasonable prediction. If I read you correctly, you are predicting that the first CB skirmish (in which Ygritte dies in the books) may be siginificantly changed. In terms of TV exposition, I wonder if it would take too much time to show how Tormund gets back over the wall. They may very well just have him captured and sit out the Battle at Castle Black.
5523	Arkash	2013-04-30	Really curious to see what will happen of Tormund ! 
As for Orell, I think he's a goner this season...
From the promo, there is this shot at Queescrown, under the rain, falling down on Jon as he watches up... I'm ready to bet it is the eagle attack. And we have seen Kit Harrington with face scars during interviews ! 
But I could be wrong about Orell dying this season and maybe he'll die alongside Ygritte at the first battle of CB if there is one... and maybe he'll die alongside his eagle, killed by Melissandre during the big battle.
5524	King Tommen	2013-04-30	Seems like a reasonable prediction. If I read you correctly, you are predicting that the first CB skirmish (in which Ygritte dies in the books) may be siginificantly changed. In terms of TV exposition, I wonder if it would take too much time to show how Tormund gets back over the wall. They may very well just have him captured and sit out the Battle at Castle Black.I'm really not sure how they would dramatize the skirmish with the Wildlings with Jon south of the Wall.  I am certain it's not going to be the scale that's depicted in the books and I'm not even sure it will take place at Castle Black.  Orell is more or less taking the place of the Magnar of Thenn (just with Varamyr's warging abilities included) and he'll be positioned as Jon's main antagonist.  I'm sure the eagle attack on Jon will happen in the climax of his story this season (which I don't think is Queenscrown, that's earlier) and I think that's where Jon will kill Orell.  How Ygritte would die if it's not attacking Castle Black, I'm not sure.  I don't think they'd have Jon kill her.  So it's probable that there is some kind of encounter between everyone when Jon has reinforcements which would have to be Castle Black.As far as Tormund goes, I could see them leaving his fate a mystery until the following season, where it's shown how he was able to get back to the Wildling camp with Mance.  Or, as someone else has mentioned, they could have him captured and hanging around in the cells in Castle Black next season until Jon takes over and ends up releasing him in order to convince the Wildlings to come over peacefully.  It could allow him to have more screentime and the ability to interact with Jon occasionally too.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 30 April 2013 - 05:59 PM.
5525	Jolene Brown	2013-04-30	It may not be next episode as Roose doesn't say it when having dinner with Jaime and Brienne. He says it a bit later when Jaime and him are on the road together. But yes, it had better be in at some point.Not accurate.  Roose says it when Jaime is leaving with Steelshanks Walton to be escorted back to King's Landing.  At that point (or close to it), Roose is also leaving separately with his own men to the Twins for the RW.  They are never on the road together. I hate that this exchange & the dinner scene makes some book readers argue that Jaime was "in" on the RW, so part of me wishes they would leave it out, as a Jaime fangirl.  However, it is probably important to his future storyline with Brienne and Lady Stoneheart, so I bet they'll leave it in.
5526	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	Btw, anyone else reckon that Sam will stab a walker this episode?My opinion was that Rast would take the role of Small Paul. So he gets killed at the mutiny and comes back for Sam, like he said he would.As for jojenseizure, it could be that they're moving up Bran's humanwarging. And instead of having him do it to Hodor, they're having him do it to Jojen so Jojen can tell him it's an abomination
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 01 May 2013 - 12:22 AM.
5527	Spilly	2013-05-01	Jon and the Wildings scale the wall, Arya goes with the Hound, and Edmure will be promised to a Frey. This episode is a major setup for the following climatic episodes me thinks.
5528	Conchobar	2013-05-01	Agreed, or at least get wounded. In the trailers, there is a recurring shot of an angry hound swinging his sword, in day time, in a wood just like the one seen in this promo. I imagine at least one member of the BwB will be on the receiving end.Found it!I am pretty sure Anguy didn't die in the books, but they have been building up his and the Hound's relationship quite a bit.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 01 May 2013 - 06:46 AM.
5529	Arkash	2013-05-01	Yeah, the Hound and Anguy seem to have a "relationship" build over the past episodes ! 
I expect a : "There you go, archer ! Will those arrows save your arse now ?"
5530	Conchobar	2013-05-01	I imagine it will be quit an intimate killing, where he looks straight into Anguy's face while he kills him. Also they seem to have built up the Hound's hate for archers, remember at the Blackwater when he threatened that archer? I think I am almost certain he is going to kill Anguy, and I really like Anguy.
5531	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	I imagine it will be quit an intimate killing, where he looks straight into Anguy's face while he kills him. Also they seem to have built up the Hound's hate for archers, remember at the Blackwater when he threatened that archer? I think I am almost certain he is going to kill Anguy, and I really like Anguy.That has to do with his hatred for fire. It was subtle.
5532	SoManyVows	2013-05-01	As always, some great speculation going on about what we know and what we think will happen this week. Enjoyable reading, guys!My thoughts:King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing:Synopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Olenna snapping Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s quill in half. Varys and Littlefinger circling one another.Recap Video: Tywin ordering Tyrion and Cersei to marry Sansa and Loras, respectively.Speculation: Littlefinger will speak with Varys in the throne room and we<U+0080><U+0099>ll get what<U+0080><U+0099>s sure to be a gem of a scene where the two deconstruct one another<U+0080><U+0099>s machinations and snipe at one another in their typical loving manner. In keeping with the title of the episode, this seems a prime opportunity for Littlefinger to deliver his <U+0080><U+009C>Chaos is a ladder <U+0080> the climb is all there is,<U+0080><U+009D> speech that ran in one of the previews. Then he<U+0080><U+0099>ll (finally) leave for the Eyrie.In another scene that<U+0080><U+0099>s certain to be stellar, Tywin will sit down with Olenna for the scene that we saw in the New Characters video (Tywin: <U+0080><U+009C>I don<U+0080><U+0099>t care what other people think <U+0080><U+0093> and neither do you.<U+0080><U+009D>/Olenna: <U+0080><U+009D>As an authority on myself, I have to disagree.<U+0080><U+009D>) He<U+0080><U+0099>ll declare his intentions to marry off Tyrion and Sansa (thus putting Olenna in at a rare disadvantage) before offering up Cersei as a bride for Loras. What will be interesting is to see how Olenna responds. In the books, she<U+0080><U+0099>s the one who torpedoes the proposed Cersei/Willas union after Mace is receptive to it. Since Mace isn<U+0080><U+0099>t a factor here, it remains to be seen if Olenna refuses the Cersei/Loras match outright or if she decides to play along.I expect that Cersei and Loras will be betrothed, if only for a short time. It would provide context for the scene where Loras storms away from Margaery and Olenna at the dinner table. Furthermore, Lena Headey mentioned in an interview with EW (link: http://insidetv.ew.c...es-lena-headey/) that Cersei and Tyrion find a kind of common ground this season, likely do to their shared misery at being forced to marry people that they don<U+0080><U+0099>t want to marry. Therefore, another strong candidate scene for this episode is the conversation between Cersei and Tyrion that was glimpsed in the trailers.Tyrion: <U+0080><U+009C>How long does it go on?<U+0080><U+009D>Cersei: <U+0080><U+009C>Until we<U+0080><U+0099>ve dealt with all of our enemies.<U+0080><U+009D>Tyrion (bitterly): <U+0080><U+009C>Seven kingdoms united in fear of Tywin Lannister.<U+0080><U+009D>As for how this whole mess will resolve, we<U+0080><U+0099>ll have to wait a week. Given the episode 7 synopsis (<U+0080>Tywin counsels the king<U+0080><U+0099>), I strongly suspect that either Margaery or Cersei will lean on Joffrey to appoint Loras to the kingsguard next week, thus screwing up Tywin's strategy and giving him even more incentive to chastise his impetuous grandson.Finally, as Newstar mentioned, Sansa shows up in a promotional still this episode, so she<U+0080><U+0099>ll probably learn that Loras is off the table and Tyrion has taken his place. Cue her expected dismay. She runs to try and find Littlefinger before he leaves, but it's too late.Jaime and BrienneSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Jaime and Brienne having dinner with the Leech Lord. Brienne reaches for a knife, Jaime stays her hand.Recap Video: Locke presents Jaime and Brienne to Roose. Roose tells his men to find rooms for their <U+0080>guests<U+0080><U+0099>.Speculation: Roose Bolton hosts Jaime and Brienne for dinner, and we start to get the first hints at his traitorous intentions. This scene will likely be lifted directly from the book, with a few minor alterations (it looks like they<U+0080><U+0099>re giving the whole <U+0080>knife through the eye<U+0080><U+0099> threat to Brienne rather than Jaime, which somewhat fits with her more aggressive demeanor in the show). Given that the showed Roose and Karstark together back in the first episode, I wonder if we<U+0080><U+0099>ll get a scene before the dinner where Roose learns of Karstark<U+0080><U+0099>s execution, or if he<U+0080><U+0099>ll just drop that knowledge during the dinner itself.After Bolton gets assurances from Jaime that he won<U+0080><U+0099>t be held responsible for Locke<U+0080><U+0099>s actions by Tywin, he decides to let Jaime continue on to King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing (Jaime won<U+0080><U+0099>t actually depart until next week, however). Brienne is informed that she will remain behind as Locke<U+0080><U+0099>s <U+0080>prize<U+0080><U+0099>.Jon and the WildlingsSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Jon and Ygritte stare up at the Wall. Tormund counsels Jon about how to approach the climb. Jon and the Wildlings scaling the Wall.Recap Video: Orell and Tormund pressing Jon for information about the Night<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch.Speculation: In the New Character video both Kristofer Hivju and Kit Harrington hint at the growing level of friendliness and respect between Tormund and Jon. Having Tormund give Jon a pre-climb pep talk will be a good way to illustrate that relationship. Ygritte and Jon will have a little post-coital flirting, and Orell will continue to be openly suspicious.As per the title (and to the surprise of absolutely no one), Jon and the Wildlings will then scale the wall.Robb and CatelynSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Robb treating with Lame Lothar and Black Walder.Recap Video: Robb executing Karstark, then forming the plan to win back the Freys and attack Casterly Rock.Speculation: The first scene will probably be Robb reconciling with Catelyn to a small degree and filling her in on his new strategy. This scene was featured in the pre-season trailers. (Robb: <U+0080><U+009C>Take his home, take his gold, take his power. If we don<U+0080><U+0099>t do this and do it now, we<U+0080><U+0099>re lost.<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn: <U+0080><U+009C>Show them how it feels to lose what they love.<U+0080><U+009D>) Then Robb will parley with the Freys and hear the proposed terms for their reconciliation. The final scene with this group of characters will likely be Robb, Catelyn, and the Blackfish press-ganging Edmure into marrying the Frey girl <U+0080>as amends<U+0080><U+0099> in order to secure the alliance.Arya, the Hound, Melisandre, and the BWBSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Melisandre visits the Riverlands.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Beric in the cave (sans eyepatch). Arya practicing archery in the woods with Anguy, then warning him <U+0080><U+009C>There<U+0080><U+0099>s someone out there.<U+0080><U+009D>Recap Video: The Hound defeats Beric in the trial by combat. Thoros resurrects Beric for the sixth time.Speculation: Melisandre shows up to parley with the Brotherhood. We<U+0080><U+0099>ll get the scene from the New Character video where Melisandre examines Beric<U+0080><U+0099>s scars, then glances over at Thoros with a look on her face that says <U+0080><U+009C>What the hell have you done?<U+0080><U+009D> This will probably be bracketed around a discussion between the two Red Priests and their differences in philosophy concerning service to R<U+0080><U+0099>hllor. It remains to be seen how Melisandre approaches her objective of collecting Gendry. Does she openly ask the Brotherhood to hand him over? Does she approach him directly and entice him to join her? Or does she steal him away through trickery? That may not come a head in this episode - we know from the synopsis for <U+0080><U+009C>The Bear and the Maiden Fair<U+0080><U+009D> that Melisandre will reveal Gendry<U+0080><U+0099>s royal parentage to him next week (and judging by the trailers, she<U+0080><U+0099>ll be revealing a lot more than that). /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />As for Arya, there<U+0080><U+0099>s no indication that she<U+0080><U+0099>s present at the cave when Melisandre shows up (and she already more-or-less said goodbye to Gendry last week). So maybe Beric and Thoros entrusted Anguy to bring her to Riverrun and ransom her. While they<U+0080><U+0099>re off in the woods, the Hound attacks. I agree with what Cellio, Rabid Grunt, and several others on this topic have been discussing<U+0080><U+0093> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a good bet that they<U+0080><U+0099>ll pay it off the antagonism that they<U+0080><U+0099>ve built up between Anguy and the Hound by having the Hound either kill or seriously injure Anguy before he captures Arya.TheonSynopsis: NothingPromo: Ramsay torturing Theon and having quite a bit of fun doing so. <U+0080><U+009C>If you think that this story has a happy ending, then you haven<U+0080><U+0099>t been paying attention.<U+0080><U+009D>Recap Video: Ramsay tricking Theon back into his cell.Speculation: Clearly, Theon is going to be checking in to a world of pain this week. The flaying will start. Would they go so far as to depict what most readers have inferred <U+0080><U+0093> that Ramsay castrates Theon as well? I wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t put it past the writers, but we<U+0080><U+0099>ll see.It<U+0080><U+0099>ll be interesting to see what if anything Ramsay reveals about himself during these scenes. Given that the Jaime/Brienne/Roose storyline will end with Roose deciding to let Jaime go, it<U+0080><U+0099>ll become clear to the non-readers this week that the Boltons are serious players worth keeping an eye on. Could the writers time that development to coincide with the reveal of Ramsay<U+0080><U+0099>s true identity, or will they save that for later in the season and pair it with Roose's final betrayal? I honestly have no idea.Stannis and DavosSynopsis: NothingPromo: Nothing.Recap Video: Stannis seeing Melisandre off as she leaves for the mainland.Speculation: Stannis and Davos won<U+0080><U+0099>t appear this week. Stannis<U+0080><U+0099>s presence in the recap video is likely incidental to reminding us what Melisandre is up to.Sam and GillySynopsis: Nothing.Promo: Nothing.Recap Video: The Mutiny at Craster<U+0080><U+0099>s Keep. Sam and Gilly fleeing into the woods.Speculation: Not really sure what to expect here. Maybe we finally see Sam the Slayer (though there was no hint of the White Walker in the promos for this week) or maybe Sam and Gilly are stalked by Rast and the mutineers. There<U+0080><U+0099>s a possibility that these events could be folded together somehow <U+0080><U+0093> say Rast hunts Sam and Gilly, the White Walker kills Rast, and then Sam kills the White Walker? Or it could just be Sam and Gilly acting scared and angsty together in the woods and exchanging awkward flirtations. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t really know how they<U+0080><U+0099>ll pace this story out until Coldhands shows up in Episode 8.The big argument against the Slayer scene happening this week is that I'm almost positive that the people who make the recap video would go out their way to remind us about Sam, Grenn, and Edd finding the obisidian daggers last season. That's the kind of quick, out-of-place scene that you can't expect the casual viewing audience and non-readers will remember.Bran and the ReedsSynopsis: Nothing.Promo: Jojen having some kind of epileptic seizure while Meera cradles his head. Osha and Hodor make an appearance.Recap Video: Bran and Jojen discuss the Three-eyed Raven and the Greensight.Speculation: Same drill as last week. At some point they need to start fleshing out the Reeds as characters rather than just having Bran chase the Three-Eyed Raven across the dreamscape with Jojen as his spirit guide. That will probably happen this week. Jojen having a seizure fits with his previously-discussed frailty and should give Meera some nice, protective material to play.DaenerysSynopsis: NothingPromo: NothingRecap Video: NothingSpeculation: Dany will not be in this episode. In the interview with Bryan Cogman that ran over on WinterIsComing.net  (link: http://winteriscomin...d-renlys-peach/), Cogman mentioned that the scenes with Daenerys that ran in Episode 5 were originally scripted by Benioff and Weiss for Episode 6, only to get moved forward into Episode 5 during pre-production. Now that Dany has had her facetime with Grey Worm, there really isn<U+0080><U+0099>t anything for her to do until she shows up at Yunkai in Episode 7, as per the synopsis for <U+0080>The Bear and the Maiden Fair<U+0080><U+0099>.
					
					
							Edited by SoManyVows, 01 May 2013 - 10:34 AM.
5533	Arkash	2013-05-01	Speculation: Not really sure what to expect here. Maybe we finally see Sam the Slayer (though there was no hint of the White Walker in the promos for this week) or maybe Sam and Gilly are stalked by Rast and the mutineers. There<U+0080><U+0099>s a possibility that these events could be folded together somehow <U+0080><U+0093> say Rast hunts Sam and Gilly, the White Walker kills Rast, and then Sam kills the White Walker? Or it could just be Sam and Gilly acting scared and angsty together in the woods and exchanging awkward flirtations. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t really know how they<U+0080><U+0099>ll pace this story out until Coldhands shows up in Episode 8.IIRC, the actor playing the WW appears in a Michelle McLarren episode, so Slayer scene in episode 7 or 8 (I'd bet 7) : so I guess episode 6 will just see them wandering in the woods, cold and starving and maybe arriving at a deserted town (White Tree ?).
5534	The Monkey	2013-05-01	It sure will be Polliver (and other guys) Arya and Sandor will meet in the inn ! Polliver still has Needle !I guess we will see Arya and the Hound make their way to the twins during episode 7 and 9 (maybe cut her out of episode 8).Then maybe (maybe) show her in episode 10 if they want to reassure the watchers that she is alive.Then I would wager the Inn scene to be around episode 3 or 4 of season 4.Her departure to Braavos in episode 7 of season 4.Her arrival there in episode 9 of season 4.It wouldn't be a huge deal if Arya left for Braavos in the beginning of season 4. Once she's in Braavos they can just invent scenes as they like to fill out time. It's an entirely new city-state and a new culture to explore, and the more time spend there the better. Bran's story is gonna be a fucking nightmare after this season though, seeing as how he only got a couple of people to interact with and thus inventing scenes for him will be a pain in the ass.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 01 May 2013 - 10:46 AM.
5535	Arkash	2013-05-01	As for Bran, I'm quite sure they'll fill the seasons with backstory and exposition (Rhaegar, Rebellion, etc...) until he meets Bloodraven by the end of season 4 (I could see Bran's finale in season 4 be his meeting with him).
5536	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	As for Bran, I'm quite sure they'll fill the seasons with backstory and exposition (Rhaegar, Rebellion, etc...) until he meets Bloodraven by the end of season 4 (I could see Bran's finale in season 4 be his meeting with him).So Bran basically becomes an infodump? Hmm, suppose it's a good idea given the lack of options. Though I can imagine that he'll quickly become the least favorite character for non-book readers. Hell, he probably is the most boring PoV in the books too.ETA: Spelling
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 01 May 2013 - 10:59 AM.
5537	JonDunn	2013-05-01	well he kind of serves as an infodump character in the books too.  But Meera, Jojen, and Osha are all strong characters and can keep the Bran scenes interesting (Hodor too of course)
I really hope we get some infodump scenes and not just the prophetic dreams.
5538	Arkash	2013-05-01	Me too, I look forward to see him eventually become an infodump character... It will please the die-hard fans like us who are eager for the show to emphasis the history... and some die-hard Unsullied might appreciate it too... it will not work on the casual viewer though...
As for Osha, well, I can see her and Rickon depart from their little gang once they learn the Reeds want to take Bran beyond the Wall !
Heck, we might even get a Theon treatment for Osha and Rickon : fill season 4 and 5 with elements from TWoW...
5539	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Heck, we might even get a Theon treatment for Osha and Rickon : fill season 4 and 5 with elements from TWoW...I actually would like this. The rise of Rickon, Wolf-King of Skagos!
5540	Arkash	2013-05-01	And it would be an interesting thing for us to discover a (small) story in the show before we discover it in the books ! 
I dont think I could bear discovering the massive story first in the show but for a small portion of it, the Rickon - Osha one, I'd be interested and glad to get it first in the show !
5541	Dysun	2013-05-01	Hell, he probably is the most boring PoV in the books too.WatBran's sparse chapters in ADWD were the most intriguing parts of the entire book if not series
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 01 May 2013 - 01:58 PM.
5542	Arkash	2013-05-01	I wouldnt call it most intriguing but intriguing by its differences... Just like Jon and Dany were damn separated from the main story so far (until Stannis arrived at the Wall and the whole Bolton-affair for Jon and Tyrion, Quentyn, Barristan and co arriving at Meereen for Dany), Bran's story is now the outside story, so it is really intriguing in this way.
5543	JonDunn	2013-05-01	Bran's chapters in ADWD were indeed fascinating, but I think most people are talking pre-ADWD when they say Bran's chapters are boring.  Personally I love all the history of Westeros stuff we get in his chapters.
5544	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	WatBran's sparse chapters in ADWD were the most intriguing parts of the entire book if not seriesYeah, I should have been more specific. I meant Bran pre-DwD, his DwD material is breath of fresh air after all those Dany and Tyrion chapters. I think he was certainly the most boring POV in SoS, and probably GoT.
5545	Dysun	2013-05-01	Touche then, I can agree with you that what preceded wasn't the best
His ADWD chapters are the biggest highlight of Martin's work since ASoS imo
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 01 May 2013 - 03:56 PM.
5546	Calidad	2013-05-01	I actually found Bran's arc in the books to be rather disappointing. The whole turn in to the tree thing was underwhelming, and I actually felt it seemed a little out of place. 
I think his arc will be incredibly hard to adapt to TV. By that, I mean good tv.
5547	Father of Dragons	2013-05-01	My assumptions:
-Jaime & Brienne with Roose - I doubt Jaime'll be leaving this episode
-Melisandre returns -likely that "someone out there" Arya mentioned - she'll see what Thoros has done to Beric
-Robb and the Freys arrange a wedding
-Tywin/Olenna meeting
-Littlefinger and Varys
-Theon getting tortured ... AGAIN - I doubt Ramsay'll reveal himself this episode
-Jojen having a somewhat disturbing dream, or getting woken up from one
Hmm .. What else ..?
Oh yeah
-JON AND THE WILDLINGS SCALING THE WALL
					
					
							Edited by Father of Dragons, 01 May 2013 - 04:40 PM.
5548	Farrellus	2013-05-01	I don't think they will show Roose letting Jaime go just yet because I think they are trying to hide Roose's eventual betrayal as a major surprise for Episode 9, or at least keep it hidden for a couple more episodes. That's also the reason they've hidden the identify of Ramsey as Theon's torturer, because it might tip the viewers off that the Boltons are doing shady things behind Robb's back. Maybe Roose will send Jamie off with some of his men (and Qyburn) and it will look like they are taking Jaime to Riverrun, but instead are going to King's Landing. But since the bear pit fight seems intended for Episode 7, Jaime probably won't leave Harrenhal till then since it would make sense to have his departure and return to save Brienne occur in the same episode.
With Arya, I think she will just be travelling with the Brotherhood as they head towards Riverrun to ransom her off to Robb. Probably see some of the devastation the war has wrought on the common folk.
5549	go joff go	2013-05-01	I don't remember the book very well so I'm curious to see how Roose lets Jaimie go without it seeming traitorous.
5550	JonDunn	2013-05-01	I don't remember the book very well so I'm curious to see how Roose lets Jaimie go without it seeming traitorous.Yeah this.
5551	HomeGrownCrown	2013-05-01	Roose seems fond of Brienne, maybe between Brienne and Jaime they manage to convince him that Cat's intentions were for the benefit of the Stark girls?
It's a stretch, I know.
5552	Fuse Prime	2013-05-01	Jamie may be let go towards the end, before the climb perhaps.  If Roose doesn't let Jamie go in this episode, then it will definitely be the the beginning of The Bear and The Maiden Fair.  I would ASSUME, that is the fight between Brienne the Beauty and the bear, also from my guesstimation, Second Sons will probably Dany-heavy since she hasn't been prominent (Excluding the fantastic Dracarys scene) this season.
5553	Jolene Brown	2013-05-02	In the book, as I remember it (although again I knew the RW was coming, but not its exact details, so I can't remember what I knew about Roose's role), it seemed like he was hedging his bets, keeping his options open - currying favor with Tywin, just in case.  So you get the sense that he's not a diehard Stark loyalist but you don't see the degree of his treachery coming, as I remember it.  I think they can play it that way in the show as well.  Not a traitor, but he's not going to go down with the ship either.  It makes sense to me.  It's a far cry from making a hostage trade a bit against Robb's wishes to get on Tywin's good side to what he actually does at the RW.
5554	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-02	I'm really looking forward to seeing the Olenna/Tywin scene in this episode. Oh, and I think this will be the episode where Melisandre meets the BWB.
5555	Ours if the Fury	2013-05-02	Jon and the wildlings climb the wallSandor captures aryaSansa and tyrion's wedding is plannedRobb meets freysJamie talks to roose boltonI don't think little finger will leave for eyrie yet because the purple wedding hasn't happened !!
5556	Arkash	2013-05-02	But we know Lysa Arryn and SweetRobin appear this season.
I think Littlefinger will leave for the Eyrie, we will see the Grey Wedding this season, and then, him having to come back for the Purple one by the end of the season, promising his "beloved" Lysa (who will not want to leave the Eyrie) that he'll come back soon after.
5557	Joyful Union	2013-05-02	Wait, why is it called the Grey Wedding?
Otherwise I agree. I'm still on the fence as to whether the PW is this season though, I'm leaning more towards it happening next season, in GRRM's episode, which is the second.
5558	Arkash	2013-05-02	Because every Wedding in Asoiaf gets hitself a color given by the fans (wonder if one has been given to Dany and Hizdar's).
5559	Joyful Union	2013-05-02	No I meant, is there any particular reason it's called the Grey Wedding?
5560	Rashtibram	2013-05-02	I doubt Sandor will appear. This seems to be the episode where Mel turns up at the BwB to nab Gendry.Judging by the recap, that could be true, but at the end of the preview arya says 'there's someone out there' and shoots with her arrow. who else could this be but the hound?
5561	Arkash	2013-05-02	I can see the episode ending with Arya being taken by the Hound.
5562	Necromancer	2013-05-02	Anyone have any idea why Jojen is having a fit? Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think that happened in the book.
5563	Arkash	2013-05-02	Maybe Bran trying to warg him.
5564	The Flaying Man	2013-05-02	I think the sequence of Arya saying "There's someone out there" and then shooting an arrow is simply clever editing. We saw this back in season 2 where a preview made it look as if Ygritte attacked Jon, when in reality what happened was she was slapping his head with Longclaw. Most likely, Anguy is showing her a few tricks and she's practicing her bowmanship skills. That's when we get the shot of her loosing an arrow. Then, while she's practicing  she says the line, but doesn't necessarily have to fire at them!
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 02 May 2013 - 08:33 AM.
5565	ebevan91	2013-05-02	I think the sequence of Arya saying "There's someone out there" and then shooting an arrow is simply clever editing. We saw this back in season 2 where a preview made it look as if Ygritte attacked Jon, when in reality what happened was she was slapping his head with Longclaw. Most likely, Anguy is showing her a few tricks and she's practicing her bowmanship skills. That's when we get the shot of her loosing an arrow. Then, while she's practicing  she says the line, but doesn't necessarily have to fire at them!That shot of Bran in the season 3 trailer made it look like he was firing an arrow at someone but it was just a raven in a dream. It's all clever editing.
5566	The Flaying Man	2013-05-02	That shot of Bran in the season 3 trailer made it look like he was firing an arrow at someone but it was just a raven in a dream. It's all clever editing.Exactly.
5567	Versiroth	2013-05-02	I wish they'd have Ramsey start calling Theon "Reek".  Maybe he could comment on the fact that Theon does Reek and then tells him that Reeks his new name.   Theon, of course would fight it at first, but eventually start referring to himself as Reek too.  They could even have him mumble the rhymes incoherently later on in the series.
Also, I will say, I'm very happy to finally get in more Jon Snow time this episode.   He's my favorite character in the books and his whole story hasn't gotten much time (then again, what has, haha).   I wish they'd have flashes of the Halfhand telling him "You must not balk...  you must do what they ask and learn what you can".   Maybe even in a dream or something.   Just to remind the viewers that he's playing double agent.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 02 May 2013 - 10:19 AM.
5568	pntrlqst	2013-05-02	Judging by the recap, that could be true, but at the end of the preview arya says 'there's someone out there' and shoots with her arrow. who else could this be but the hound?Melisandre.
5569	shiola	2013-05-02	It's been a while since we've seen Shae-- I'd imagine we need to see a bit of that fall out as well
5570	Talbot	2013-05-02	I expect Tyrion to tell Shae that he's betrothed to Sansa, planting seeds for next season
5571	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	She's probably going to accuse him of asking for it, what with their stupid conversation earlier. Where she got all mad that he said she was beautiful.
5572	King of the Road	2013-05-02	Can't wait for more Theon/Ramsay scenes, they've been fantastic this season.
The conversation between Jaime and Roose should be good as well. I enjoyed seeing Roose in a more commanding position last week and they will hopefully build upon that.
5573	Nezzer	2013-05-02	I think the sequence of Arya saying "There's someone out there" and then shooting an arrow is simply clever editing. We saw this back in season 2 where a preview made it look as if Ygritte attacked Jon, when in reality what happened was she was slapping his head with Longclaw. Most likely, Anguy is showing her a few tricks and she's practicing her bowmanship skills. That's when we get the shot of her loosing an arrow. Then, while she's practicing  she says the line, but doesn't necessarily have to fire at them!Yeah, HBO loves trolling the non-readers in the previews. In last episode's preview they made it look like Robb was going to execute Jaime.
5574	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-02	I wish they'd have Ramsey start calling Theon "Reek".  Maybe he could comment on the fact that Theon does Reek and then tells him that Reeks his new name.   Theon, of course would fight it at first, but eventually start referring to himself as Reek too.  They could even have him mumble the rhymes incoherently later on in the series.I wondering of HBO will drop the Reek part and opt for "boy" instead!Ramsay says to Theon - "your my BOY now BOY"Just a thought
5575	Fuse Prime	2013-05-02	Reek, Reek.  Rhymes with sneak...
5576	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-02	Not sure why there's so much speculation about PW being this season.. it seems pretty clear it isn't going to be until early next season.. In episode 10 we're likely going to see plenty of backlash from the RW (Arya alive, Joffrey bouncing in his chair upon hearing about Robb's death (this is where Tyrion calls him monster isn't it? building plenty of tension between them) and of course the title leads one to believe that most of the episode will be centered around Dany just as they did last season after a very climactic episode 9.. Also I wouldn't be surprised if the season ends leading up to the war at the Wall similar to the battle at the Fist last season (albeit they skipped that and we already know the war at the Wall will kick off next season and be very big).. Giants/Mammoths/Wildlings approaching etc just when JS gets back to Castle Black..
Anyway I'm getting off-topic here.. I'm quite looking forward to the Roose/Jaime/Brienne dinner scene - it was a favourite of mine in the book and as we saw last Roose can be quite the scene-stealer..
Also quite looking forward to Ramsay/Theon stuff - judging by Alfie's interviews about it and talking about how fantastic Iwan is I'm hoping we get some good dialogue between the two although I doubt we'll have a reveal quite yet.
Roose & Ramsay (while most show-watchers don't know they are linked quite yet) need to be built up as exceptionally disdainful characters before Joffrey dies so people have someone to hate? (if this makes sense) as they are two the main antagonists in the North going forward along with the Frey's.
5577	Spring Snow	2013-05-02	Also quite looking forward to Ramsay/Theon stuff - judging by Alfie's interviews about it and talking about how fantastic Iwan is I'm hoping we get some good dialogue between the two although I doubt we'll have a reveal quite yet.Roose & Ramsay (while most show-watchers don't know they are linked quite yet) need to be built up as exceptionally disdainful characters before Joffrey dies so people have someone to hate? (if this makes sense) as they are two the main antagonists in the North going forward along with the Frey's.You're right, having a villain figure that audiences love to hate and talk about is very, very important, even/especially in an ensemble cast like this. Good King Joffrey was probably the most popular topic of GoT discussion for all my friends throughout the latter half of season 1 and all of season 2. What little we've seen of the Boltons is quite promising, and going by the source material alone they're more than prepared for the task.I can't quite say why but the razing of Winterfell seemed to hit a lot of people nearly as hard as Ned's execution, and I think when Ramsay's hand in that comes to light (Probably coinciding with the revelation of his identity?) it will affect people's opinions of him greatly and ease his transition into Joffrey 2.0 before we learn about his other hobbies. Probably moreso than his torture of Theon, I'm sorry to say. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I am hoping they use the Theon and Ramsay screen time for something besides just torture. It's important to show how Theon becomes Reek, but after a certain point it simply becomes gratuitous; especially when that time can do used to advance the story or elaborate on background details too.
5578	Ser Luke.	2013-05-02	My predictions:
-Robb learns of the Frey marraige proposal, he convinces Edmure to agree, they head out. 
-Jon's group of wildlings climb the Wall, he has an angry confrontation with Orell.
-Melisandre convinces Gendry to come to Dragonstone after facing off with Thoros.
-Jaime and Brienne dine with Lord Bolton, Brienne learns she will be given to Locke.
-Jojen reveals Osha must leave with Rickon, Osha reluctantly agrees.
-Sansa learns of her upcoming marraige, she confides in Margaery.
-Baelish leaves for the Vale, Tyrion learns Bronn is accompanying him.
I think Bran's story will be a little different in how Osha leaves, and I think Bronn will come with Baelish to the Vale. That way, once Sansa gets there, we will see a familiar face, and since Marillion is gone from the show, he can be the one who gets framed for killing Lysa.
Anybody else think that's a good idea?
					
					
							Edited by SerLuke, 02 May 2013 - 03:41 PM.
5579	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-05-02	Tyrion and Sansa rushed wedding. The climb. Too funny!  Does Davos get a letter from the wall to read? The Hound steals Arya Stark. Littlefinger is out of the scene now. Bran learns that he is going beyond the wall. Daenarys sees a slave crucified. Obviously with it being "The Climb" it will be time for the Wildlings lead by Tormund and John Snow to navigate K2. Looking forward to that.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 02 May 2013 - 04:03 PM.
5580	Arkash	2013-05-02	-Jojen reveals Osha must leave with Rickon, Osha reluctantly agrees.I want this decision to come from Osha herself.If not, people will really distrust the Reeds... and they already do...
5581	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Tyrion and Sansa rushed wedding. The climb. Too funny!  Does Davos get a letter from the wall to read? The Hound steals Arya Stark. Littlefinger is out of the scene now. Bran learns that he is going beyond the wall. Daenarys sees a slave crucified. Obviously with it being "The Climb" it will be time for the Wildlings lead by Tormund and John Snow to navigate K2. Looking forward to that.Bran isn't going beyond the wall for a long time. Jon still has to get back to the wall and have the run-in with Summer. And coldhands isn't until episode eight. "King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. "
5582	Arkash	2013-05-02	We have hints that the Slayer is episode 7... 
So Melissandre is back at Dragonstone for episode 8... which leaves her two episodes with the BwB. But we dont know what will they talk about. IIRC correctly, now that they've deleted the Edric plot, the main thing that remains to happen at Dragonstone is Davos reading the letter... maybe this "proof" thing is the dialogue between them two in the dungeons. But I had hoped Stannis to release him before this episode...
Maybe Davos will discover the letter in episode 9, be released shortly afterwards and read it to Stannis in episode 10 (I'm quite sure this arc will end with the letter, logical choice).
As for Coldhands... so, we have Queenscrown and Slayer in episode 7 (gonna be a hell of an episode, with the bear also there). So, Coldhands episode 8 (while Bran and co still head up North) and finally, Nightfort meeting in episode 9 or 10 (this will end the season as well) as Jon arrives back at the Wall on his arc.
5583	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-05-02	I think Bronn will come with Baelish to the Vale. That way, once Sansa gets there, we will see a familiar face, and since Marillion is gone from the show, he can be the one who gets framed for killing Lysa.Anybody else think that's a good idea?If Littlefinger is going to the Vale to seduce Lysa, I highly doubt bringing the man who was responsible for freeing Tyrion with him is part of the plan.
5584	Colonel Green	2013-05-02	It's an implausible idea for a number of reasons (Bronn, as depicted on the show, is an unlikely fit to try and rape Sansa, and an even unlikelier fit for quietly accepting being framed for murder).
5585	WCYarb	2013-05-02	Theon will get castrated,A couple of things for my first post ever -  - I think it is way too early for Theon to get castrated - he needs to be tortured much much more - Is it canon that he gets castrated?  I was under the impression that he lost the twig but kept the berriesThere is some discussion in this thread about how Theon will be shown at his lowest, finally submitting to Ramsay and becoming Reek . . . personally, although it was not a part of the books, I expect Ramsay to start raping him at some point - I feel that was foreshadowed in the rape Ramsay saved Theon from
5586	ebevan91	2013-05-02	Who is the other Frey in the preview?
The one on the right is Black Walder.
5587	pntrlqst	2013-05-02	Who is the other Frey in the preview?The one on the right is Black Walder.Lothar.
5588	ebevan91	2013-05-02	Lothar.Ahh, thanks. Hopefully we get their names in the episode.
5589	Dove	2013-05-02	Anybody else think that's a good idea?Bronn's not a good guy, but I can't see him acting like Marillion with Sansa. Plus that would mean no more Jerome Flynn nooooI'm definitely curious about what they're going to do with the Osha and Rickon thing. Does anyone else think we'll get scenes of those two when they split up, unlike the books? It would add yet another story to an already bloated show but I can't see them leave it hanging after GRRM and the showrunners have expressed so much love for Tena.There is some discussion in this thread about how Theon will be shown at his lowest, finally submitting to Ramsay and becoming Reek . . . personally, although it was not a part of the books, I expect Ramsay to start raping him at some point - I feel that was foreshadowed in the rape Ramsay saved Theon fromI hope not. There's a certain point where it just becomes gratuitous and literal Torture Porn to no real gain. After the gruesome scene with Jaime's stump in episode 5, though, I think we might actually see some flaying or similar on-screen. Eugghh. It's a little early for Theon to "learn his name", though.
5590	eRome	2013-05-03	I don't know if it's been discussed, but my Comcast guide's preview description/summary for this episode says Melisandre visits the Riverlands. Any thoughts what this means?
5591	Rashtibram	2013-05-03	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162I don't know if it's been discussed, but my Comcast guide's preview description/summary for this episode says Melisandre visits the Riverlands. Any thoughts what this means?Melisandre's going to the BWB cave to get Gendry. 'King's Blood,' you know...
5592	Jolene Brown	2013-05-03	I feel like I am probably the only person who said, "Yay!  Black Walder and Lame Lothar" out loud.  I have this very weird fascination with the Freys.  I love how there are so many of them but they are all bad and icky in their own unique way (or at least a lot of them).
5593	BenPlumm	2013-05-03	I feel like I am probably the only person who said, "Yay!  Black Walder and Lame Lothar" out loud.  I have this very weird fascination with the Freys.  I love how there are so many of them but they are all bad and icky in their own unique way (or at least a lot of them).You weren't the only one who got excited, I always loved Lame Lothar Frey.
5594	Conchobar	2013-05-03	You weren't the only one who got excited, I always loved Lame Lothar Frey.Can't wait to read about him and his father getting their throat slit by a rusty blade.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 03 May 2013 - 05:10 AM.
5595	ebevan91	2013-05-03	I don't know if it's been discussed, but my Comcast guide's preview description/summary for this episode says Melisandre visits the Riverlands. Any thoughts what this means?Probably to seek out Gendry. Also, in about 11 or 12 days we'll be having the "Rains of Castamere" description on our Comcast guides. I was able to read "The Bear and the Maiden Fair"'s episode description 2 days ago.I wonder what the description of THAT episode will be."Houses Tully and Frey form an alliance" or something like that.
5596	lostinasia	2013-05-03	the main thing that remains to happen at Dragonstone is Davos reading the letter... maybe this "proof" thing is the dialogue between them two in the dungeons. But I had hoped Stannis to release him before this episode...Maybe Davos will discover the letter in episode 9, be released shortly afterwards and read it to Stannis in episode 10 (I'm quite sure this arc will end with the letter, logical choice).Is there any letter though? Samwell's failure to send any was highlighted in the very first episode. Perhaps they're waiting for Sam or Jon to get back to Castle Black and send off letters - and that leads to Davos's reading practice. I suppose it'd make dramatic sense for Sam to rush back, desperate to finally accomplish what Mormont had asked.On the other hand, the TV show kind of dropped the ball on making Jon's "defection" remotely convincing to the Wildlings, so maybe the letters will be a magical device to be later explained by Bran time travelling back in Season 7 or something.
5597	Arkash	2013-05-03	It could also be a letter sent by Aemon Targaryen. Like talking about dead things coming back to life or the fact that he has no news of the Great Ranging, etc...
5598	Versiroth	2013-05-03	My predictions:-Robb learns of the Frey marraige proposal, he convinces Edmure to agree, they head out.-Jon's group of wildlings climb the Wall, he has an angry confrontation with Orell.-Melisandre convinces Gendry to come to Dragonstone after facing off with Thoros.-Jaime and Brienne dine with Lord Bolton, Brienne learns she will be given to Locke.-Jojen reveals Osha must leave with Rickon, Osha reluctantly agrees.-Sansa learns of her upcoming marraige, she confides in Margaery.-Baelish leaves for the Vale, Tyrion learns Bronn is accompanying him.I think Bran's story will be a little different in how Osha leaves, and I think Bronn will come with Baelish to the Vale. That way, once Sansa gets there, we will see a familiar face, and since Marillion is gone from the show, he can be the one who gets framed for killing Lysa.Anybody else think that's a good idea?Bronn is still needed in Kings Landing.  He's always been Tyrions man an the fact that Cersei makes him a Lord so that he refuses to champion Tyrion's trial by combat should make for interesting TV.
5599	Versiroth	2013-05-03	Is there any letter though? Samwell's failure to send any was highlighted in the very first episode. Perhaps they're waiting for Sam or Jon to get back to Castle Black and send off letters - and that leads to Davos's reading practice. I suppose it'd make dramatic sense for Sam to rush back, desperate to finally accomplish what Mormont had asked.On the other hand, the TV show kind of dropped the ball on making Jon's "defection" remotely convincing to the Wildlings, so maybe the letters will be a magical device to be later explained by Bran time travelling back in Season 7 or something.Mormont has been sending letters ever since the first wights attack.   I believe in the book, it's even said that the letter Davos is reading is very old.  His old Hand decided it wasn't important enough to trouble Stannis about.  So, most likely, Davos will be attempting to read some book to Shireen and the letter will fall out.
5600	lostinasia	2013-05-03	Mormont has been sending letters ever since the first wights attack.   I believe in the book, it's even said that the letter Davos is reading is very old.  His old Hand decided it wasn't important enough to trouble Stannis about.  So, most likely, Davos will be attempting to read some book to Shireen and the letter will fall out.It could work - it just seems odd that the season opened with emphasis placed on the letters, and Mormont's none-too-rousing cry that they have to warn the south: they planted the seed that no one knows what's coming. Maybe that was planting a seed that'll be important later, or maybe it means nothing.In the book (looking at it right now), the letter Davos reads is from the Wall: it says that Mormont had sent a raven when under attack in "the haunted forest", and that they haven't heard anything since and "fear Mormont slain with all his strength". Curiously (and probably sensibly from Castle Black's perspective), that letter mentions nothing of white walkers, but rather just "a vast host of wildlings". I'm not sure how the TV show will handle it, but they certainly can't handle it exactly the same way.
5601	Associate Maester	2013-05-03	I wonder if Davos isn't going to pull the letter off the painted table (maybe have it explained why it is so old?)  When he comes back to Dragonstone they make a point of showing how littered the painted table is with old scrolls and letters.
5602	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-05-03	I'm pretty sure we'll get a bit from every storyline in this one, except Davos/Stannis (though Mels is in it), and possibly Danny, though I bet she's in.
Jon, Bran, Jaime, and Robb will be the focus though.
5603	BananaSpice	2013-05-03	I hope not. There's a certain point where it just becomes gratuitous and literal Torture Porn to no real gain. After the gruesome scene with Jaime's stump in episode 5, though, I think we might actually see some flaying or similar on-screen. Eugghh. It's a little early for Theon to "learn his name", though.I don't see how rape is more gratuitous than castration, tbh, and it could portray a similar level of brokenness / not feeling like a "man" / etc. I agree there will be flaying  ... they have definitely pumped up the Bolton sigil too much to let that go, lol.
5604	Chuck88	2013-05-03	Will definitely see-
Climbing the Wall.
Robb and some nasty wee Freys
Roose, Jaime and Brienne
Jojen losing his s**t
Melisandre with the brotherhood
Ramsay and Theon (Although I doubt he'll be revealed by name yet. It wouldn't surprise me if his name is mentioned by someone else though.)
Something to do with Sam, I doubt there will be slaying just yet but I'm curious to see what's in store next.
Usual King's Landing hulabaloo. I really hope they don't make the QoT make Tywin look like an idiot though.
The Dragonstone crew and Dany will take the bench this episode.
So far every episode has been better than the last. I get the feeling this pattern will continue /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5605	Dragonstoned	2013-05-03	I feel like I am probably the only person who said, "Yay!  Black Walder and Lame Lothar" out loud.  I have this very weird fascination with the Freys.  I love how there are so many of them but they are all bad and icky in their own unique way (or at least a lot of them).Yes! We've defo got Black Walder, who bumps off his relatives, and Lame Lothar who plans the RW with Roose.  Would be great to see Walder Rivers for the attack on the camps, Merrett in ep310 and maybe even Hosteen/Aenys too.The weird fascination can extend to all cool villains (inc. Roose) especially when you know what they're about to do and can't wait to see them do it!
5606	Dove	2013-05-03	I thought it was cool to see them, too. Especially with them looking, as someone else so aptly put it, "so perfectly weaselly and Frey-ish."Bronn is still needed in Kings Landing.  He's always been Tyrions man an the fact that Cersei makes him a Lord so that he refuses to champion Tyrion's trial by combat should make for interesting TV.I'm not sure how they could work it into the show with everything else going on but Bronn's lordship + naming his kid Tyrion just to piss Cersei off and everything that happens as a result was one of my favorite things about AFFC. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
5607	JMJ	2013-05-03	I thought it was cool to see them, too. Especially with them looking, as someone else so aptly put it, "so perfectly weaselly and Frey-ish."I'm not sure how they could work it into the show with everything else going on but Bronn's lordship + naming his kid Tyrion just to piss Cersei off and everything that happens as a result was one of my favorite things about AFFC. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Yes, they got the Frey look down pat, it seems. Interested to see what Roslin Frey will look like.
					
					
							Edited by Jam Maester Jay, 03 May 2013 - 01:23 PM.
5608	Ser Bronn's Mullet	2013-05-03	What the heck is Arya gonna do next season? It's too bad she likely not get to spend much time with the Brotherhood.
5609	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-03	What the heck is Arya gonna do next season? It's too bad she likely not get to spend much time with the Brotherhood.Probably small snippets of her journey to Braavos? Can't see her being a major storyline in season 4 but I could see some of her AFFC stuff moved forward a bit at least the journey & arrival without getting too much into the House of Black & White - just speculation on my part as I doubt they'll have enough material from ASOS alone unless they were to add something as opposed to strategically introducing a few AFFC/ADWD storylines in  the fold (Bran & Arya mainly and those two subsequent journeys).. obviously you'd expect the stuff at the Wall as well as Tyrion's escape to feature towards the end of season 4.However they could, like you say, just make her role very minor and drag out her & Sandor traveling to the Saltpans with their encounter with Polliver/whoever else? being a highlight of it along with the Hound croaking.
					
					
							Edited by Esero the Forest Scion, 03 May 2013 - 05:47 PM.
5610	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-03	What the heck is Arya gonna do next season? It's too bad she likely not get to spend much time with the Brotherhood.Sword fighting and how to use rage to your advantage class 101- with professor Clegane.
5611	eetrebor	2013-05-03	Yes, they got the Frey look down pat, it seems. Interested to see what Roslin Frey will look like.Roslin will be played by Alexandra Dowling:http://winteriscomin...slin-frey-cast/
5612	Rapsie	2013-05-03	being a highlight of it along with the Hound croaking.Of course the Hound may not have croaked. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5613	Khalessi	2013-05-03	I personally don't want to see in graphic detail Theon geting flayed or worse castrated. I really wonder how long they will spend on that since he isn't even revealed to be alive untill ADWD. Hopefully they will at least mix it up with more mental torture than just physical torture. I don't want it to turn into saw.
					
					
							Edited by Starpower67, 03 May 2013 - 08:58 PM.
5614	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-03	Arya won't be traveling to Braavos before the finale of the fourth season. Bet on it. Ultimately, I don't think the Hound has a major part to play going forward in this story, so I can definitely see the relationship between the two of them being given both more time and more circumstance (perhaps they'll transpose some of the skipped material from Arya's early chapters of ACoK). The dam will break when Arya kills Polliver at the inn, in her first instance of willfully murdering someone (which will be very cathartic for both the audience and the character, given everything she has had to endure). When Arya chooses to leave the Hound to die, it will probably be the last time we see his character, so I'd expect them to play that whole scenario up. It wouldn't make sense for the production team to dedicate any of their resources to designing or building Braavos, and it works as such a perfect cap to her story line up to that point to have her decide to leave Westeros and train with the Faceless Men (though the non-reader audience wouldn't be entirely sure about where she's going or what she's going to do when she gets there). If they just plow through with her story line, where does her arc end in season four? And where does it begin in season five? And end?
5615	Jolene Brown	2013-05-03	I think they'll play up Arya/The Hound for the opposite reason.  I think he is going to have a major part to play in The Winds of Winter.  Which actually raises the Theon issue - what are they going to do with him during the two seasons they are likely going to have to devote to AFFC and ADWD?
Edit:  That's a rhetorical question!  Don't want to start an off-topic fracas.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 03 May 2013 - 08:40 PM.
5616	Sun	2013-05-03	One thing seems clear, come S5 we will be seeing major deviations from the books.
5617	Newstar	2013-05-03	One thing seems clear, come S5 we will be seeing major deviations from the books.You say that like it's a bad thing...For real, though, if the writers take a wrecking ball to AFFC/ADWD, not only will I not blame them, I'll cheer them on. Maybe they can accomplish what GRRM's editor couldn't.As for Hound/Arya, I suspect the bulk of the Hound/Arya stuff--absent everything Red Wedding-related, which will go into Season 3--will be moved to Season 4. We're up to Episode 6 and the Hound hasn't even nabbed Arya yet. I think he'll grab her in this episode, but there's a good chance he won't before Episode 7, and that leaves us one episode before the Red Wedding, one of which (3x08) I suspect will be mostly taken up with King's Landing and Dany stuff.Also, Arya is going to need something to do in Season 4, as I doubt the writers will ship her off to Braavos before the last half of Season 4, so putting some meat on Hound/Arya and moving the bulk of it to Season 4 works.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 May 2013 - 11:21 PM.
5618	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-05-04	In the book, as I remember it (although again I knew the RW was coming, but not its exact details, so I can't remember what I knew about Roose's role), it seemed like he was hedging his bets, keeping his options open - currying favor with Tywin, just in case.  So you get the sense that he's not a diehard Stark loyalist but you don't see the degree of his treachery coming, as I remember it.  I think they can play it that way in the show as well.  Not a traitor, but he's not going to go down with the ship either.  It makes sense to me.  It's a far cry from making a hostage trade a bit against Robb's wishes to get on Tywin's good side to what he actually does at the RW.Perfect explanation.
5619	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-05-04	You say that like it's a bad thing...For real, though, if the writers take a wrecking ball to AFFC/ADWD, not only will I not blame them, I'll cheer them on. Maybe they can accomplish what GRRM's editor couldn't.As for Hound/Arya, I suspect the bulk of the Hound/Arya stuff--absent everything Red Wedding-related, which will go into Season 3--will be moved to Season 4. We're up to Episode 6 and the Hound hasn't even nabbed Arya yet. I think he'll grab her in this episode, but there's a good chance he won't before Episode 7, and that leaves us one episode before the Red Wedding, one of which (3x08) I suspect will be mostly taken up with King's Landing and Dany stuff.Also, Arya is going to need something to do in Season 4, as I doubt the writers will ship her off to Braavos before the last half of Season 4, so putting some meat on Hound/Arya and moving the bulk of it to Season 4 works.Why the hating on books 4 & 5?
5620	Dove	2013-05-04	I don't think it's hate, necessarily - there's a lot of good stuff in books 4 and 5, there's just a lot more filler as well.A lot of new characters and plots are introduced, things don't progress quite as quickly, and it's also the point where a lot of storylines become even more separated and splintered. (i.e. Brienne and Jaime splitting into their own journeys, Tyrion departing King's Landing, Sansa leaving for her own location, etc.)With people already complaining about bloat, too many characters in different places, and scenes skipping too quickly, it's pretty understandable to see the need for some editing and alteration in the future.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 04 May 2013 - 12:47 AM.
5621	Sun	2013-05-04	You say that like it's a bad thing...Not at all, I'm all for it. I'm simply saying that it will be very hard to predict story lines from now on. We'll see deviations begin in S4, and expand going forward in order to deal with AFFC/ADWD, not only in terms of keeping the plot moving, but in order to give characters given short shrift in the novels something to do.The show writers can take many routes depending on what they know of future events, and how they feel they might be served. Given the amount of variables involved, I just don't think we're well positioned to predict breakdowns of future plot arcs with any measure of accuracy. We can't even be sure how S4 will go, not until we get some casting info, at the very least.Why the hating on books 4 & 5?I can't speak for anyone else, but in my case it's because I think them pretty shitty books. 
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 04 May 2013 - 01:04 AM.
5622	Arrogant Bastard	2013-05-04	Arya won't be traveling to Braavos before the finale of the fourth season. Bet on it. Ultimately, I don't think the Hound has a major part to play going forward in this story, so I can definitely see the relationship between the two of them being given both more time and more circumstance (perhaps they'll transpose some of the skipped material from Arya's early chapters of ACoK). The dam will break when Arya kills Polliver at the inn, in her first instance of willfully murdering someone (which will be very cathartic for both the audience and the character, given everything she has had to endure). When Arya chooses to leave the Hound to die, it will probably be the last time we see his character, so I'd expect them to play that whole scenario up. It wouldn't make sense for the production team to dedicate any of their resources to designing or building Braavos, and it works as such a perfect cap to her story line up to that point to have her decide to leave Westeros and train with the Faceless Men (though the non-reader audience wouldn't be entirely sure about where she's going or what she's going to do when she gets there). If they just plow through with her story line, where does her arc end in season four? And where does it begin in season five? And end?This. Arya getting on the ship to leave for Braavos is, I think, by far the best way to end her arc for a season, which will obviously be season four. In fact, the arc endings for ASOS are the best way for almost every character to end season four. --Tyrion killing Tywin --Jon becoming Lord Commander--Dany conquering Mereen and deciding to stay--Arya to Braavos--Sansa seeing LIttlefinger kill LysaThese are all season, not episode, endign moments, which is why I expect season 4 to pretty much end where ASOS does, and not include too many elements from AFFC/ADWD. Having Tyrion killing Tywin one episode and meet Illyrio the next would feel odd; like having Dany birth her dragons in episode eight of season one and then be stuck in the red waste the next. Just doesn't work out well.
5623	Ignacia	2013-05-04	These are all season, not episode, endign moments, which is why I expect season 4 to pretty much end where ASOS does, and not include too many elements from AFFC/ADWD. Having Tyrion killing Tywin one episode and meet Illyrio the next would feel odd; like having Dany birth her dragons in episode eight of season one and then be stuck in the red waste the next. Just doesn't work out well.I always thought we would start getting AFFC/ADWD material in S4, but keeping most characters ASOS endings. I think it's more like complete storylines will be moved. Bran, Brienne, the ironborn, maybe Dorne. I'm guessing some Theon too.Sansa, Jon, KL should keep their ASOS endings. Arya, I can't decide if I would prefer if she leaves for Braavos at the end of S3 or S4, but I can't imagine that happening in the middle of a season. Dany I have no idea.I think some AFFC conflicts could be introduced earlier too. For instance, we already have the Cersei/Margaery rivalry, and that will probably continue on next season, so once we get to S5 there is lot less build up to do. S4 could focus on Cerse/Jaime starting to break up (which is early AFFC, I think), and I think we should be introduced to most of the Vale characters and dynamics on S4  (like the lords of the Vale not liking LF), so we are already familiar with all that once we get to S5.
5624	Newstar	2013-05-04	Arya, I can't decide if I would prefer if she leaves for Braavos at the end of S3 or S4, but I can't imagine that happening in the middle of a season.Arya is tricky. End of Season 3 seems way too early--unless they just speed through the Hound/Arya stuff--but the end of Season 4 seems too late, and I agree that plunking her departure for Braavos in the middle of Season 4 just wouldn't work. Maybe she'll have a "filler" arc for Season 4, expanding on the Hound/Arya stuff from the books.Sansa, Jon, KL should keep their ASOS endings.Agreed. Good endings to round out the season on, all.
5625	Ignacia	2013-05-04	Arya is tricky. End of Season 3 seems way too early.Based on how the pace of her storyline this season has been so far, I don't think it's going to happen anymore. But I think it could have been done, if the Hound had captured her early, and maybe with some scene to make us remember Polliver/Needle (I don't know, maybe Arya hearing that he and other men were terrorising some peasants). But it would need some build up in earlier episodes.
5626	Dove	2013-05-04	Inventing Arya and Sandor scenes seems the most likely.
If they have her leave for Braavos before the S4 finale it's going to throw the timing off and put her out of sync with the other stories - maybe I'm over-complicating things but it seems like it would be a nightmare for the writers if they pushed just one or two characters' stories ahead like that, trying to manage the timelines/sequence of events and everything.
5627	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-04	This. Arya getting on the ship to leave for Braavos is, I think, by far the best way to end her arc for a season, which will obviously be season four. In fact, the arc endings for ASOS are the best way for almost every character to end season four.--Tyrion killing Tywin--Jon becoming Lord Commander--Dany conquering Mereen and deciding to stay--Arya to Braavos--Sansa seeing LIttlefinger kill LysaThese are all season, not episode, endign moments, which is why I expect season 4 to pretty much end where ASOS does, and not include too many elements from AFFC/ADWD. Having Tyrion killing Tywin one episode and meet Illyrio the next would feel odd; like having Dany birth her dragons in episode eight of season one and then be stuck in the red waste the next. Just doesn't work out well.I agree that LF killing Lysa should be his season ender. Don't forget that that's the scene where we find out just how much of this war has been engineered by him, bringing Varys's "king of the ashes" comment to completion. Now we know he was completely on the nose. Plus it shows how truly cold Petyr is. The audience knows he's a dick for what happened to Ned, but I'd argue that this illustrates it more. Because she clearly was in love with him and he used her and literally tossed her aside when he didn't need her anymore. As for Dany...I don't even know what to say about her. lol
5628	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Why the hating on books 4 & 5?Books 4 and 5 are that thing that fantasy novelists always get into when they stretch the story beyond 3 books. They're the books that introduce tons of new stuff that you don't immediately care about and the writing starts taking a departure from how the series started, which was pretty big in this series since there's like almost 20 year difference between the books. I waited 5 years for AFFC only to find it focuses on half of the characters and a bunch of new ones, and then another 5 years to find out what the hell is going on with Jon, Stannis, Dany, etc. 10 years to read about the continuation of certain character arcs is pretty brutal.On re-reads the books are much better. You have no expectations and you can combine them in your mind. You also don't protest to reading PoVs  you initially found pointless and can begin to enjoy them. I suppose that's the difference in my mind between George and other novelists - their world building books usually stink but his are actually quite good once you get over that they're essentially good stories with a lot of filler in between.
5629	Dysun	2013-05-04	I read all five books consecutively and didn't feel as negatively about them as most long-time readers did. Expectations and delays factor into it, as well as the lack of editing these books have alot of fat and repetition that could be cut. They also lack the conclusion for battles that were built up for 1000+ pages. They could have been much better with a few tweaks
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 04 May 2013 - 02:47 PM.
5630	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	They also lack the conclusion for battles that were built up for 1000+ pages. They could have been much better with a few tweaksThat's another big thing, and for me I think a major reason why the show will suffer in Seasons 5/6, because there really isn't a lot of action. They're going to introduce characters like Areo Hotah who is boring as shit, Doran who has been plotting for decades with nothing to show for it, also can barely walk. Then we have Quentyn who sees the most action in that book for like 10 seconds, but it's such an extremely stupid plot and Quentyn himself is sort of bland and uninspiring. We get all the random people Brienne meets on her long and pretty boring journey. We have all the annoying one dimensional charaters Dany meets in Mereen with names no one will want to pronounce. Arya's Bravos story is pretty uneventful really. She finally kills one guy by giving him a poisoned coin. Yey.The books were good as books. They're really going to suffer on television without huge deviations. This is why I agree with the person who originally brought up this point. Just go ahead and gut the filler and make it more exciting to watch. Otherwise I'll probably get bored with it and I'm like the show's #1 fan lol. There's only so much of Doran complaining about his joints and Dany sitting around attempting to rule a place no one gives a shit about that you can watch before flicking the channel.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 02:59 PM.
5631	Mammothsbane	2013-05-04	That's another big thing, and for me I think a major reason why the show will suffer in Seasons 5/6, because there really isn't a lot of action. They're going to introduce characters like Areo Hotah who is boring as shit, Doran who has been plotting for decades with nothing to show for it, also can barely walk. Then we have Quentyn who sees the most action in that book for like 10 seconds, but it's such an extremely stupid plot and Quentyn himself is sort of bland and uninspiring. We get all the random people Brienne meets on her long and pretty boring journey. We have all the annoying one dimensional charaters Dany meets in Mereen with names no one will want to pronounce. Arya's Bravos story is pretty uneventful really. She finally kills one guy by giving him a poisoned coin. Yey.The books were good as books. They're really going to suffer on television without huge deviations. This is why I agree with the person who originally brought up this point. Just go ahead and gut the filler and make it more exciting to watch. Otherwise I'll probably get bored with it and I'm like the show's #1 fan lol. There's only so much of Doran complaining about his joints and Dany sitting around attempting to rule a place no one gives a shit about that you can watch before flicking the channel.Well, if they keep the Daario/Dany love affair, some people will probably watch every minute of every episode to get a glimpse of Emilia...But I do agree, most of Feast and Dance is re-building plots and amping up for events to happen in Winds and Dream. I would welcome some changes that don't require me to watch Brienne wander around the Riverlands aimlessly with stuttering Podrick for a season
5632	Cravensbayne	2013-05-04	I can't wait to see Pod and Brienne. Maybe he will seduce her?
The season 3 finale is gonna be awesome, but season 4 is gonna blow people's minds. The LF push and Jon being LC will be amazing on tv. I just have to wait a year...
5633	King Tommen	2013-05-04	Remember too that timeline-wise, the show will almost assuredly take the chronological route and combine the AFFC/ADwD material so that we're not concentrating so much on some plotlines that appeared to drag over the course of an entire book.
Dany's stuff in Meereen is a little tiresome but they will get to show other characters from Westeros finally converging on her which brings her closer to the main plot.  You've also got the great segment with the attempted poisoning and her finally riding Drogon which should make for thrilling TV.  There's also Quentyn getting fried which will be a crazy setpiece.  And it's all leading to the grandaddy of all the battles which would exceed the budget for both Blackwater and the Battle at the Wall if done properly.  If you make it clear that this is what all of these converging plotlines are moving towards, the audience will stay with you.
The Theon/Asha/Stannis/Ramsay stuff in the North is very compelling and will be dealt with immediately as opposed to delayed until after AFFC
You'll get Jon's stint as LC which is pretty good stuff too, interacting with Stannis/Mel/Mance and his slowly rebellious NW men.
The Cersei paranoia and political fight with Margaery is going to be damn good considering how well they've set that stuff up already.
Arya's story isn't amazing but there's a great shocker in her going blind and assassin in training material can be promising
Bran's going to be troublesome if only because there's so little material to work with so they may just end up making him being the gateway to the Westeros history that fills in a lot of the world building gaps the show has.
Brienne's journey can be shortened very easily (and I'm sure they'll have no problem snipping out large portions of her chapters). They could even integrate Lady Stoneheart earlier than they did in order to juice up the story and give Michele Fairley more to do.
Jaime will probably be interesting no matter what they give him to do so I wouldn't be too worried about that.
Sansa and LF will probably get the short end of the stick.
Of the Greyjoy's and Martell's, I think they'll emphasize the Greyjoy's more because there's more action to deal with a definitive mission involved with the rivalry between Euron and Victarion (getting to Dany and her dragons).  Say what you want about Victarion the character but his journey IMO is pretty interesting.  The Martell's I think will be downplayed IMO with Arianne being the main character being introduced (my guess is that she comes to King's Landing with Oberyn next season so we can meet her in that setting).  Because they aren't slaves to the POV structure, Areo Hotah isn't necessary and Arianne can interact with Doran when necessary but I doubt he'll be a major character with more than a handful of expository scenes.  I bet they dump the entire "kidnapp Myrcella" plotline.
The challenge will be to make Tyrion's journey and character interesting after building him up as the nominal lead on the show for so long.  His self-pitying and humorless adventure could wear thin so hopefully they find a way to make him as interesting as he was before.  To me, that's the key to engaging the audience through this period.  Once he gets to Dany, I assume he'll get his mojo back and that story will ramp up again.
5634	Nezzer	2013-05-04	I can't wait to see Pod and Brienne. Maybe he will seduce her?The season 3 finale is gonna be awesome, but season 4 is gonna blow people's minds. The LF push and Jon being LC will be amazing on tv. I just have to wait a year...Yeah, I get the feeling that season 4 will be even better than season 3. Battle at the Wall, Stannis's arrival, Jon's election, the Kingsmoot, Tyrion's trial, the PW, Lysa's flight... So many epic events.
5635	Dragonstoned	2013-05-04	[font='Helvetica Neue', ', Arial, Verdana, sans-serif} ']I can't speak for anyone else, but in my case it's because I think them pretty shitty books. [/font]More a case of his editor being shitty, personally.  There's lots of good stuff there it's just so padded out.
5636	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-04	More a case of his editor being shitty, personally.  There's lots of good stuff there it's just so padded out.You've got it backwards, I think. I'm sure his editor wanted to pare the book down (I think there is even an interview that vaguely alludes to this), but when an author hits a certain level of success, their editors lose a lot of their power (so to speak).
5637	Jolene Brown	2013-05-04	Look at how much has been left out of Arya's journey through the Riverlands if you want clues to how they could handle Brienne & Podrick's arc.  They basically cut 75% of it at least - she gets captured, she splits with Hot Pie, boom, she encounters the Hound, boom, she's at the cave.  And it should be almost over at this point, b/c she's about to get kidnapped by the Hound.  Think of everything that's missing - 90% of the BWB members, none of the BWB allies (no Lady with the acorns, no Bella at the Peach, no ghost of High Heart, no Ned Dayne with his stories about Dorne and her father - although I suppose there's still time for them to throw a fragment of that to Anguy, no Harwin).
I think they will have Jaime send Brienne off on her quest at the very end of Season 4 so that they can have her interact with various people in King's Landing - someone else other than Loras can insist on imprisoning her for Renly's death (maybe Margaery), and then we'll see the same sort of greatest hits version in Season 5 as with Arya's journey.  The big question is Season 6.  They could have her captured by Lady Stoneheart as her Season 5 climax/cliffhanger and then stretch out her interactions with them for part of Season 5 (those do make up a series of scenes) and then have her scene with Jaime toward the very end, as the big climax/cliffhanger for those two heading into season 7.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 04 May 2013 - 11:11 PM.
5638	mystikherb	2013-05-04	Why the hating on books 4 & 5?I have to say I agree, I'd definitely like to see some fair changes from the fourth and fifth books to the show's adaptation.All the same, I don't think it's so much about hating on books 4 and 5.  The way I see it, four was by far the slowest book of the series.  Perhaps this is partly because it has the problem of being left in the shadow of the intense SOS.  While I very much enjoy FFC and think it's underrated for multiple reasons (Cersei's downward spiral, Arya's sparse but badass beginnings in Braavos, ect.), it along with DWD (which is one of my favorites, I don't care what anyone says) are not as easy to translate into entertaining television as the previous three books.  There's so much (and by that I mean hundreds and hundreds of pages that rely on inner workings of character thoughts and lengthened stretches to get to certain points, when if you're very invested in the books you can get to that point in a couple weeks without it being so drawn out.  I think that this could be trimmed down and directed towards the more epic moments a lot better than the other books.  Ideally, I think these books together should get one or two seasons.  It would be hard to sit through three or more following seasons after season four just to get to the point the books are at now.  When I say they should narrow down these last two books into one or two (honestly two seems better) seasons, I also wish that wasn't how I feel.  If that's the way they do it, then they're really close to catching up with GRRM, and if WOW comes out before they get there then he's really screwed on time for the last book.  Even if they split WOW into two seasons, that would give GRRM 2 years to finish the last and likely the longest book of the series- the idea of that working out is more of a fantasy than the series itself.  For this reason, I will not be surprised at ALL of the show never finishes the story, and people lose interest in a year or two.  While that makes me sad, it only reaffirms my preference of the books over the show.  I trust GRRM, and I've loved the series so far (even the parts people tend to dislike) and I will be there at midnight when the last book comes out to find out how this all ends.  That doesn't mean I think the show has no hope of finishing up.  I think these are the options of how things might end up going down.1).  God exists.  GRRM kicks his pace up a notch while the show keeps it fresh enough to tell the story until there's more material while keeping audiences interested- all the way til the last book.2).  D&D have a better idea than most where the story is going.  They've basically said they know who Jon Snow's parents are (they did not say for sure they do, but their answer to that question is what convinced GRRM they were the right people to adapt his series so I think it's safe to say they guessed somewhat correctly).  They've also said (along with other writers of the show) that GRRM has definitely given them insight as to where other characters are going to.  Perhaps once they catch up to him, he can give them enough of an outline to make the show go on long enough for him to finish, or maybe (less likely) he'll give them the ending and let them wrap it up before he does.  Being a writer myself, I don't think his ego will allow him to let them do this though (I sure as hell wouldn't).3).  Worst case, people lose interest, or they catch up to GRRM while he still has years before WOW comes out and the show gets cancelled.  While that'll suck,  I can at least take solace in the books.  Sorry for the length of this post, this has just been on my mind a good bit.  At any rate, regardless of pacing or different scaling of some books compared to others, as far as the story he has created goes (all 5 books included) this series is genius and I'm stoked to see where it goes.
5639	King Tommen	2013-05-04	You've got it backwards, I think. I'm sure his editor wanted to pare the book down (I think there is even an interview that vaguely alludes to this), but when an author hits a certain level of success, their editors lose a lot of their power (so to speak).The same principle holds for the length of time between publishing volumes of the series.  Martin has got to the point where he can finish his books whenever the hell he wants and tweak, revise and add all he likes in the meantime.  If he was near the beginning of the series and not nearly as powerful, there's no way his publisher would let him get away with taking 7-8 years between volumes.
5640	King Tommen	2013-05-04	2).  D&D have a better idea than most where the story is going.  They've basically said they know who Jon Snow's parents are (they did not say for sure they do, but their answer to that question is what convinced GRRM they were the right people to adapt his series so I think it's safe to say they guessed somewhat correctly).  They've also said (along with other writers of the show) that GRRM has definitely given them insight as to where other characters are going to.  Perhaps once they catch up to him, he can give them enough of an outline to make the show go on long enough for him to finish, or maybe (less likely) he'll give them the ending and let them wrap it up before he does.  Being a writer myself, I don't think his ego will allow him to let them do this though (I sure as hell wouldn't).An interesting note about the amount of knowledge D&D (and Cogman) have about Martin's future books was revealed in an interview by Cogman recently.  As we were all told, Martin had given all of them a broad outline for where the story was going before they started the series.  It appears as if the first 3 seasons were crafted with this additional knowledge.  But a month or two ago, they all sat down with Martin again and had a very in depth discussion about more specific places his story was going.  They told him that they needed this because they were at the point where that information was more important as they were getting closer to catching up with the end of the published material.What this would indicate to me is that things we've seen so far and what we'll see this season are based on more of a broad outline of future events.  They are just writing Season 4 now armed with much more detailed info so starting next season, book fans should probably take any changes or adherence to the source as more of an indicator of their relative importance than what we saw in the first 3 seasons.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 04 May 2013 - 11:59 PM.
5641	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-05-05	Books 4 and 5 are that thing that fantasy novelists always get into when they stretch the story beyond 3 books. They're the books that introduce tons of new stuff that you don't immediately care about and the writing starts taking a departure from how the series started, which was pretty big in this series since there's like almost 20 year difference between the books. I waited 5 years for AFFC only to find it focuses on half of the characters and a bunch of new ones, and then another 5 years to find out what the hell is going on with Jon, Stannis, Dany, etc. 10 years to read about the continuation of certain character arcs is pretty brutal.On re-reads the books are much better. You have no expectations and you can combine them in your mind. You also don't protest to reading PoVs  you initially found pointless and can begin to enjoy them. I suppose that's the difference in my mind between George and other novelists - their world building books usually stink but his are actually quite good once you get over that they're essentially good stories with a lot of filler in between.Thanks for that answer, I wouldn't really understand that ten year wait because I started the series in 2011 so I went quickly from book 4 to 5. I also found them annoying in that I was suddenly thrown under a bus of Greyjoys, martells, and cersei's annoying new small council. However I am now re reading books 4 and 5 at the same time through a reading list I found on here, which is infinetly better.
5642	IPSidorov	2013-05-05	More leaked screencaps of the episode: http://vk.com/wall-297836_524306
5643	Dove	2013-05-05	More leaked screencaps of the episode: http://vk.com/wall-297836_524306Aaaa, I wish I was better at resisting the temptation to look at this stuff. Really interesting.
	Spoiler Melisandre lookin' fancy. So she and Arya do interact at some point.I like the expression on her face in that screencap with Beric. da fuck did you do thoros
5644	IPSidorov	2013-05-05	actual spoiler
	Spoiler  (bang bang) THE WHORE IS DEADhttp://cs409826.vk.m...kHQ1BHl_YdY.jpg

					
					
							Edited by Ivan  Sidorov, 05 May 2013 - 04:38 AM.
5645	Xanderpanda	2013-05-05	actual spoiler
	Spoiler  THE WHORE IS DEAD[img]http://cs409826.vk.m...Hl_YdY.jpg[/img]
I saw that on /tv/ and knew everyone here would be just as pleased as everyone in that thread haha
5646	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	actual spoiler
	Spoiler  THE WHORE IS DEADhttp://cs409826.vk.m...kHQ1BHl_YdY.jpg
HOLY SHIT
5647	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	You've got it backwards, I think. I'm sure his editor wanted to pare the book down (I think there is even an interview that vaguely alludes to this), but when an author hits a certain level of success, their editors lose a lot of their power (so to speak).Yeah I get that, the same thing happened with Dostoevsky (became so successful he could overrule his editors) - then again, up to the editor to hold their ground.actual spoiler
	Spoiler  (bang bang) THE WHORE IS DEADhttp://cs409826.vk.m...kHQ1BHl_YdY.jpg
Christ! I didn't like the character but looking at that I feel terrible.edit: What does this mean for speculation? Some thought she'd escort Sansa from the PW to LF and would meet the same end as Dontos, not any more.  Maybe Joffrey being sadistic or thinking he's punishing Tyrion? Looks like a crossbow quarrel...
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 05 May 2013 - 04:47 AM.
5648	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	actual spoiler
	Spoiler  (bang bang) THE WHORE IS DEADhttp://cs409826.vk.m...kHQ1BHl_YdY.jpg

	Spoiler Woosh. Well, there goes my theory of her being the substitute for Ser Dontos. Looks like Littlefinger's cleaning up loose ends. I think this could work. It shows that he's not an idiot, and can be utterly ruthless. I could be wrong however, and this might just be Joffrey or Tywin's doing.EDIT: This is probably the work of Joffrey, judging by the crossbow bolts.

					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 05 May 2013 - 04:47 AM.
5649	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	More here: http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD
	Spoiler Sansa's sad face makes me /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> The rest of her makes me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> though.
5650	Xanderpanda	2013-05-05	Spoiler Woosh. Well, there goes my theory of her being the substitute for Ser Dontos. Looks like Littlefinger's cleaning up loose ends. I think this could work. It shows that he's not an idiot, and can be utterly ruthless. I could be wrong however, and this might just be Joffrey or Tywin's doing.EDIT: This is probably the work of Joffrey, judging by the crossbow bolts.
It is definitely 
	Spoiler  Joffery

	Spoiler http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD
5651	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	It is definitely 
	Spoiler  Joffery

	Spoiler http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD

	Spoiler Oh, sweet Jesus. The shitstorm that's going to rise from the crossbow bolt to Ros' groin is going to be MASSIVE. The show has already been accused of misogyny, but if they depict Ros' death in a way similar to Joff's scene with the whores, this will be the most they've been criticized yet. But on the bright side, at least Joffrey is back to his evil form again. Although that does undermine Ramsay, if his torture of Theon will be in the same episode.
5652	Dove	2013-05-05	Sounds like a deviation or something big?
aaaaa nope nope not gonna look, so tempting though
5653	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	It's not a big deviation, but it is surprising, and a bit alarming, in all honesty.
5654	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Holy Motherfuck, that is brutal! And I love it, sadistic bastard that I am. I was thinking that Joffrey was being too nice this season.
5655	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	It's not a big deviation, but it is surprising, and a bit alarming, in all honesty.
	Spoiler Joff never actually killed anyone himself in the books did he? So I suppose it is a somewhat big deviation, this will more than likely show the Tyrells that Joff can't be controlled.I'm still suspecting LF is the one that arranged this meeting between Ros and Joff.
5656	redriver	2013-05-05	Spoiler I wonder if Mel is giving Arya the "evil child,wolf child" speech that the GOHH gives.But more importantly for future reference she won't have any excuse to not recognize the "grey girl on the dying horse" in ADWD.
5657	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	Spoiler Joff never actually killed anyone himself in the books did he? So I suppose it is a somewhat big deviation, this will more than likely show the Tyrells that Joff can't be controlled.I'm still suspecting LF is the one that arranged this meeting between Ros and Joff.

	Spoiler Oh, it was without a doubt LF who gave Joffrey Ros. He must have figured out that she was spying on him, and this is yet another way for him to buddy up with Joffrey.I just found the thread with the images on the /tv/ forum, and I don't know whether to be appalled or amused at the overjoyed reactions to the first picture of dead Ros...Oh, and in the same thread someone posted that Jojen talks to Bran about Robert's Rebellion, and then out of nowhere, says that Jon isn't Rhaegar and Lyanna's son. I'm very skeptical as to whether this is true or not...

					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 05 May 2013 - 05:23 AM.
5658	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-05	This is actually a good tactic. Releasing the most controversial moments prior to the episode helps the fans preparing for what is coming. This way, readers have time to digest the changes, instead of being shocked about learning it while watching the scene for the first time, and not enjoying the rest of the episode.
5659	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	Spoiler Oh, it was without a doubt LF who gave Joffrey Ros. He must have figured out that she was spying on him, and this is yet another way for him to buddy up with Joffrey.I just found the thread with the images on the /tv/ forum, and I don't know whether to be appalled or amused at the overjoyed reactions to the first picture of dead Ros...Oh, and in the same thread someone posted that Jojen talks to Bran about Robert's Rebellion, and then out of nowhere, says that Jon isn't Rhaegar and Lyanna's son. I'm very skeptical as to whether this is true or not...
Definitely appalled.Haha nope. Just people trolling I bet.This is actually a good tactic. Releasing the most controversial moments prior to the episode helps the fans preparing for what is coming. This way, readers have time to digest the changes, instead of being shocked about learning it while watching the scene for the first time, and not enjoying the rest of the episode.Maybe...but I'm definitely not looking at the pics next week if they leak again, sick of ruining the surprise for myself /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Nick_Scryer, 05 May 2013 - 05:33 AM.
5660	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	More here: http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD
	Spoiler Sansa's sad face makes me /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> The rest of her makes me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> though.
lawlzand how sick does the 
	Spoiler shot at the top of the Wall
 look?!
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 05 May 2013 - 05:37 AM.
5661	go joff go	2013-05-05	LOL, I can actaully guess what the spoiler is by  how ecstastic some seem to be.
5662	WinterfellRose	2013-05-05	Spoiler Crossbow to the groin?.... I guess I know what they might be doing there.... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I bet, after Joffrey's death, all his crossbows will be put away somewhere and Tyrion will find one of them on his escape from dungeon in S4... That way, it will not look suspicious if he just found it hanging in Tywin's chamber as if staged by Varys, as some people speculate.. Anyhow, we'll see in S4 finale.
5663	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler  It's not like I was a massive fan of Ros, although I didn't hate her as much as some do, but this is brutal and actually quite upsetting! Such a sad ending.
5664	Chuck88	2013-05-05	Crap. I have no idea how I'll be able to resist looking for 13 more hours /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
5665	Dove	2013-05-05	Crap. I have no idea how I'll be able to resist looking for 13 more hours /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />same here aaagghh, sounds like something big and unexpectedLuckily I've got a relay race in a couple of hours, so I won't get the chance to be tempted for much longer before the actual episode starts. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
5666	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	Jon falls off the Wall while climbing and dies. There, you don't have to worry anymore.
5667	Dove	2013-05-05	FUCKhe really does know nothing /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
5668	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	Some interesting stuff for sure.
On the plus side:
	Spoiler 
1) Convenient opportunity for Baelish to tie up loose ends
2) Convenient excuse for Tywin to confiscate the crossbow so it is located in the Tower of the Hand for later events.

On the negative side
	Spoiler 
1) I was quite happy to have Ros have a part to play in Sansa's escape. That would have turned out to be a small redemption for having her character in the story other than nipple-minutes/episode.
2) It seems to set everything up too much in the Lannister's favour for the end of the season by having them seemingly in control of everything and yet another 'out' taken off the table
3) Feels bad for Esme, I like her and consider to have the toughest job in the show as an actor because she had no 'guidance' for her performance other than 'go and show your breasts and pretend to be mysterious'.
5669	Sun	2013-05-05	OMG
	Spoiler  They killed Ros! Joff kills Ros! /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> 
I'm actually quite shocked... and a bit sad as well, because I'm a sap.Well done, show. I didn't think you could shock me, but you did. You defo did.
	Spoiler I wonder if Mel is giving Arya the "evil child,wolf child" speech that the GOHH gives.But more importantly for future reference she won't have any excuse to not recognize the "grey girl on the dying horse" in ADWD.
It certainly looks like it could be from that pic. I really do hope we get it.edited to remove hint of spoiler.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 07:34 AM.
5670	protar	2013-05-05	Spoiler 
Wow, that is some harsh stuff. And I'm reluctant to say it but Ros has kind of grown on me over 2 and a half seasons. I always thought that Esme Bianco did a good job for the writing she was given and would've liked to see her take Dontos' place. I feel confused /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5671	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler  I think what's also shocking is the cruel way she goes. It's horrible.
5672	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	This is actually a good tactic. Releasing the most controversial moments prior to the episode helps the fans preparing for what is coming. This way, readers have time to digest the changes, instead of being shocked about learning it while watching the scene for the first time, and not enjoying the rest of the episode.I'm not sure if that would work more than once or twice. They certainly would not want any pictures out there from Episode 9, surely.
5673	The Monkey	2013-05-05	God, this show is truly in pitch-black territory now. I love it.
5674	Sun	2013-05-05	Spoiler  I think what's also shocking is the cruel way she goes. It's horrible. 
I agree.
5675	go joff go	2013-05-05	Damn you people, stop tempting me with you non spoilery opinions of spoilers.
5676	Sun	2013-05-05	Spoiler Oh, sweet Jesus. The shitstorm that's going to rise from the crossbow bolt to Ros' groin is going to be MASSIVE. The show has already been accused of misogyny, but if they depict Ros' death in a way similar to Joff's scene with the whores, this will be the most they've been criticized yet. But on the bright side, at least Joffrey is back to his evil form again. Although that does undermine Ramsay, if his torture of Theon will be in the same episode.
OMG I didn't even notice that until I read your post. I had to go back and look. OMG!! I'm flabbergasted.ETA:
	Spoiler  I don't think I could accuse the show of misogyny over this, I can accuse it of utilizing cheap torture porn for shock and chatter effect. 

					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 07:44 AM.
5677	Loras	2013-05-05	Wow... Um... Just wow!
	Spoiler looks like AS has done it again.  The shots of Sansa/Loras and the Wall are just stunning.
I really don't know what to think about the shot of Ros.  I think I'm actually quite disappointed.
5678	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Spoiler Oh, sweet Jesus. The shitstorm that's going to rise from the crossbow bolt to Ros' groin is going to be MASSIVE. The show has already been accused of misogyny, but if they depict Ros' death in a way similar to Joff's scene with the whores, this will be the most they've been criticized yet.

	Spoiler  But why would it create a huge shitstorm? I mean, Joffrey's already killed Ned, had whores beaten, stripped Sansa in open court, and advocated the extermination of all homosexuals. It would be a misogynistic move by the character, but how would the show be misogynistic, as opposed to merely portraying a misogynistic maniac?
5679	King Tommen	2013-05-05	That site looks Russian so I don't think the show has any control over those leaks.  Someone over there is getting the episodes a day early and leaking the episode.  Probably can't do anything about that happening from here on out.  I'm not very good at keeping my nose out of spoilers but I don't think I want to get this kind of info every week so I'm going to try and avoid them from here on out.
In terms of the big development:
	Spoiler  I had been struggling to come up with Ros' role once LF left King's Landing. She's been linked to him since arriving in the capital and her new duties in spying for Varys on LF weren't going to be that effective if LF left (and especially if she wasn't coming along).  I thought for a while that she would fulfill the Dontos role but D&D said just recently that he would actually be returning so I guess that was never in the cards.  Once she was enlisted by Varys to spy on LF, I knew there was going to be no other end for her other than death because they wouldn't make LF look like an idiot who was having someone he trusted spying on him.  So her getting sniffed out and dealt with was inevitable, I just didn't think it would be this soon.  Giving her to Joffrey wasn't something I considered but it accomplishes dual purposes in writing her out now that she has no further role to play in LF's story and it reminds us again that Joff is a sadistic prick after sidelining him for most of this season so far.  Unlike some, I really liked her as a character but I guess there was only going to be so much you could do with a completely invented entity unless you were going to substitute her into another book role in the future.
5680	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	OMG I didn't even notice that until I read your post. I had to go back and look. OMG!! I'm flabbergasted.ETA:
	Spoiler  I don't think I could accuse the show of misogyny over this, I can accuse it of utilizing cheap torture porn for shock and chatter effect. 

	Spoiler I think it will be a really nasty scene. She has quarrels in her arm, one near her head, one to the chest, one near the groin and it looks like there are a couple to the legs too. People are going to be disturbed.
5681	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Spoiler I wonder if Mel is giving Arya the "evil child,wolf child" speech that the GOHH gives.But more importantly for future reference she won't have any excuse to not recognize the "grey girl on the dying horse" in ADWD.
It could be to set up how her interpretations are not always accurate.
	Spoiler  But why would it create a huge shitstorm? I mean, Joffrey's already killed Ned, had whores beaten, stripped Sansa in open court, and advocated the extermination of all homosexuals. It would be a misogynistic move by the character, but how would the show be misogynistic, as opposed to merely portraying a misogynistic maniac?
Because people are idiotic and incapable of separating views depicted vs views held. Why do you think it's so common for networks to say stuff like "the views of this show do not necessarily express the opinions of this network or its employees?"As soon as I saw that picture, I thought of some podcasters that will be very very happy.
	Spoiler Joffrey never killed anyone in the books, I believe. However, in the books he also didn't have any lowborn people nearby. He did have many sentenced to death though. He never did care at all about the common man. So I think it's a change that fits. Plus it's possible they may have thought they were humanizing him too much by showing that he is still a teenage boy and very easy to manipulate through his penis. Needed to remind us he's a monster and make that undeniable, perhaps?
5682	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	@ Bobbybuilderton
re: your last spoiler. Yeah I think so too because
	Spoiler  in the books Joffrey is still Public Enemy No1 at this point because we don't yet know about Ramsay. Given the show is depicting the Ramsay story already, a timely reminder that Joffrey is a monster and isn't being quietened by the Tyrell charm at all is probably justified.

					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 05 May 2013 - 08:19 AM.
5683	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-05	Wow. Why so many spoiler tags around here? What am I missing? Are there some uproar pics like last week?
5684	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	It could be to set up how her interpretations are not always accurate.Because people are idiotic and incapable of separating views depicted vs views held. Why do you think it's so common for networks to say stuff like "the views of this show do not necessarily express the opinions of this network or its employees?"As soon as I saw that picture, I thought of some podcasters that will be very very happy.
	Spoiler Joffrey never killed anyone in the books, I believe. However, in the books he also didn't have any lowborn people nearby. He did have many sentenced to death though. He never did care at all about the common man. So I think it's a change that fits. Plus it's possible they may have thought they were humanizing him too much by showing that he is still a teenage boy and very easy to manipulate through his penis. Needed to remind us he's a monster and make that undeniable, perhaps?
 
	Spoiler I think he kills some protesters and has antlers nailed to their heads.Anyway I think the reason LF probably sets Ros up after he finds out she's a spy working for varys.
First time the show truly surprised me with something.
5685	lostinasia	2013-05-05	Spoiler God, no wonder the kid apparently wants to quit acting. Doing a scene like this could give him nightmares for life. I really hope we don't see or hear anything happen, and just see the "afterwards": as with many others, I wasn't a huge fan of Ros, but I think this scene will make me retroactively feel bad about anything negative I ever said.
I wonder if Joff will somehow try to involve Margarey?

And for those who don't want to be spoiled (and I recommend you remain unsullied): move along. Nothing to see here.
5686	King Tommen	2013-05-05	In less shocking development screencap analysis:
	Spoiler  There's one pic of Sansa (sort of) disrobing and looking back in the doorway where Tyrion is standing.  There's another girl standing with Tyrion talking to Sansa and I'm trying to figure out if this is Charlotte Hope, because she looks an awful lot like her.  She's the actress playing the girl getting stripped down (with an uneasy or upset look on her face) by another unidentified woman in one of the trailers that a lot of people were speculating about.  It's still unclear what her role actually is on the show but it's undoubtedly fairly minor.
If this girl is Charlotte Hope, then I would peg her as another one of Sansa's handmaidens.  I'll go ahead and speculate that perhaps she's brought in by Tyrion to replace Shae since that arrangement doesn't seem very fair to anyone now that he's marrying Sansa.  I'm sure it will be clearer once the episode airs.
5687	Valonqar_	2013-05-05	Wow. Why so many spoiler tags around here? What am I missing? Are there some uproar pics like last week?You have no idea.
	Spoiler I didn't really think that Ros could be Dontos'd. If she disappeared at the same time that Sansa did, just after the PW, people in KL (Varys, Tyrion... etc) would have put two and two together since Ros is too linked to LF. But neither did I expect her to go away this soon (even though it makes sense) I never started to dislike her until the end of the last season when she decided to spy on LF (I guess that was when she signed her death sentence) 

					
					
							Edited by Valonqar_, 05 May 2013 - 08:29 AM.
5688	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	And in related news, its interesting that HBO forshadowed with the following image on their GoT FB page the other day.Link
5689	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Spoiler I think he kills some protesters and has antlers nailed to their heads.Anyway I think the reason LF probably sets Ros up after he finds out she's a spy working for varys.
First time the show truly surprised me with something.He gave the command but he did not do it himself, I think.
5690	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler  In a way, it's a fitting death for Ros. You know all those hopes and dreams you had? Forget them. It's a like a gruesome Fantine-like ending.
5691	The Monkey	2013-05-05	Spoiler Also fits very nicely in with what Varys said to the Ned (omitted from the TV show I think): "Why is it always the innocents who suffer when you high lords play your game of thrones?"
5692	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-05	That site looks Russian so I don't think the show has any control over those leaks.  Someone over there is getting the episodes a day early and leaking the episode.  Probably can't do anything about that happening from here on out.  I'm not very good at keeping my nose out of spoilers but I don't think I want to get this kind of info every week so I'm going to try and avoid them from here on out.Yeah, you're right. This one could have been a "good" surprise in the show. I wasn't really expecting it.
	Spoiler That image with LF, right after the gruesome sight, is sufficient evidence for me to believe that this was indeed orchestrated by LF.
5693	go joff go	2013-05-05	I almost feel like there should be a show spoiler thread as there is no way this thread is going to make it without someone saying what happens.  Also if I were the show I would be going after the leakers hard.
5694	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	I almost feel like there should be a show spoiler thread as there is no way this thread is going to make it without someone saying what happens.  Also if I were the show I would be going after the leakers hard.Really hope this doesn't continue over the next weeks, especially not for ep9.
5695	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	I probably wouldn't have read anything had i not decided to to go on imdb.
5696	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Really hope this doesn't continue over the next weeks, especially not for ep9.Weeeelll, we could make an attempt to contact HBO and let them know, if we really really want them to put an end to it in time.But I don't think most people would be okay with doing that.
5697	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-05	I'm so angry.
	Spoiler D&D are, once again, treating female characters like disposable objects. And worse - we're getting more gratuitous torture of a sexworker.

I can now say that I honestly hate D&D.
5698	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-05	You have no idea.No. I declare myself ignorant and clueless on the matter. Now, can someone tell me what the hell is going on?
	Spoiler I didn't really think that Ros could be Dontos'd. If she disappeared at the same time that Sansa did, just after the PW, people in KL (Varys, Tyrion... etc) would have put two and two together since Ros is too linked to LF. But neither did I expect her to go away this soon (even though it makes sense) I never started to dislike her until the end of the last season when she decided to spy on LF (I guess that was when she signed her death sentence) 
WTF??! that is... rather.... wow. How exactly?.. I don't even know what to say. Can someone show me the pics?
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 05 May 2013 - 08:59 AM.
5699	Sun	2013-05-05	Oh, come on, guys. Some of us think spoilers are part of the fun. I for one was thinking this ep was going to be rather dull -  the climb does nothing for me as I find Jon's scene's on the show rather blah - but now I'm looking forward to see how this twist is set up.
5700	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Well, we're not really avoiding talking about it. We're just giving people the opportunity to not see it if they don't want to. This is a thread labeled BOOK spoilers, not show spoilers. And this is definitely something I wish I hadn't been spoiled for. 
It's better than a certain other doctor who forum I used to go on, where the attitude towards spoilers tends to waver between entitlement and bullying of people who choose not to reveal everything they know.
5701	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	I can now say that I honestly hate D&D.You didn't before? I'm honestly surprised.Once again, your taking a scene out of context and damning the show. It's really becoming irritating and repetetive.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 05 May 2013 - 09:06 AM.
5702	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-05	You didn't before? I'm honestly surprised.Before I just thought they were clumsy storytellers and people I probably wouldn't get on with.ETA: How is it possible to take this scene "out of context"?!
	Spoiler It's a sexworker being killed for no reason whatsoever. It doesn't reveal anything new about Joffrey, and therefore it doesn't advance the plot. It's the very definition of gratuitous.

					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 05 May 2013 - 09:07 AM.
5703	ebevan91	2013-05-05	Jon falls off the Wall while climbing and dies. There, you don't have to worry anymore.We can only hope lolAlso
	Spoiler No more of Ros's sweet tits after tonight /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />

					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 05 May 2013 - 09:10 AM.
5704	Sun	2013-05-05	Well, we're not really avoiding talking about it. We're just giving people the opportunity to not see it if they don't want to. This is a thread labeled BOOK spoilers, not show spoilers. And this is definitely something I wish I hadn't been spoiled for.It's better than a certain other doctor who forum I used to go on, where the attitude towards spoilers tends to waver between entitlement and bullying of people who choose not to reveal everything they know.If you've been spoiled then it's because you clicked a spoiler tag, you've only got yourself to blame. People have been very careful to tag everything.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 09:11 AM.
5705	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Before I just thought they were clumsy storytellers and people I probably wouldn't get on with.ETA: How is it possible to take this scene "out of context"?!
	Spoiler It's a sexworker being killed for no reason whatsoever. It doesn't reveal anything new about Joffrey, and therefore it doesn't advance the plot. It's the very definition of gratuitous.

	Spoiler Without having seen the scene you have no way of knowing whether it advances the plot or not. Just off the top of my head, it could be a precursor to the Tyrells abandoning hope of guiding Joffrey and starting planning on the PW, a way for LF to tie up loose ends. The point is, without having seen the episode, you cannot declare that it has not point
5706	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	We can only hope lol for some reason I'm imagining it going down like the end of Die Hard.
5707	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	I'm so angry.
	Spoiler D&D are, once again, treating female characters like disposable objects. And worse - we're getting more gratuitous torture of a sexworker.
I can now say that I honestly hate D&D.
	Spoiler  I don't understand this. I find this show one of the least sexist around, with female characters well fleshed out who are free to be good, brave, selfish, stupid and everything else male characters are allowed to be. It's brutal, yes, but if you think about it that's the whole point. Ros came to KL hoping to improve her life and she's repaid in the most cruel way. Because life sucks. Isn't that what the books have been telling us all along with Ned, Cat and Robb dying? With Arya being close to find her family only to have everything slipping through her fingers? I don't see what it has to do with "women being treated as disposable objects"
5708	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	Before I just thought they were clumsy storytellers and people I probably wouldn't get on with.ETA: How is it possible to take this scene "out of context"?!
	Spoiler It's a sexworker being killed for no reason whatsoever. It doesn't reveal anything new about Joffrey, and therefore it doesn't advance the plot. It's the very definition of gratuitous.
Well...
	Spoiler It does tie up a loose end in LF's story - but it is only a loose end because D&D put it there in the first placeIt does focus 'evil villain' back on Joffrey and takes it off 'Boy' a bit...But yeah... the whole 'Ros' thing was a shambles from the start. Shoddily created, shoddily developed and shoddily removed.
5709	King Tommen	2013-05-05	I'm so angry.
	Spoiler D&D are, once again, treating female characters like disposable objects. And worse - we're getting more gratuitous torture of a sexworker.
I can now say that I honestly hate D&D.It wouldn't be a week in the life of the show without you going completely overboard and overreacting to something that you don't fully understand.  I was wondering where you were....Honestly, just stop posting and hit up tumblr with all the other crazies...  Better yet, it sounds like you just need to stop watching the show.
5710	Dove	2013-05-05	Whatever it is sounds crazy, dang. I'm glad I didn't click on the rest of those pictures now. This is a good way to get pumped for the new episode in any case.
And yeah, agreed with Sun - unless I've overlooked a blatant post everyone's been very careful with spoiler tags. (Thanks you guys for that~) but I'll probably duck out of this thread now just to be safe
5711	King of the Road	2013-05-05	Before I just thought they were clumsy storytellers and people I probably wouldn't get on with.ETA: How is it possible to take this scene "out of context"?!
	Spoiler It's a sexworker being killed for no reason whatsoever. It doesn't reveal anything new about Joffrey, and therefore it doesn't advance the plot. It's the very definition of gratuitous.

	Spoiler  Well you often say how much you hate Ros so I'd have thought that you'd be delighted about this. 
You don't know if it doesn't advance the plot, you haven't seen the episode. As for the sexism complaints that seem to prevail amongst your thoughts, it's getting quite tiresome. There's no need to take such offence every time there's a bit of female exploitation in the show; it reflects the society that the show is set in. Women are mistreated all the time in the novels and yet you never complain that Martin is sexist. Honestly, it wouldn't be a week in the run of the show without you needlessly taking something to heart.
5712	protar	2013-05-05	I'm so angry.
	Spoiler D&D are, once again, treating female characters like disposable objects. And worse - we're getting more gratuitous torture of a sexworker.
I can now say that I honestly hate D&D.
	Spoiler She's being treated as disposable because she's an invented character and the only major(ish) character who they can do whatever they want with. Did you complain about them killing off the Spice King? Because it looks like a very similar situation except for the fact that we know Ros a lot better. I can't say I agree with the placement of her death, imo it will feel messy to introduce Dontos now, but the only misogyny it represents it Joffrey's.
5713	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-05	Spoiler Without having seen the scene you have no way of knowing whether it advances the plot or not. Just off the top of my head, it could be a precursor to the Tyrells abandoning hope of guiding Joffrey and starting planning on the PW, a way for LF to tie up loose ends. The point is, without having seen the episode, you cannot declare that it has not point
 
	Spoiler Those things could be achieved without this scene though. That's my point. So, even if there is a way that this scene is relevant, it's still unnecessary. But I have no doubt it will end up just like the scene last season where Joffrey abused the sexworkers, which was casually referenced a couple of times without having any impact on the plot.

	Spoiler  I don't understand this. I find this show one of the least sexist around, with female characters well fleshed out who are free to be good, brave, selfish, stupid and everything else male characters are allowed to be. It's brutal, yes, but if you think about it that's the whole point. Ros came to KL hoping to improve her life and she's repaid in the most cruel way. Because life sucks. Isn't that what the books have been telling us all along with Ned, Cat and Robb dying? With Arya being close to find her family only to have everything slipping through her fingers? I don't see what it has to do with "women being treated as disposable objects" 
 
	Spoiler There is a huge variety of female characters, you're right, but they're not as well-written as their book counterparts and are sometimes sidelined to expand on male characters (Cersei and Catelyn specifically, although the same is true of Sansa).But the show shows absolutely no respect for women. Female nudity is shown through the male gaze, sexworkers are treated like objects to be used and disposed, etc.
It wouldn't be a week in the life of the show without you going completely overboard and overreacting to something that you don't fully understand.  I was wondering where you were....Honestly, just stop posting and hit up tumblr with all the other crazies...  Better yet, it sounds like you just need to stop watching the show. Stop watching the show? Hahahaha, no way. I'll keep watching and complaining vocally every week.It sounds like you (and a few others) just need to stop reading my posts.
	Spoiler I "don't fully understand"? LMAO. I know far more about sexual violence, violence against women and the male gaze than you do. So it's you who doesn't "fully understand" why this is such a huge issue for the show.
5714	ebevan91	2013-05-05	Spoiler Those things could be achieved without this scene though. That's my point.So, even if there is a way that this scene is relevant, it's still unnecessary. But I have no doubt it will end up just like the scene last season where Joffrey abused the sexworkers, which was casually referenced a couple of times without having any impact on the plot.

	Spoiler There is a huge variety of female characters, you're right, but they're not as well-written as their book counterparts and are sometimes sidelined to expand on male characters (Cersei and Catelyn specifically, although the same is true of Sansa).But the show shows absolutely no respect for women. Female nudity is shown through the male gaze, sexworkers are treated like objects to be used and disposed, etc.
Stop watching the show? Hahahaha, no way. I'll keep watching and complaining vocally every week.It sounds like you (and a few others) just need to stop reading my posts.
	Spoiler I "don't fully understand"? LMAO. I know far more about sexual violence, violence against women and the male gaze than you do. So it's you who doesn't "fully understand" why this is such a huge issue for the show.

	Spoiler Aren't sexworkers SUPPOSED to be just objects, though?
5715	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	If you've been spoiled then it's because you clicked a spoiler tag, you've only got yourself to blame. People have been very careful to tag everything.That's my point, though. I am solely responsible for getting it spoiled. People should have the choice of if they see it or not.And I meant I wish I hadn't been spoiled because the scene will be different now, not so much because I ruined the surprise. It's just different.
5716	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-05	Spoiler Aren't sexworkers SUPPOSED to be just objects, though?

	Spoiler Within Westerosi society, yes. But the narrative of GoT also treats them like objects (consciously or not), which is what I have a problem with. Last season several sexworkers were abused without any impact on the plot. Even the abuse that was taken from the books (Cersei abusing the wrong sexworker) didn't impact the plot as much as it did in the book, where it led to Tyrion threatening to rape Tommen.
5717	King Tommen	2013-05-05	Spoiler Those things could be achieved without this scene though. That's my point.So, even if there is a way that this scene is relevant, it's still unnecessary. But I have no doubt it will end up just like the scene last season where Joffrey abused the sexworkers, which was casually referenced a couple of times without having any impact on the plot.
I'll just reference last week at this exact time when you went off like a crazy person when seeing the Selyse stills and assumed the writers were ripping apart the very fabric of the adaptation and that they were personally violating your sensibilities.  On and on... for pages and pages... just hateful, ignorant bile...And then the episode airs, we all saw how the scene fit within the context of the show and the general consensus was that it fit in just fine and was an interesting minor deviation that Cogman wrote in to give more context to Selyse.I would have thought a week wouldn't have you forget that little tantrum so quickly.  But evidently, we're going to have to all sit and witness the exercise all over again....
5718	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Stop watching the show? Hahahaha, no way. I'll keep watching and complaining vocally every week.It sounds like you (and a few others) just need to stop reading my posts.This kind of attitude makes it extremely hard to respect your views.
5719	King of the Road	2013-05-05	Stop watching the show? Hahahaha, no way. I'll keep watching and complaining vocally every week.It sounds like you (and a few others) just need to stop reading my posts.What a stupid attitude to have. If you don't enjoy it, watch something else, you'll enjoy life more.
5720	Naathi Prince	2013-05-05	It seems like people who are at least temporarily outside of the main action, but important to the end of things (Bran, Arya, soon to be Sansa, Sam) will begin to get the "Bran Season Three" treatment. Small scenes and not even every episode.
5721	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler There is a huge variety of female characters, you're right, but they're not as well-written as their book counterparts and are sometimes sidelined to expand on male characters (Cersei and Catelyn specifically, although the same is true of Sansa).But the show shows absolutely no respect for women. Female nudity is shown through the male gaze, sexworkers are treated like objects to be used and disposed, etc.

	Spoiler  The only reason why characters aren't written as well as their book counterparts (which is something I actually agree with) it's because they have limited time. This is not something particular to female characters though, I mean just look at book Jon vs. show Jon.As for sexworkers being treated as sex object, that's realistic and has very little to do with respect from the show writers, but mainly with the sort of respect they'd get from a society that works that way. Female nudity and male gaze... I can see the point, although I'm not that bothered by it, but in this case I don't see it. They're ending Ros' story, giving her a cruel exit because in the words of the people in charge, Ros represented hopes and dreams that are ultimately squashed.
5722	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	So, anybody got any spoilers to share yet about tonight's episode?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  There were some tweets over at WiC about someone from Russia taking blurry vid right off a tv screen and posting them online, but I don't know where.  I remember though, that the stills we saw last week at this time (Selyse's babies in jars, etc) were from a Russian site.  How in hell do the Russians get this stuff in advance?!
5723	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Yeah, I'm curious about this too. I hope they catch whoever it is before he spoils the RW in any case.
5724	King Tommen	2013-05-05	Spoiler  The only reason why characters aren't written as well as their book counterparts (which is something I actually agree with) it's because they have limited time. This is not something particular to female characters though, I mean just look at book Jon vs. show Jon.As for sexworkers being treated as sex object, that's realistic and has very little to do with respect from the show writers, but mainly with the sort of respect they'd get from a society that works that way. Female nudity and male gaze... I can see the point, although I'm not that bothered by it, but in this case I don't see it. They're ending Ros' story, giving her a cruel exit because in the words of the people in charge, Ros represented hopes and dreams that are ultimately squashed. 

	Spoiler  I haven't seen the episode yet but I would imagine that since we're getting a LF/Varys in the throneroom scene, the point of Ros being fed to Joffrey by LF will be to illustrate one of the ongoing ASOIAF themes that in the Game of Thrones, it's the smallfolk and the innocent who end up suffering the most.  Ros got caught up as a pawn between the "games" of LF and Varys and paid the price through no fault of her own, outside of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.At the same time, after sidelining Joff for most of the season so far, they are going to remind us all of his psychotic and misogynistic tendencies by giving him another innocent plaything for him to cruelly torture.
5725	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	No. I declare myself ignorant and clueless on the matter. Now, can someone tell me what the hell is going on?WTF??! that is... rather.... wow. How exactly?.. I don't even know what to say. Can someone show me the pics?More here: http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD
	Spoiler Sansa's sad face makes me /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> The rest of her makes me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> though.
Those who have managed to remain unspoiled so far, I will say, to taunt you, that the time in season 1 LF and Varys discussing when they last saw each other is probably related to this
5726	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	Yeah, I'm curious about this too. I hope they catch whoever it is before he spoils the RW in any case.It would probably be easier to just all out avoid sites like this and IMDB, especially IMDB since one of the threads there straight up said what the spoiler was for todays show.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 05 May 2013 - 10:00 AM.
5727	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Spoiler  I haven't seen the episode yet but I would imagine that since we're getting a LF/Varys in the throneroom scene, the point of Ros being fed to Joffrey by LF will be to illustrate one of the ongoing ASOIAF themes that in the Game of Thrones, it's the smallfolk and the innocent who end up suffering the most.  Ros got caught up as a pawn between the "games" of LF and Varys and paid the price through no fault of her own, outside of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.At the same time, after sidelining Joff for most of the season so far, they are going to remind us all of his psychotic and misogynistic tendencies by giving him another innocent plaything for him to cruelly torture.
I agree with this.I'm sure someone else has said this but
	Spoiler  I think that Ros's murder will be interspersed with the LF-Varys scene, where LF gives the Climb speech from this trailer. The scene will probably end with Varys's dawning realization of what has happened to his spy. I think it will make for a powerful and horrific scene.
5728	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler  I haven't seen the episode yet but I would imagine that since we're getting a LF/Varys in the throneroom scene, the point of Ros being fed to Joffrey by LF will be to illustrate one of the ongoing ASOIAF themes that in the Game of Thrones, it's the smallfolk and the innocent who end up suffering the most.  Ros got caught up as a pawn between the "games" of LF and Varys and paid the price through no fault of her own, outside of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.At the same time, after sidelining Joff for most of the season so far, they are going to remind us all of his psychotic and misogynistic tendencies by giving him another innocent plaything for him to cruelly torture.

	Spoiler  Yes, this too. I do think that an ongoing theme of the episode will be "If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention" and will be so for a number of characters (Sansa, Ros, Theon and possibly Brienne). It's just a guess though
5729	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Looking at the spoiler again, I noticed that you have 
	Spoiler the X that Theon is strapped to displayed very prominently in that torture scene, in such a way that its shape is emphasized. Then in the scene of Jaime and Brienne you have the flayed man clearly visible in the background. Starting to make it a bit clearer to the non-readers who it is that's holding Theon.

^That is not the spoiler that everyone is all aflutter about, but I put it in spoiler tags just to be safe.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 05 May 2013 - 10:04 AM.
5730	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	It would probably be easier to just all out avoid sites like this and IMDB, especially IMDB since one of the threads there straight up said what the spoiler was for todays show.I'm more worried that some ass will post spoiler pics for the RW everywhere, just to troll people. I want to see the twitter tumblr meltdown in all it's unadulterated glory!
5731	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	It would probably be easier to just all out avoid sites like this and IMDB, especially IMDB since one of the threads there straight up said what the spoiler was for todays show.Terrible, terrible.  Heading over there right now!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5732	lostinasia	2013-05-05	Spoiler It'll be good to see Littlefinger looking powerful and evil as well. The show's generally portrayed him as someone who claims much larger a role than he actually has, which is the opposite of what he is in the book: this will give him more menace.
And more on whatever happens with the crossbow: I'm very curious how or if Margaery is involved. After all, she did ask Joff if he wanted to watch her kill something - could this be Joffrey's idea of a second date? It definitely has the potential to be what makes the Tyrells give up on any idea of keeping the king in check, and in that case could play a bigger role in the plot than the abuse scene last season - which I agree should have served as more of a plot point.
5733	go joff go	2013-05-05	I hope they do stop it.  I'd rather speculate what will happen than basically everything devolve into a spoiler labeled conversation i.e. the last 3 pages.
5734	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	Spoiler It'll be good to see Littlefinger looking powerful and evil as well. The show's generally portrayed him as someone who claims much larger a role than he actually has, which is the opposite of what he is in the book: this will give him more menace.And more on whatever happens with the crossbow: I'm very curious how or if Margaery is involved. After all, she did ask Joff if he wanted to watch her kill something - could this be Joffrey's idea of a second date? It definitely has the potential to be what makes the Tyrells give up on any idea of keeping the king in check, and in that case could play a bigger role in the plot than the abuse scene last season - which I agree should have served as more of a plot point.

	Spoiler  LF is also behind the murder plot of the pw right? so maybe he knows of Marge's manipulation of Joffrey and thinks that maybe the plan won't go through( I think in the books the plan was okayed as soon as Sansa said that joffrey was a monster) so after finding out about ros being a spy instead of just having her killed, he sends her up to joffrey's room and has him deal with her, sealing his own fate.
5735	Honourable Ser	2013-05-05	PatrickStormborn's attitude is exactly the sort of thing that pushes me away from these forums. You don't get anywhere in the world by making knee jerk assumptions.
5736	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-05	I hope they do stop it.  I'd rather speculate what will happen than basically everything devolve into a spoiler labeled conversation i.e. the last 3 pages.did this happen last week with Shireen/Seleyse?
5737	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	PatrickStormborn's attitude is exactly the sort of thing that pushes me away from these forums. You don't get anywhere in the world by making knee jerk assumptions.Just skip over PS's posts, as a lot of us do.  Just move on to the next post and take the conversation from there.  Makes our discussions on this board soooo much more pleasant and enjoyable.
5738	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	I hope they do stop it.  I'd rather speculate what will happen than basically everything devolve into a spoiler labeled conversation i.e. the last 3 pages.There is still speculation going on. But since now that speculation is tinged with knowledge of something genuinely surprising that happens in the episode, we are putting it in spoiler tags (that you are free to open) in case someone chooses not to also be spoiled. The spoiler tags are just a minor inconvenience, so why not be appreciative of the fact that others may not want to know?
5739	King Lobster	2013-05-05	leakbroSo, anybody got any spoilers to share yet about tonight's episode?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  There were some tweets over at WiC about someone from Russia taking blurry vid right off a tv screen and posting them online, but I don't know where.  I remember though, that the stills we saw last week at this time (Selyse's babies in jars, etc) were from a Russian site.  How in hell do the Russians get this stuff in advance?!The guy calls himself "leakbro" and he starts to post them on 4chan
					
					
							Edited by King Lobster, 05 May 2013 - 10:40 AM.
5740	Newstar	2013-05-05	Speculation based on the spoilery screencaps for 3x06 posted:
	Spoiler I thought Littlefinger might feed Ros to Tywin by falsely "outing" her as Tyrion's mistress once he exposed her as Varys' double agent, but feeding her to Joffrey? Elegant, in a way. RIP, Ros. It also goes to show how dangerous Littlefinger is.Looks like a lot of Sansa in one episode. Three separate scenes! That almost never happens for her: that's 1x01, 1x08, and 2x09.Why do you suppose she's crying in that one shot (she's wearing different clothes than in the Loras/Sansa scene and in the bedroom scene with Shae)? Has she just learned of the engagement? Is she watching Littlefinger's ship sail away? It looks like she's twisting something between her fingers. A favour from Loras, maybe?I'm getting a Saint Sebastian vibe from the way Ros' death is depicted.
5741	moonsblood	2013-05-05	I think she's crying because she found out she has to marry Tyrion.
5742	go joff go	2013-05-05	There is still speculation going on. But since now that speculation is tinged with knowledge of something genuinely surprising that happens in the episode, we are putting it in spoiler tags (that you are free to open) in case someone chooses not to also be spoiled. The spoiler tags are just a minor inconvenience, so why not be appreciative of the fact that others may not want to know?I think you misunderstand.  I don' know and don't want to know.  I'm not begrudging people using spoilers and I thank them for so far doing it, but there is no other conversation going on and likely won't be.  Its better then last week where people didn't even bother spoiler tagging the leak, but either way the spoiler stuff basically takes all the air out of the room..
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 05 May 2013 - 10:42 AM.
5743	Orion	2013-05-05	So, anybody got any spoilers to share yet about tonight's episode?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  There were some tweets over at WiC about someone from Russia taking blurry vid right off a tv screen and posting them online, but I don't know where.  I remember though, that the stills we saw last week at this time (Selyse's babies in jars, etc) were from a Russian site.  How in hell do the Russians get this stuff in advance?!Thespoilers can be found at reddit.com in the a song of ice and fire section. There are some screencaps.
5744	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Thespoilers can be found at reddit.com in the a song of ice and fire section. There are some screencaps.Thanks!
5745	Newstar	2013-05-05	I think she's crying because she found out she has to marry Tyrion.Not necessarily. Maybe she's just learned that the engagement to Loras is off but doesn't know of the other engagement (yet). I'm guessing she does find out this episode, though, since the Episode 7 description states that Sansa is "fretting about her prospects," something she wouldn't be doing if she thought the engagement to Loras was still on.
	Spoiler In between Tywin/Olenna, Littlefinger/Varys in the throne room, Melisandre/Arya, Melisandre/Thoros/Beric, Ramsay/Theon, Joffrey/Ros, Jojen having some kind of seizure in his scenes, and all the Sansa scenes, it looks like there's going to be a lot of non-book material in this episode. We'll see how that goes.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 10:54 AM.
5746	Joyful Union	2013-05-05	Wow, the view from the Wall is absolutely beautiful! Looks like AS is really bringing it with the directionhttp://i.imgur.com/kAwmyU6.jpg?1http://i.imgur.com/5Oo5TyX.jpg?1http://i.imgur.com/336HWju.jpg?1
5747	moonsblood	2013-05-05	Or mayhaps she heard the news about 
	Spoiler ros

					
					
							Edited by moonsblood, 05 May 2013 - 11:09 AM.
5748	Effie	2013-05-05	Wow, the view from the Wall is absolutely beautiful! Looks like AS is really bringing it with the directionhttp://i.imgur.com/kAwmyU6.jpg?1http://i.imgur.com/5Oo5TyX.jpg?1http://i.imgur.com/336HWju.jpg?1These are amazing!
5749	The Monkey	2013-05-05	Turning to another of the pictures, not the big spoilery one.(Minor spoiler)
	Spoiler Whose ship is that? Looks like a bird, presumably Littlefinger's mockingbird. Doesn't seem right that the dude would have his sigil on a sail, but what the hell. Guess this confirms that Littlefinger will depart of the Vale this episode.http://i.imgur.com/VF1wuMMh.jpg

					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 05 May 2013 - 11:01 AM.
5750	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-05	Fuck! One of the things I enjoy about this show is that changes are made so we bookreaders can still be surprised, and now I've been deprived of my precious WHAT ON FUCKING EARTH moment! Well, my fault for looking at a spoiler labeled post.
5751	Newstar	2013-05-05	Well, there's a lot of non-book material in the episode, from the looks of it, so we're all kind of "unspoiled" in that respect.
It's kind of funny that Brienne's ugly pink dress is 1) not that ugly and 2) somehow magically fits her perfectly (was there some other 6'3", powerfully built, broad-shouldered lady in residence at Harrenhal, or did they know Brienne was coming and have their tailor make up something real quick)?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 11:16 AM.
5752	Queen of Whores	2013-05-05	Finally they've referred to R'hllor by his proper name, rather than The Lord of Light. That was getting a bit annoying. AS's directing looks yet again great. The shots from atop the Wall are beautiful.
5753	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	How in hell do the Russians get this stuff in advance?!vkontakte (the site) have stuff like this all the time - basically the absence of intellectual property rights in Russia.  Media companies have tried to sue them cos pretty much all film, tv and music is available there to watch, no luck so far.  So if something is leaked it will go up on vk quick cos there's no regulation.
5754	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	It's kind of funny that Brienne's ugly pink dress is 1) not that ugly and 2) somehow magically fits her perfectly (was there some other 6'3", powerfully built, broad-shouldered lady in residence at Harrenhal, or did they know Brienne was coming and have their tailor make up something real quick)?Maybe the bear wore it?
5755	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Finally they've referred to R'hllor by his proper name, rather than The Lord of Light. That was getting a bit annoying. AS's directing looks yet again great. The shots from atop the Wall are beautiful.People are bad at names. Lord of Light is easier for them to remember.
5756	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Well, there's a lot of non-book material in the episode, from the looks of it, so we're all kind of "unspoiled" in that respect.It's kind of funny that Brienne's ugly pink dress is 1) not that ugly and 2) somehow magically fits her perfectly (was there some other 6'3", powerfully built, broad-shouldered lady in residence at Harrenhal, or did they know Brienne was coming and have their tailor make up something real quick)?Maybe its the one Roose wears when nobody is looking?  We do know he likes pink.  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
5757	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Maybe its the one Roose wears when nobody is looking?  We do know he likes pink.  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />He was shown to be quite shorter than her. I was struck by how short he was when he walked away after trolling Jaime.Which makes me realize, for all we know the dress is really short on her.
5758	BananaSpice	2013-05-05	Oh yikes ...
	Spoiler I'm really distubed by the screenshots of Ros ... um, wow. I'm actually shocked.
 /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
5759	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	And that^, ladies and gentlemen, is why the last few pages have been mostly in spoiler tags. Haha.Also, is it cruel foreshadowing or just coincidence that this shot of Theon in the torture getuphttp://i.imgur.com/kY7Eybph.jpgforms a 9 in roman numerals? Hinting at bolton involvement in the events of episode 9? Humans--always seeing patterns in things that aren't there
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 05 May 2013 - 11:29 AM.
5760	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Also, is it cruel foreshadowing or just coincidence that this shot of Theon in the torture getuphttp://i.imgur.com/kY7Eybph.jpgforms a 9 in roman numerals? Hinting at bolton involvement in the events of episode 9? Humans--always seeing patterns in things that aren't thereWow, indeed it does.  Pretty observant there, bobby!
5761	Newstar	2013-05-05	More thoughts:
	Spoiler So this answers the question of whether Tyrion and Sansa will interact at all in Season 3 before the wedding (they didn't in the books). Someone was speculating that the woman with Tyrion in the still is a handmaiden to replace Shae. She does seem to be dressed in standard handmaiden/prostitute wear: those drapey halterneck dresses. I'm not sure what's up with that. Maybe she's already in Sansa's service and she's just announcing Tyrion's presence?If Tyrion is the one who tells her, then maybe it plays out like this: Tyrion tells Sansa of engagement, Sansa desperately tries to track down Littlefinger to inform him of the change in plans, Littlefinger is all "Sorry, sweetheart, my hands are tied," and the last shot of the KL scenes for 3x06 is of Littlefinger's ship finally sailing away.The more I think about it, the more Ros' murder makes sense to me. I'm not loving the torture and murder not only of a female character, but of a female character I'd rather come to like, but...It establishes Littlefinger as a very dangerous man with a casual disregard for the lives and safety of others who is not lightly crossed. It also establishes Joffrey once again as an uncontrollable sadist. In the first part of Season 3, he seemed pretty easily controlled, manipulated and "tamed" by Margaery, so it will be important to remind the audience that Joffrey is a danger to everyone, and to Sansa in particular, to lend urgency to Sansa's attempts to get away from him.I'm waiting until someone does a macro of the shot of Littlefinger's ship sailing away with "LOL BYE BITCH" caps.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 11:41 AM.
5762	Dysun	2013-05-05	Spoiler Was expecting her to take the fall for Marillion, definitely surprised. Glad they are reminding us that Joffrey is a little shit that we love to hate
5763	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	Wow, indeed it does.  Pretty observant there, bobby!Perhaps I should form a conspiracy theory and search the previous episodes for instances of the number 9...nah. Finals are more important, I guess...
5764	The Drunkard	2013-05-05	Man, that picture, brutal.
5765	Bastard Walder	2013-05-05	What the hell is a sex worker? Is the term prostitute considered offensive now?
Edit: 666 posts... I'm gonna keep it this way for a while.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard Walder, 05 May 2013 - 11:58 AM.
5766	Queen of Whores	2013-05-05	What the hell is a sex worker? Is the term prostitute considered offensive now?Yeah they're the same thing. I personally consider 'sex worker' to be a more offensive term anyway. I dunno, people being all PC now.
5767	Lady of Shalott	2013-05-05	Yeah they're the same thing. I personally consider 'sex worker' to be a more offensive term anyway. I dunno, people being all PC now.Where I live, sex workers are unionized, and that's how they choose to call themselves (in the local language of course), so I assume that's what they want to be called.
5768	Colonel Green	2013-05-05	Thoughts on the new images:
	Spoiler I'm not surprised that Ros dies (one way or another, that seemed like the only really logical ending for this story of her becoming a double agent), but I'm surprised it's this early.
While the most obvious conclusion about the Sansa images is her learning about the new engagement, I also wonder if it's her being told about Bran and Rickon, because I'll be really annoyed if the show just skips over her reaction to that, and Tywin brought it up last episode, which was the first indication that anyone in King's Landing had heard about it.
5769	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Thoughts on the new images:
	Spoiler I'm not surprised that Ros dies (one way or another, that seemed like the only really logical ending for this story of her becoming a double agent), but I'm surprised it's this early.While the most obvious conclusion about the Sansa images is her learning about the new engagement, I also wonder if it's her being told about Bran and Rickon, because I'll be really annoyed if the show just skips over her reaction to that, and Tywin brought it up last episode, which was the first indication that anyone in King's Landing had heard about it.
Makes a lot of sense--that's probably exactly it.
5770	Red Hound	2013-05-05	I couldn't resist looking at the screencaps. I wouldn't, but I read somewhere that one of them was very shocking, so I had to!About Littlefinger :
	Spoiler I think that it's important that the show starts to portray LF as the dangerous man he is. We got a glimpse with the betrayal to Ned, but that was two seasons ago and maybe, to the audience, he feels more of a charlatan rather than a villain. We recently got to see Varys' scary side, so maybe this week is LF's.Said this, that picture of Ros already looking dead is a bit shocking. It feels very real somehow. I didn't hate the character and somehow I started to gain some sympathy for her as she's just a mouse trying to survive while surrounded by snakes.
5771	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-05	I couldn't resist looking at the screencaps. I wouldn't, but I read somewhere that one of them was very shocking, so I had to!About Littlefinger :
	Spoiler I think that it's important that the show starts to portray LF as the dangerous man he is. We got a glimpse with the betrayal to Ned, but that was two seasons ago and maybe, to the audience, he feels more of a charlatan rather than a villain. We recently got to see Varys' scary side, so maybe this week is LF's.Said this, that picture of Ros already looking dead is a bit shocking. It feels very real somehow. I didn't hate the character and somehow I started to gain some sympathy for her as she's just a mouse trying to survive while surrounded by snakes.
If the show can accomplish that, then maybe they are doing it right. It is the strong emotional impact of many events that make ASOIAF so great. I still have "nightmares" regarding the night when I read about the RW.
5772	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	It's kind of funny that Brienne's ugly pink dress is 1) not that ugly and 2) somehow magically fits her perfectly (was there some other 6'3", powerfully built, broad-shouldered lady in residence at Harrenhal, or did they know Brienne was coming and have their tailor make up something real quick)?That dress is actually a fairly horrible fashion choice, I so would not want to risk death dressed in that pink-furry thing /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />As for fitting her fine, I have to say I'm glad and I hope it isn't too short either. I know, suspension of disbelief and all, but what comes in the next episode is a pretty dramatic moment, and a dress that doesn't fit makes it visually distracting.Thoughts on the new images:
	Spoiler I'm not surprised that Ros dies (one way or another, that seemed like the only really logical ending for this story of her becoming a double agent), but I'm surprised it's this early.While the most obvious conclusion about the Sansa images is her learning about the new engagement, I also wonder if it's her being told about Bran and Rickon, because I'll be really annoyed if the show just skips over her reaction to that, and Tywin brought it up last episode, which was the first indication that anyone in King's Landing had heard about it.

	Spoiler  I doubt it's that either, because Shae is right beside her looking not too fussed. Or maybe it's just bad acting.
5773	Colonel Green	2013-05-05	Actually, on further reflection:
	Spoiler Perhaps it shouldn't be surprising that Ros dies now, because Littlefinger's time in King's Landing is pretty much over.  At most, he'll be making a one-episode return in episode 10 (or early next season) to recruit Sansa back into his plan, and then his secret return for the escape -- so the opportunities for him to get rid of Ros are almost gone.
5774	Sun	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Jojin's picture almost looks like he's suffering a seizure. Are they making him epileptic?
5775	Sun	2013-05-05	Double post.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 01:08 PM.
5776	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	Damn't why did i look at those.
5777	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	He/She is not the only one^
Lot's of angry folks on Tumblr apparently. Even going so far as to claim they'll "Burn down David and Dan's house's" /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
I don't understand...
5778	Newstar	2013-05-05	Actually, on further reflection:
	Spoiler Perhaps it shouldn't be surprising that Ros dies now, because Littlefinger's time in King's Landing is pretty much over.  At most, he'll be making a one-episode return in episode 10 (or early next season) to recruit Sansa back into his plan, and then his secret return for the escape -- so the opportunities for him to get rid of Ros are almost gone.

	Spoiler I kind of figured something like this would happen when Littlefinger figured out that Ros had snitched on him, only I thought that Littlefinger would lie to Tywin that Ros was Tyrion's mistress. Since Ros is no longer working as a prostitute--she seems to be an executive assistant for Littlefinger, of sorts--I don't know how she wound up in Joffrey's room late at night, unless someone apprehended her and delivered her to him.
Another thing about Sansa:
	Spoiler The scene where Sansa is crying made me wonder who else is in the scene (since Sansa is crying and holding a handkerchief, which presumably someone gave her). There was a set report a while ago about Sansa, Tyrion and Shae filming a scene in the Trsteno arboretum (where all the lovely Red Keep "garden" scenes are filmed). I'd thought it was the scene where Sansa finds out about the Red Wedding, but maybe it's this scene. Maybe Tyrion's also in this scene but out of the frame? It could also be the Tyrells, apologizing for the way things have turned out. Whoever it is must have given her the handkerchief she's holding in that scene.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 01:25 PM.
5779	moonsblood	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Jojin's picture almost looks like he's suffering a seizure. Are they making him epileptic? 
  I think its their interpretation of him having a green dream
5780	King Tommen	2013-05-05	I think all the stuff that is going on (and is yet to happen) in King's Landing this season is going to go a long way towards addressing the issues that some had with LF's overt offer to help Sansa in the S2 finale.  For the audience that believed this ruined the surprise with LF rescuing Sansa out of nowhere after the PW and revealing himself to be the puppetmaster behind everything, I think we'll see a reset.
It appears as if they'll have LF leave for the Eyrie, essentially saying "well, I tried but it didn't work out so now I'm off to bigger and better things...".  Now that it seems that Dontos will reappear, it will not be connected to LF (as he will be long gone).  As in the books, it will seem as if Dontos just wants to help because Sansa helped him.  LF will be out of sight, out of mind and then once we get to the aftermath of the PW, his reappearance will be just as shocking to the audience, but it will still make sense as a callback because he established that he always wanted to help get her out, we just thought he had given up on that particular scheme.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 05 May 2013 - 01:29 PM.
5781	SoManyVows	2013-05-05	Thoughts on the leaked screencaps.
	Spoiler RIP Ros. Damn. I never had a problem with her character that others did, and actually started to admire what Esme Bianco was managing to get out of the role.As others have speculated, I expect that they'll juxtapose her death scene with Littlefinger's confrontation of Varys to score underscore just how ruthless and dangerous this man is. And I agree with the general consensus that this event will serve to kickstart the Tyrell's desire to remove Joffrey in earnest. I keep thinking back to that scene in Episode 3x02 where Margaery seduces Joffrey by asking him to show her the crossbow, and Joffrey asks if she thinks that she could kill something. Maybe Margaery walks in and sees Ros's body hanging there, and Joffrey asks her if she approves (like a dog that kills a squirrel or some other small animal and then brings it to its owner, expecting a pat on the head). Margaery's composure slips for a second, but she manages to maintain her cover. Even so, she recognizes that her manipulation of Joffrey has backfired.So Melisandre will meet Arya ... interesting. And it sure looks like those Baratheon troops are attempting to take Gendry by force.Nice catch on the Roman Numerals, bobbybuilderton! Heavy foreshadowing indeed, intentional or not. Couple that with the Bolton flag in the background of the Jaime/Brienne scene, and I'd be stunned if a good number of the Unsullied haven't figured out Ramsay's true idenity after this week, even if it isn't explicitly mentioned.Not sure what to make of the Sansa crying scene. As Newstar noted, she's wearing a different dress than she is during her conversation with Loras, or else I'd guess that it's the aftermath of him informing her their engagement has been annulled. Maybe she's watching Littlefinger's ship depart over the bay?Those shots from on top of the Wall look gorgeous. Jon is showing his new lady quite the time.I wouldn't be surprised if that one leaked screencap of Daenerys turns out to be from the promo for next week. I had been under the impression that Dany's scenes that were originally scripted for 306 had been moved forward into 305, and as a result we wouldn't see Dany this week (It's going to be a busy week as it is, and if Dany does make an appearance, then Stannis and the Dragonstone crew are the only group of characters pretty much guaranteed not to be appear).
5782	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	According to the imdb credits for ep7, looks like we're getting a scene with LF and Lysa.
5783	Newstar	2013-05-05	Thoughts on the leaked screencaps.
	Spoiler It occurs to me that it's possible that Sansa learns that her engagement to Loras is kaput and that Littlefinger will be unable to rescue her from King's Landing in 3x06--thus the tears--but that she doesn't learn the horrible truth about her impending wedding to Tyrion until the eleventh hour.
According to the imdb credits for ep7, looks like we're getting a scene with LF and Lysa.Yes. It was spoiled a while ago that Lysa and Sweetrobin's actors were filming stuff for Season 3, and 3x07 seems like the episode where those scenes will go.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 01:42 PM.
5784	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	Spoiler It occurs to me that it's possible that Sansa learns that her engagement to Loras is kaput and that Littlefinger will be unable to rescue her from King's Landing in 3x06--thus the tears--but that she doesn't learn the horrible truth about her impending wedding to Tyrion until the eleventh hour.
God I hope they keep it very close to the original scene from the books next week and have Cersei tell her who she is marrying.
5785	The Monkey	2013-05-05	Spoiler @ Melisandre meeting Arya: I hope they, as someone above suggested, have it so that Mel takes over some of the woods witch's lines in the book, about how Arya is an "evil child". I also hope Arya slaps Melisandre for that comment, as she slapped the woods witch.
5786	King Tommen	2013-05-05	He/She is not the only one^Lot's of angry folks on Tumblr apparently. Even going so far as to claim they'll "Burn down David and Dan's house's" /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I don't understand...I find the Tumblr folk are generally (not always) hardcore lady fans who enjoy the romantic aspects of the series and all of the "shipping" that this entails.  There are a ton of feminists sprinkled in there who have brought their own baggage into the series and look at as some kind of comment or ongoing example of "girl power" or deconstruction of the traditional depiction of females in fantasy and genre works.  As a result, most of their perspective on the show is rooted in how much the depiction of the ladies reinforces their views on this.  It's very fanatical and even worse than the "book purist" type of fanaticism that is rooted more in just a strict adherence to the source material.  These fans aren't looking at the entertainment value of the show as much as they are wanting it to be a political statement of what they feel the hardwired character traits of the female characters that they have positioned as their examples of feminism.It's all very dogmatic and passionate to a ridiculous level.  There is a lack of perspective wherever you look there and while I can pick out some valid complaints that are brought up from time to time, they are buried in a mountain of psychological baggage that applies more to their personal lives than what has actually been written in the books are put up on the screen.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 05 May 2013 - 01:48 PM.
5787	Dysun	2013-05-05	He/She is not the only one^Lot's of angry folks on Tumblr apparently. Even going so far as to claim they'll "Burn down David and Dan's house's" /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I don't understand...Irrational expectations whenever media changes source drives people loony
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 05 May 2013 - 01:47 PM.
5788	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	In the first of the leaked screencaps, is that
	Spoiler 
another person sitting at the table with Joff?  On the right, just left of the tall candlabra thing--Margaery, maybe?  I swear I see what looks like hands on the right, just above table level, and the dark outline above it--Margaery's dark hair as her face is turned away from the camera?
5789	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	In the first of the leaked screencaps, is that
	Spoiler another person sitting at the table with Joff?  On the right, just left of the tall candlabra thing--Margaery, maybe?  I swear I see what looks like hands on the right, just above table level, and the dark outline above it--Margaery's dark hair as her face is turned away from the camera?

	Spoiler its a seat isn't it? Where is the 'table'? If we are looking at the same thing then its a cushion with a tassel that looks like hands.
5790	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Spoiler its a seat isn't it? Where is the 'table'? If we are looking at the same thing then its a cushion with a tassel that looks like hands.
Aha, you're absolutely right, thanks!  As Gilda Radner used to say:  "Never mind!'
5791	Breaking Bronn	2013-05-05	Thanks to imdb this won't be a surprise tonight. Here on out, I'm staying away on weekends.
Still, it's an interesting development
					
					
							Edited by Breaking Bronn, 05 May 2013 - 01:58 PM.
5792	Loras	2013-05-05	In the first of the leaked screencaps, is that
	Spoiler another person sitting at the table with Joff?  On the right, just left of the tall candlabra thing--Margaery, maybe?  I swear I see what looks like hands on the right, just above table level, and the dark outline above it--Margaery's dark hair as her face is turned away from the camera?
That would actually make so much more sense...
	Spoiler Joff trying to impress Marge - or even giving Marge the chance to shoot Ros... especially given the scene in 3x02.
5793	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler  It did cross my mind Margaery might be witnessing this and unable to do anything, as she was the one bringing up killing "something" therefore validating it in Joffrey's eyes. Which is tragic.
5794	ohpooratlas	2013-05-05	Regarding the first of the spoilerish caps ...
	Spoiler All I can say is ... wow.  I know this scene is going to make me very uncomfortable.  I don't think I've been this uncomfortable since the scene where Jofferey beats the other whore from season 2.
R.I.P. Ros.
I actually liked her and I am a book reader too.  Did not want to see her go out this way.
This definetely fascilitates a number of plot turns ...
a.) it shows how dangerous Littlefinger is.
b.) the Tyrells will NOT stand for Marg marrying him after this; I do not think Marg will be in the room when it happens, but I think they will definitely find out. Marg "walk in" like some people have mentioned.  And then we will get the ball rolling for the PW next season.
This also effectively kills any notion of Ros being the Jeyne Poole stand in.
Some seriously disturbing stuff to (not) look forward to this episode.
Now just imagine the RW in a couple of episodes. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> 

					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 05 May 2013 - 02:12 PM.
5795	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	Oh, I'm sorry for being offended by TRIGGERING scenes that show a complete disregard for female characters.Triggering is unfortunate and the fact that this scene brings up something bad for you is terrible and sad, but any violent scene (Male or Female) could be triggering for some one.
					
					
							Edited by Nick_Scryer, 05 May 2013 - 02:14 PM.
5796	Newstar	2013-05-05	Spoiler Apart from illustrating how dangerous Littlefinger--having engineered Ros' death--and Joffrey--having tortured and killed Ros--are as individuals, the murder of Ros (an established King's Landing character) also raises the stakes for the King's Landing plotline considerably. Up until 3x06, there wasn't really any sense of danger or menace to the King's Landing storyline (unlike Season 2, which had psychopathic Joffrey and an imminent siege): it's all been sassy Olenna, brothel hijinx, secret engagements, and Joffrey showing himself a pliable fiance to Margaery. With Ros' murder, a tonal shift has been established, showing that the stakes are extremely high, no one is messing around, and that King's Landing remains a very dangerous place.

As for this "triggering" business...
	Spoiler I'm not quite sure how seeing someone full of arrows could be triggering for a 21st century viewer of either gender, unless they were once used as target practice by some really creative bullies who were dab hands with a bow and arrow.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 02:23 PM.
5797	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	Spoiler Apart from illustrating how dangerous Littlefinger--having engineered Ros' death--and Joffrey--having tortured and killed Ros--are as individuals, the murder of Ros (an established King's Landing character) also raises the stakes for the King's Landing plotline considerably. Up until 3x06, there wasn't really any sense of danger or menace to the King's Landing storyline (unlike Season 2, which had psychopathic Joffrey and an imminent siege): it's all been sassy Olenna, secret engagements, and Joffrey showing himself a pliable fiance to Margaery. With Ros' murder, a tonal shift has been established, showing that the stakes are extremely high, no one is messing around, and that King's Landing remains a very dangerous place.
 /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  and also 
	Spoiler If Joffrey shot Ross to impress Margaery, it can work as a nice setup for the "assassin dagger" reveal.
5798	Nezzer	2013-05-05	Oh, I'm sorry for being offended by TRIGGERING scenes that show a complete disregard for female characters.But you're right. If I'm uncomfortable about something I should just stay silent and not talk about it. Great advice!!! You're helping to maintain the patriarchy and the status quo. Bless you.Yes, Joffrey killing women means that D&D think all women are just objects. I suppose they also like to torture, rape and kill people too, because that happens pretty often in the show. Maybe GRRM is also a sick bastard that likes incest because there are people having incestuous sex in his books.Your logic is amazing. You should be proud of yourself.The problem about your complaints is not that you want them to improve the show. It's not constructive criticism. You are just trying to convice other people, who are enjoying the show, to feel as unhappy and disappointed as you are. Good thing no one takes you seriously anymore.
5799	Nezzer	2013-05-05	About the pics, are Thoros and Melisandre speaking Valyrian? Their pic is the only one with subtitles and they say "R'hllor".
5800	Doctor Steve Brule	2013-05-05	Thoughts on the leaked screencaps.
	Spoiler RIP Ros. Damn. I never had a problem with her character that others did, and actually started to admire what Esme Bianco was managing to get out of the role.As others have speculated, I expect that they'll juxtapose her death scene with Littlefinger's confrontation of Varys to score underscore just how ruthless and dangerous this man is. And I agree with the general consensus that this event will serve to kickstart the Tyrell's desire to remove Joffrey in earnest. I keep thinking back to that scene in Episode 3x02 where Margaery seduces Joffrey by asking him to show her the crossbow, and Joffrey asks if she thinks that she could kill something. Maybe Margaery walks in and sees Ros's body hanging there, and Joffrey asks her if she approves (like a dog that kills a squirrel or some other small animal and then brings it to its owner, expecting a pat on the head). Margaery's composure slips for a second, but she manages to maintain her cover. Even so, she recognizes that her manipulation of Joffrey has backfired.So Melisandre will meet Arya ... interesting. And it sure looks like those Baratheon troops are attempting to take Gendry by force.Nice catch on the Roman Numerals, bobbybuilderton! Heavy foreshadowing indeed, intentional or not. Couple that with the Bolton flag in the background of the Jaime/Brienne scene, and I'd be stunned if a good number of the Unsullied haven't figured out Ramsay's true idenity after this week, even if it isn't explicitly mentioned.Not sure what to make of the Sansa crying scene. As Newstar noted, she's wearing a different dress than she is during her conversation with Loras, or else I'd guess that it's the aftermath of him informing her their engagement has been annulled. Maybe she's watching Littlefinger's ship depart over the bay?Those shots from on top of the Wall look gorgeous. Jon is showing his new lady quite the time.I wouldn't be surprised if that one leaked screencap of Daenerys turns out to be from the promo for next week. I had been under the impression that Dany's scenes that were originally scripted for 306 had been moved forward into 305, and as a result we wouldn't see Dany this week (It's going to be a busy week as it is, and if Dany does make an appearance, then Stannis and the Dragonstone crew are the only group of characters pretty much guaranteed not to be appear).

					
					
							Edited by Groovy the Greenseer, 05 May 2013 - 02:28 PM.
5801	mormont	2013-05-05	[mod] Enough with the personal stuff. Stick to the topic, and the topic is not each other. [/mod]
5802	teemo	2013-05-05	where are these spoiler pics i've gone back through the thread and can't find them??
5803	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	About the pics, are Thoros and Melisandre speaking Valyrian? Their pic is the only one with subtitles and they say "R'hllor".Interesting!!
	Spoiler They're finally identifying R'hollor.  I predict it won't be too long at all before the Unsullied over at TWoP are referring to the Lord of Light's priests/priestesses as 'Holy R'hollors!'
5804	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	where are these spoiler pics i've gone back through the thread and can't find them??http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD
5805	Sun	2013-05-05	I think its their interpretation of him having a green dream
	Spoiler  I was thinking more along the lines that they're making the seizures a side effect of the green dreams. It explains his deteriorating health, and why he needs to be taken care of. 

					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 02:33 PM.
5806	Newstar	2013-05-05	Another thought:
	Spoiler Melisandre takes a good, close look at Arya. Does anyone think maybe that Melisandre will get some of the Ghost of High Heart lines about Arya?
5807	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-05	The problem about your complaints is not that you want them to improve the show. It's not constructive criticism. You are just trying to convice other people, who are enjoying the show, to feel as unhappy and disappointed as you are. Good thing no one takes you seriously anymore.It's not constructive because, by this point, it's clear to me that D&D are never going to change things like this. Last season I was very, very constructive in my criticisms towards the show. I actually defended the Joffrey/sexworkers scene in season two because, as I said at the time, it could have been used to demonstrate why Margaery couldn't marry Joffrey. But the problem is that this never happened. It was only ever referred to briefly afterwards and hasn't had any long-term impact on the plot.So maybe you and other posters need to stop trying to reduce me to a ~book purist hater~ and think about WHY I've become so disillusioned with the show, and why I have a knee-jerk reaction when I see triggering scenes like this.When it comes to the presentation of female characters, D&D have given me absolutely no reasons whatsoever to have any faith in them, and they've also made it very clear that they do not read criticism about the show. So why should I be constructive? Why should I continue being hopeful that maybe one day the show will improve?If you enjoy the show - great! I'm glad you do, and believe it or not I'm not trying to ruin your enjoyment of the show. I just want viewers to be able to acknowledge the flaws with the show and discuss them. Ignoring them is not healthy and will only lead to more insensitive and offensive portrayals.
5808	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	Another thought:
	Spoiler Melisandre takes a good, close look at Arya. Does anyone think maybe that Melisandre will get some of the Ghost of High Heart lines about Arya?

	Spoiler I was thinking this, but it would be odd if Mel calls her a wolf child, and possibly recognizes her as a Stark, but does nothing about it. As far as we know, Mel doesn't take her away.
5809	moonsblood	2013-05-05	Spoiler  I was thinking more along the lines that they're making the seizures a side effect of the green dreams. It explains his deteriorating health, and why he needs to be taken care of. 
 /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
5810	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	About the pics, are Thoros and Melisandre speaking Valyrian? Their pic is the only one with subtitles and they say "R'hllor".Must be. I guess they wanted to stress that both these characters are foreigners and to spell out R'hllor because otherwise it is very difficult to remember.
5811	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-05	When it comes to the presentation of female characters, D&D have given me absolutely no reasons whatsoever to have any faith in them, and they've also made it very clear that they do not read criticism about the show. So why should I be constructive? Why should I continue being hopeful that maybe one day the show will improve?I don't understand this paragraph. Every single female character on the show minus the one line extra whores are strong characters.
5812	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	It's not constructive because, by this point, it's clear to me that D&D are never going to change things like this. Last season I was very, very constructive in my criticisms towards the show. I actually defended the Joffrey/sexworkers scene in season two because, as I said at the time, it could have been used to demonstrate why Margaery couldn't marry Joffrey. But the problem is that this never happened. It was only ever referred to briefly afterwards and hasn't had any long-term impact on the plot.So maybe you and other posters need to stop trying to reduce me to a ~book purist hater~ and think about WHY I've become so disillusioned with the show, and why I have a knee-jerk reaction when I see triggering scenes like this.When it comes to the presentation of female characters, D&D have given me absolutely no reasons whatsoever to have any faith in them, and they've also made it very clear that they do not read criticism about the show. So why should I be constructive? Why should I continue being hopeful that maybe one day the show will improve?If you enjoy the show - great! I'm glad you do, and believe it or not I'm not trying to ruin your enjoyment of the show. I just want viewers to be able to acknowledge the flaws with the show and discuss them. Ignoring them is not healthy and will only lead to more insensitive and offensive portrayals.We've been able to discuss flaws in the show just fine.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 May 2013 - 02:38 PM.
5813	Sun	2013-05-05	Another thought:
	Spoiler Melisandre takes a good, close look at Arya. Does anyone think maybe that Melisandre will get some of the Ghost of High Heart lines about Arya?
Yes. Mentioned it a few pages back.
5814	King Lobster	2013-05-05	Something fishy is going on with the leaks...
No Robb or Roose this week
Last week no Stannis or Shireen
Last week the stillborns as shocking moment
This week 
	Spoiler Ros

					
					
							Edited by King Lobster, 05 May 2013 - 02:42 PM.
5815	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-05	Something fishy is going on with the leaks...No Robb or Roose this weekLast week no Stannis or ShireenLast week the stillborns as shocking momentThis week 
	Spoiler Ros
Roose and Robb are definitely in this episode. One of the spoiler pics for this week show Jaime and Brienne at the dinner table in Harrenhal. I think the person who took them just didn't take pictures of every single scene.
5816	Nezzer	2013-05-05	Must be. I guess they wanted to stress that both these characters are foreigners and to spell out R'hllor because otherwise it is very difficult to remember.I hope so. The more people speaking Valyrian in the show, the better /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />
5817	Sun	2013-05-05	Something fishy is going on with the leaks...No Robb or Roose this weekLast week no Stannis or ShireenLast week the stillborns as shocking momentThis week 
	Spoiler Ros
Leaks generally cover the most interesting bits. Pics of Robb & the Freys around a grand table are not interesting, and already covered in the  preview. Similarly Roose.  These are leaks, not photo summaries of the ep.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 May 2013 - 02:47 PM.
5818	sati	2013-05-05	Something fishy is going on with the leaks...No Robb or Roose this weekLast week no Stannis or ShireenLast week the stillborns as shocking momentThis week 
	Spoiler Ros
I agree it's very weird that some moments are not in the screencaps.
5819	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	I hope so. The more people speaking Valyrian in the show, the better /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />The creator himself admitted he made it a very "pretty" language.http://www.vulture.c...e-inventor.html
5820	Angmar	2013-05-05	Jojen Reed has a seizure...Does that ever happen in the books? I remember he was very fragile and sick, but not shaking or seizures...That's Robert Arryn's deal.
					
					
							Edited by Angmar, 05 May 2013 - 03:04 PM.
5821	teemo	2013-05-05	I have a vkontakte account and have been looking all over and found nothing :\
5822	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	I have a vkontakte account and have been looking all over and found nothing :\I answered your inquiry immediately about where to find the spoiler pics.  But, here they are again!http://imgur.com/a/EbTjD
5823	teemo	2013-05-05	Thank you! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> yep, just wandering around over there to see if I can find anything else...i'm such a spoiler junkie...
5824	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Thank you! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> yep, just wandering around over there to see if I can find anything else...i'm such a spoiler junkie...Me, too, let us know if you find anything new!
5825	YTDN	2013-05-05	I find this whole thing of people freaking out about the sexual violence a bit hypocritical. It happens mostly in tumblr though.When Theon was about to get raped in the earlier episodes nobody cried out about how horrible and insensitive the writers are. Instead people were going around saying he has a cute ass or he deserved rape or whatever bs.Not everyone of course, many fans called out on this shit clearly, but then again they were mostly Theon fans. They aren't the same people who go around crying/defending the female characters of the show.Something bad  happens to a female character though, and all hell breaks loose. EVERYBODY goes and on and says how it's bad and how disgusting it is to show rape and so and so. Which is very good to show and tell, but...But then, why didn't these fans come over and say the same thing with Theon?So according to these people, rape is good if it happens to a man? It's not worthy of attention?I feel I must speak up in defence of tumblr here. Yes, there are a lot of people there who are interested in the feminist aspects of Game of Thrones, since it's one of the few shows on TV that has a variety of unique, complex female characters who aren't just accessories to the plots of male characters. There are also lots of people tehre who watch GoT because it's a good show.Regarding the whole Theon issue, I'm not sure where you've got the idea that the whole of tumblr is fine with guy rape but not girl rape. There are some assholes who think Theon deserves what he got (a view that is not uncommon in other parts of the fanbase), but there are just as many who are invested in Theon's character and think such attitudes are gross.Please don't tarnish an entire website and fanbase with the same brush. It's like saying that Westeros.org is populated entirely with nutty book purists. There are some people like that, but they're just the most vocal. Most people just want to enjoy the show.
5826	Newstar	2013-05-05	The concept of "spoilers" is a little less meaningful when the show is based on a series of books anyone can pick up and read. It reminds me of that hilarious Tor.com April Fool's joke a while ago where they posted an alarmist announcement in April 2012 to the effect that the entirety of Season 2 had been leaked prior to the Season 2 premiere...through the publication and distribution of copies of A Clash of Kings. Shocking!That's why it's kind of neat from a spoiler junkie perspective when the show introduces plots or characters not in the books, since it means that book readers will be just as "unspoiled" as everyone else. The destination will probably be roughly the same as in the books, ultimately, but the detours keep everyone, including the book readers, guessing.As an example, just look at the changes to TV Shae's characterization and her relationship with Tyrion, for one. We know that things will probably end badly for Tyrion/Shae, and that she'll probably die in Season 4, but because of the book/TV changes, it's not at all clear that it will play out the same way as in the books. Will she betray Tyrion? Will she be coerced into testifying against him? Will she turn on Tyrion out of jealousy? Will she wind up helping Sansa escape? If she doesn't betray Tyrion, will he still kill her? Will Tywin kill her? Who knows? The end result will probably be the same (Shae dead, Tyrion en route to Essos a broken man), but the "how" is a mystery, even to book readers. Ditto for Theon's arc this season, Sansa and Shae's friendship, Loras and Cersei's engagement, etc. etc.This series has brought my inner spoiler junkie, for sure. Not only am I not content to read the books the series was based on, I'm desperately searching for spoilers for an episode that will air in fewer than five hours. How sad is that? LOL.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 05 May 2013 - 03:13 PM.
5827	Angmar	2013-05-05	I feel I must speak up in defence of tumblr here. Yes, there are a lot of people there who are interested in the feminist aspects of Game of Thrones, since it's one of the few shows on TV that has a variety of unique, complex female characters who aren't just accessories to the plots of male characters. There are also lots of people tehre who watch GoT because it's a good show.Regarding the whole Theon issue, I'm not sure where you've got the idea that the whole of tumblr is fine with guy rape but not girl rape. There are some assholes who think Theon deserves what he got (a view that is not uncommon in other parts of the fanbase), but there are just as many who are invested in Theon's character and think such attitudes are gross.Please don't tarnish an entire website and fanbase with the same brush. It's like saying that Westeros.org is populated entirely with nutty book purists. There are some people like that, but they're just the most vocal. Most people just want to enjoy the show.1) that's what it is for me. i find likeable female characters in many shows, but i don't find such shows like GoT so well written.2) You mean it isn't? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Now that's a spoiler!Fine, okay, but it'd be better if people didn't go around being all hypocrites. "oh it's awful that there's so much rape, I hate what they do with Ros" "oh yeah, like with Theon too" "who cares about him?"annoys me to no end.
5828	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	I have a vkontakte account and have been looking all over and found nothing :\Ivan Sidorov (guessing he is Russian) posted earlier http://vk.com/wall-297836_524306 which has the sceenshots so far.  Not sure if there are any undiscovered ones on there.You Russian too, schala? Glad there are other people in these parts on vkontakte!
5829	YTDN	2013-05-05	1) that's what it is for me. i find likeable female characters in many shows, but i don't find such shows like GoT so well written.2) You mean it isn't? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Now that's a spoiler!Fine, okay, but it'd be better if people didn't go around being all hypocrites. "oh it's awful that there's so much rape, I hate what they do with Ros" "oh yeah, like with Theon too" "who cares about him?"annoys me to no end.I haven't come across any blogs on tumblr who have criticised violence against women in GoT but were okay with what happened to Theon, but then again I tend to try and stay away from that part of the fandom. All the blogs I follow are big Theon fans, so I don't see that attitude.
5830	moonsblood	2013-05-05	It's not constructive because, by this point, it's clear to me that D&D are never going to change things like this. Last season I was very, very constructive in my criticisms towards the show. I actually defended the Joffrey/sexworkers scene in season two because, as I said at the time, it could have been used to demonstrate why Margaery couldn't marry Joffrey. But the problem is that this never happened. It was only ever referred to briefly afterwards and hasn't had any long-term impact on the plot.So maybe you and other posters need to stop trying to reduce me to a ~book purist hater~ and think about WHY I've become so disillusioned with the show, and why I have a knee-jerk reaction when I see triggering scenes like this.When it comes to the presentation of female characters, D&D have given me absolutely no reasons whatsoever to have any faith in them, and they've also made it very clear that they do not read criticism about the show. So why should I be constructive? Why should I continue being hopeful that maybe one day the show will improve?If you enjoy the show - great! I'm glad you do, and believe it or not I'm not trying to ruin your enjoyment of the show. I just want viewers to be able to acknowledge the flaws with the show and discuss them. Ignoring them is not healthy and will only lead to more insensitive and offensive portrayals.I don't have much faith in D&D myself, but I think the network is more to blame for maintaining the patriarchal status quo, Hbo wants to make money, the target audience for this show is young men, and to get their money they feel they have to pander to the male gaze.  On the other side, compared to many other shows out there, there are quite a lot of 3 dimensional women.  Baby steps man, baby steps.  I admit there are a few shows i hate-watch, thrones sometimes being one of them, but if its really as triggering for you as it seems maybe for your sanity's sake you should take a step away from the show for a bit
5831	King Tommen	2013-05-05	I find this whole thing of people freaking out about the sexual violence a bit hypocritical. It happens mostly in tumblr though.When Theon was about to get raped in the earlier episodes nobody cried out about how horrible and insensitive the writers are. Instead people were going around saying he has a cute ass or he deserved rape or whatever bs.Not everyone of course, many fans called out on this shit clearly, but then again they were mostly Theon fans. They aren't the same people who go around crying/defending the female characters of the show.Something bad  happens to a female character though, and all hell breaks loose. EVERYBODY goes and on and says how it's bad and how disgusting it is to show rape and so and so. Which is very good to show and tell, but...But then, why didn't these fans come over and say the same thing with Theon?So according to these people, rape is good if it happens to a man? It's not worthy of attention?I'd also like to point out that the show is equal opportunity in reigning misery down on characters determined to be "not important' or marginalized by their status.  No one seemed to give a shit that Ramsay callously murdered his own men (who were hunting Theon on his orders) by firing an arrow into a guy's head at point blank range for Ramsay's own random amusement.Or that some innocent little boys got awoken suddenly and stabbed through their chests because they had the wrong last name? Or how about those kids that got burnt alive for no other reason than they were around the same size as some other kids they could be passed off as?  Won't anyone think of the children????There's all the gratuitous slaughter of animals like having a wolf its throat slit while it's awaiting some attention from its master, or a horse getting its head chopped off?  Are there any triggering events for sickos with any of these happenings?It's silly.  Shitty things happen to men, women, children and animals that don't deserve it on this show all the time.  I'm sorry there's some particular personal issue that exists with harm done to prostitutes but that's the individual's baggage to deal with, not the show's.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 05 May 2013 - 04:05 PM.
5832	moonsblood	2013-05-05	Jojen Reed has a seizure...Does that ever happen in the books? I remember he was very fragile and sick, but not shaking or seizures...That's Robert Arryn's deal.  nope never happens in the books, I think they are trying to play up the "magic comes at a price" kinda thing
					
					
							Edited by moonsblood, 05 May 2013 - 04:12 PM.
5833	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-05	The manufactured outrage that is on display here and in some other sites around the internet... Honestly, it's fucking hilarious. And hugely hypocritical. If these various "issues" that tend to spring up throughout the airing of each season thus far were so important to the offended parties, you'd have to imagine they'd be spending their time more constructively than by condemning it on fairly specific fan message boards. "Oh my goodness, this blurry picture of an actress pretending to be dead with fake arrows littered throughout her body TRIGGERS..." ...what, exactly, does it trigger? That time a misogynistic boy King killed you? It's just so ridiculous, it borders on self-parody. On-topic: Wish I hadn't seen those photos, but I wasn't expecting much more than what we got last week with the pickled fetuses, in terms of 'spoilers'. I'll be sure to avoid them next week, if they pop up again. On the other hand, this episode looks more interesting than I'd originally been thinking it would be, so that's a plus. Anyway, rage on. Over a television show.
5834	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	I'd also like to point out that the show is equal opportunity in reigning misery down on characters determined to be "not important' or marginalized by their status.  No one seemed to give a shit that Ramsay callously murdered his own men (who were hunting Theon on his orders) by firing an arrow into a guy's head at point blank range for Ramsay's own random amusement.Or that some innocent little boys got awoken suddenly and stabbed through their chests because they had the wrong last name? Or how about those kids that got burnt alive for no other reason than they were around the same size as some other kids they could be passed off as?  Won't anyone think of the children????There's all the gratuitous slaughter of animals like having a wolf its throat slit while it's awaiting some attention from its master, or a horse getting its head chopped off?  Are there any triggering events for sickos with any of these happenings?It's silly.  Shitty things happen to men, women, children and animals that don't deserve it on this show all the time.  I'm sorry there's some particular personal issue that exists with harm done to prostitutes but that's the individual's baggage to deal with, not the show's.I think actually people did care about Martyn and Willem Lannister being murdered last episode.  They may have cared about Theon's captors if the latter weren't generic 'bad guys' and the millers' boys too if we'd seen it happen.  Plus loads of people were up in arms about Lady!I like Patrick mainly cos he and Protar make my opinion of D&D look more moderate, but I think he is downplaying all the other suffering that goes on in the show's world, which you are right to point out.  Lots of people get a shit deal.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 05 May 2013 - 04:18 PM.
5835	Angmar	2013-05-05	I haven't come across any blogs on tumblr who have criticised violence against women in GoT but were okay with what happened to Theon, but then again I tend to try and stay away from that part of the fandom. All the blogs I follow are big Theon fans, so I don't see that attitude.That's because the Theon fans are the best part of the GoT fandom on tumblr.
5836	ohpooratlas	2013-05-05	I actually do understand the outrage. I don't understand why people are being so black and white regarding the issue. People are so polarized and quick to point fingers at one another.Those screenshots were very disturbing for me. I was equally disturbed by the image of the two Lannister boys being killed (did not expect to see it on screen for one), for the death of Lady, and for the almost rape of Theon.One has to ask, however ... does the upcoming scene actually serve a purpose? Or is it completely gratuitous? I will continue my analyses of that question in a spoiler cut for obvious reasons.
	Spoiler I don't think it is gratuitous. I think Ros's death will serve a purpose.Again, her death facilitates many things. One, it serves to remind us that Littlefinger is someone to be feared (she is filling in where Varys' magi filled in) but it will also probably prompt the QoT to officially put the scheme to kill Joffery into motion.If this was just another scene that was scripted to show how much of a sadist Joffery is, and that's it, it would be another issue all together and I would argue that it is gratuitous and unecessary. I'm sure that's part of it. We haven't really seen Joffery in true form for almost a full season now and we are going to be reminded of how utterly horrible a person he is. The books hinted that Joffery could become another "Mad King" and I think this scene is going to drive that idea home to the show viewers as well.But that's not all the scene appears to be.We won't really know for certain until the episode airs.
With all that said, I am not looking forward to this scene and don't even know that I'll be able to watch it.I don't think that makes D&D chauvinists though.Most of the main female characters are very strong and multi-dimensional. That's one of the reasons I love the book series and the tv show because they do such a wonderful job in portraying that fact.
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 05 May 2013 - 04:32 PM.
5837	Bizzy	2013-05-05	Ivan Sidorov (guessing he is Russian) posted earlier http://vk.com/wall-297836_524306 which has the sceenshots so far.  Not sure if there are any undiscovered ones on there.The hell? I don't know if I should see this as shoking, overdone, or if I should be happy about it /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> .
5838	moonsblood	2013-05-05	I took a closer look at the screencap 
	Spoiler you can see all the arrows that missed, I think this scene will be an escalated version of that part in the book where Joff is trying to kill the rabbits with his crossbow, but he has shit aim.  As to how she becomes his target practice, I'm sure LF has everything to do with it.
5839	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Why do all deaths need to serve a greater purpose and set something in motion? Realistically speaking, this is rarely the case. Also, the books are packed with violence against all and women too. In fact, if you ask me I believe the show has toned it down a lot (NW's men raping Craster's daughters anyone?)
5840	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	In the screencap with 
	Spoiler Thoros and Mel, what the hell am I seeing on the far right?  A scarecrow?  A person-shaped shrubbery?
5841	moonsblood	2013-05-05	In the screencap with 
	Spoiler Thoros and Mel, what the hell am I seeing on the far right?  A scarecrow?  A person-shaped shrubbery?
 maybe its a poppet for magical burnings
5842	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	maybe its a poppet for magical burningsLOL, or maybe its Guy Fawkes Day in Westeros?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5843	moonsblood	2013-05-05	LOL, or maybe its Guy Fawkes Day in Westeros?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> maybe a pinata for cinco de mayo!
5844	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	maybe a pinata for cinco de mayo!HAHAHAHA, you win!
5845	moonsblood	2013-05-05	Mel's bringing the chips and queso, Thoros wanted to make margaritas but limes are hard to come by in the riverlands.
5846	teemo	2013-05-05	Ivan Sidorov (guessing he is Russian) posted earlier http://vk.com/wall-297836_524306 which has the sceenshots so far.  Not sure if there are any undiscovered ones on there.You Russian too, schala? Glad there are other people in these parts on vkontakte!yep /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> well, my dad was born there.  I was so excited to hear there were spoilers over there, because I thought for sure I could find something! Oh, well.  Don't meet many other people that have even heard of vkontakte, so nice to meet you!
5847	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	If the women in the TV show were treated by our western 21st century standards, the same people that are screaming "misogyny" after every episode would be doing it again because they would argue that the show downplays how unfairly were women treated throughout our history and how little power they had in feudal systems. 
I think labelling every GoT line about women "misogynous" says much more about the critics than about the show or its creators. People that in real life treat others (regardless of their gender, upbringing, sexual orientation or race) equally without even thinking about it do not even notice those small things (like Brienne's or Arya's lines) l on the show and if they do they attribute them to the specific character in the story saying or doing those things and not to some message from the writers. Plus normal people are quite capable of distinguishing between fictional and real world and do not draw their morals based on movies, TV shows or what celebrities say.
5848	teemo	2013-05-05	Spoiler I'm glad she's gone, honestly.  It's a shame that Esme Bianco couldn't have been cast as someone other than a really annoying plot device though.  I think she's a much better actress than Sibel Kikelli (Shae) for example, and has a good look for the ASOIAF.  I think so anyway.  But her storyline was just becoming too much.  The Hand of the Pimp?  It was getting ridiculously silly.
5849	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Normal people also don't intentionally look for lines and contexts which can be construed as mysoginistic. Normal people watch a TV show for entertainment, not to provide fodder for Internet arguments about ultimately unimportant things.
5850	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-05	snipI think labelling every GoT line about women "misogynous" says much more about the critics than about the show or its creators. People that in real life treat others (regardless of their gender, upbringing, sexual orientation or race) equally without even thinking about it do not even notice those small things (like Brienne's or Arya's lines) l on the show and if they do they attribute them to the specific character in the story saying or doing those things and not to some message from the writers. Plus normal people are quite capable of distinguishing between fictional and real world and do not draw their morals based on movies, TV shows or what celebrities say.I assume you're talking about "you sound like a bloody woman?" If so, its unfortunate that people fail to realize she largely only put it that way because she knows he would be the most insulted by that.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 05 May 2013 - 05:07 PM.
5851	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	Does anybody else think that Anguy might be killed by the Hound  (or someone else)? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  I hope I am wrong cause I really like his character in the books (as minor as he is) but I feel that there's been a bit of a buildup to that: the Sandor/Anguy animosity, the fact that he has screen time with Arya in 3x06 who seems to like him ( /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> ), and that he is the only named brotherhood character that can realistically be killed off.
5852	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	Normal people also don't intentionally look for lines and contexts which can be construed as mysoginistic. Normal people watch a TV show for entertainment, not to provide fodder for Internet arguments about ultimately unimportant things.My thoughts exactly. I or anybody I know don't even notice those things until I go on internet and see people writing essays about it.
5853	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	I hope not. He's a good character. "My apologies but you're one ugly fucker and I'd rather not see your face no more" was a great line. The BwB is actually more likable to me than it is in the books so far.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 May 2013 - 05:10 PM.
5854	teemo	2013-05-05	Probably.  They kill off anyone at any chance they get for budgetary reasons.  He's bonafide "cast meat," I think.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 05 May 2013 - 05:11 PM.
5855	Honourable Ser	2013-05-05	Spoiler  Why do all deaths need to serve a greater purpose and set something in motion? Realistically speaking, this is rarely the case. Also, the books are packed with violence against all and women too. In fact, if you ask me I believe the show has toned it down a lot (NW's men raping Craster's daughters anyone?) 
Absolutely! People seem to forget that GRRM is fallible!
5856	teemo	2013-05-05	so...anyone find anymore spoilers? lol.
5857	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Absolutely! People seem to forget that GRRM is fallible!It's not even a matter of being fallible. It's just people with an agenda doing what they do best...Be annoying. And ignore facts, I suppose.
5858	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	I assume you're talking about "you sound like a bloody woman?" If so, its unfortunate that people fail to realize she largely only put it that way because she knows he would be the most insulted by that.Yes. that is what I meant. I took it as Brienne trying to humiliate Jaime and force him to eat and I was completely flabbergasted to read that people took it as if Brienne regards women to be somehow less than men. How about her actions throughout the whole series, her admiration for Catelyn and all the things she said about "men always underestimating her because she is a woman"? Are these all erased based on a line that she said. Most people say the first thing that comes to their mind. It is not as if Brienne is thinking: "I play a strong female character on a popular TV show that might inspire teenage girls to follow their dreams so I should say something inspirational and politically correct."
5859	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Okay, my fellow spoiler freaks--someone on another site said they just finished watching the episode at Xfinity (whatever that means), and here's their run-down.  This is all spoilery, so don't open if you don't want to know.
	Spoiler 1. I really enjoyed the Arya scene with Mel and the Brotherhood, even though its a huge book deviation. Thoros<U+0080><U+0099> monologue about being a bad priest was excellent. Mel<U+0080><U+0099>s face off w/ Arya about what she sees in her eyes was chilling. Anguy<U+0080><U+0099>s archery lesson was great too.2. I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t hate the Jon scenes for once. The majority of Ygritte<U+0080><U+0099>s dialogue about her and Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship would have been better served before the cave scene. The wall climb was heart pounding but the two of them enjoying the view afterwards was kinda weird. Again, I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t hate it so that<U+0080><U+0099>s a step in the right direction.3. Ros is dead!!! I called it before the season ever started (when they released the promo image of Joff and Marge aiming the crossbow together) that Joff would kill Ros with that crossbow. I was only joking/hoping at the time, but I was right.4. Still no official reveal of <U+0080><U+009C>Boy.<U+0080><U+009D> I loved this scene. It is almost like the guessing game Boy is playing with Theon is being played to the audience as well. <U+0080><U+009C>You still haven<U+0080><U+0099>t figured it out yet?<U+0080><U+009D> Iwan Rhoen<U+0080><U+0099>s facial expressions are priceless here. They convey how sick and demented the character is perfectly.5. The Blackfish<U+0080><U+0099>s line to Edmure: <U+0080><U+009C>The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.<U+0080><U+009D> Enough said.6. The conversation between Sansa and Loras was hilarious. Sansa is clueless and fishing for some form of enthusiasm. I know dogs are known to bark up the wrong tree, but wolves?
5860	teemo	2013-05-05	Okay, my fellow spoiler freaks--someone on another site said they just finished watching the episode at Xfinity (whatever that means), and here's their run-down.  This is all spoilery, so don't open if you don't want to know.
	Spoiler 1. I really enjoyed the Arya scene with Mel and the Brotherhood, even though its a huge book deviation. Thoros<U+0080><U+0099> monologue about being a bad priest was excellent. Mel<U+0080><U+0099>s face off w/ Arya about what she sees in her eyes was chilling. Anguy<U+0080><U+0099>s archery lesson was great too.2. I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t hate the Jon scenes for once. The majority of Ygritte<U+0080><U+0099>s dialogue about her and Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship would have been better served before the cave scene. The wall climb was heart pounding but the two of them enjoying the view afterwards was kinda weird. Again, I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t hate it so that<U+0080><U+0099>s a step in the right direction.3. Ros is dead!!! I called it before the season ever started (when they released the promo image of Joff and Marge aiming the crossbow together) that Joff would kill Ros with that crossbow. I was only joking/hoping at the time, but I was right.4. Still no official reveal of <U+0080><U+009C>Boy.<U+0080><U+009D> I loved this scene. It is almost like the guessing game Boy is playing with Theon is being played to the audience as well. <U+0080><U+009C>You still haven<U+0080><U+0099>t figured it out yet?<U+0080><U+009D> Iwan Rhoen<U+0080><U+0099>s facial expressions are priceless here. They convey how sick and demented the character is perfectly.5. The Blackfish<U+0080><U+0099>s line to Edmure: <U+0080><U+009C>The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.<U+0080><U+009D> Enough said.6. The conversation between Sansa and Loras was hilarious. Sansa is clueless and fishing for some form of enthusiasm. I know dogs are known to bark up the wrong tree, but wolves?

	Spoiler Ooooh, interesting.  I really wish they elaborated more . Like about that "huge book deviation," although that's pretty obvious by now.  Edmure continues to be degraded by his family :\  I'm glad Ramsay isn't revealed quite yet.
5861	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	yep /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> well, my dad was born there.  I was so excited to hear there were spoilers over there, because I thought for sure I could find something! Oh, well.  Don't meet many other people that have even heard of vkontakte, so nice to meet you!Yeah the guy said he would put up more spoilers later but he hasn't.  Pizdets takoy.  vk would be popular in England if you didn't need to read cyrillic to use it, it is literally only me and other Russian students who have it here...edit: cheers severus, think I will lay off on any more spoilers before the episode tho
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 05 May 2013 - 05:32 PM.
5862	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Spoiler Ooooh, interesting.  I really wish they elaborated more . Like about that "huge book deviation," although that's pretty obvious by now.  Edmure continues to be degraded by his family :\  I'm glad Ramsay isn't revealed quite yet. 
And what I really want to know about tonight is 
	Spoiler  does Margaery witness Joff cross-bowing Ros?  Looking forward to Natalie Dormer's expression!
5863	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	LOL that blackfish line is hilarious. Why am I spoiling myself?! My will is weak /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
5864	teemo	2013-05-05	And what I really want to know about tonight is 
	Spoiler  does Margaery witness Joff cross-bowing Ros?  Looking forward to Natalie Dormer's expression!

	Spoiler I was wondering the same thing, since they were talking about it before.  Some people are already saying that the Ros scene is probably a dream sequence. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> seriously, that would be really stupid.
5865	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	It looks like from that first section that 
	Spoiler  Mel will be taking some of the witch's lines about what she sees in the 'wolf child's' eyes but apparently Arya doesn't slap Mel, because I'm pretty sure that would have been mentioned.
5866	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-05	My thoughts exactly. I or anybody I know don't even notice those things until I go on internet and see people writing essays about it. Hence why our society is still so patriarchal and misogynistic. If more people were conscious of these issues, there wouldn't be any issues.Absolutely! People seem to forget that GRRM is fallible! Not really. I've criticised GRRM's portrayal of female characters in the past, too. But it's still far better than in the show.
5867	Swagwell	2013-05-05	I'd also like to point out that the show is equal opportunity in reigning misery down on characters determined to be "not important' or marginalized by their status.  No one seemed to give a shit that Ramsay callously murdered his own men (who were hunting Theon on his orders) by firing an arrow into a guy's head at point blank range for Ramsay's own random amusement.Or that some innocent little boys got awoken suddenly and stabbed through their chests because they had the wrong last name? Or how about those kids that got burnt alive for no other reason than they were around the same size as some other kids they could be passed off as?  Won't anyone think of the children????There's all the gratuitous slaughter of animals like having a wolf its throat slit while it's awaiting some attention from its master, or a horse getting its head chopped off?  Are there any triggering events for sickos with any of these happenings?It's silly.  Shitty things happen to men, women, children and animals that don't deserve it on this show all the time.  I'm sorry there's some particular personal issue that exists with harm done to prostitutes but that's the individual's baggage to deal with, not the show's.All Hail King Tommen, vanquisher of beets!
5868	Red Raven	2013-05-05	On the Big Spoiler's importance to the plot:
	Spoiler  I don't think it is gratuitous. I think Ros's death will serve a purpose.Again, her death facilitates many things. One, it serves to remind us that Littlefinger is someone to be feared (she is filling in where Varys' magi filled in) but it will also probably prompt the QoT to officially put the scheme to kill Joffery into motion.

	Spoiler I don't think it's gratuitous either.  I think it will go down a little differently - that Littlefinger doesn't set up Ros to be killed and he doesn't even know she's spying for Varys.  I think Joffrey kills Ros in front of Margaery to impress her (be careful what you wish for, Marge!).  She'll be horriifed and tell Olenna that Sansa is right, he's a monster.  She's marrying a monster.Meanwhile, Littlefinger is angry that Ros is killed (still has no idea that she was spying for Varys; I think Littlefinger was grooming Ros to be his primary eyes and ears and run his brothel(s) while he was gone.)Knowing the Tyrells are freaked out that Marge is marrying a violent sociopath, Littlefinger approaches Olenna to do something about him.  Hence, they team up to plan the Purple Wedding. Tah-dah!
As for misogyny in Game of Thrones - welcome to Westeros!  And Essos!  And just about everywhere else-os!  You can have pretty costumes, big castles and sumptuous banquets but at the end of the day, life is lousy for women (a lot of men too) and the smallfolk, and if you're a woman who is a smallfolk you're really screwed.  This world sucks, and it sucks for different categories of people in different proportions, and that's the point.  People of all kinds struggling with a world that really, really sucks.
					
					
							Edited by Red Raven, 05 May 2013 - 06:08 PM.
5869	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	So, I just checked and yes, the episode is already available to play at Xfinity, either online or on tv.  Apparently, you just sign in with your Comcast acct. #.  I don't have Comcast, so it doesn't affect me, but, umm, are they supposed to be doing that?
5870	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	On the Big Spoiler's importance to the plot:
	Spoiler I don't think it's gratuitous either.  I think it will go down a little differently - that Littlefinger doesn't set up Ros to be killed and he doesn't even know she's spying for Varys.  I think Joffrey kills Ros in front of Margaery to impress her (be careful what you wish for, Marge!).  She'll be horriifed and tell Olenna that Sansa is right, he's a monster.  She's marrying a monster.Meanwhile, Littlefinger is angry that Ros is killed (still has no idea that she was spying for Varys).  Knowing the Tyrells are freaked out that Marge is marrying a violent sociopath, Littlefinger approaches Olenna to do something about him.  Hence, they team up to plan the Purple Wedding. Tah-dah!
  I like your version of events!  Because it also gives 
	Spoiler  Littlefinger powerful motivation to help the QoT get rid of Joff, if Joff offed (sorry, couldn't resist) Ros, LF's Hand of the Pimp.  Shows just how vindictive he really is.
5871	teemo	2013-05-05	So, I just checked and yes, the episode is already available to play at Xfinity, either online or on tv.  Apparently, you just sign in with your Comcast acct. #.  I don't have Comcast, so it doesn't affect me, but, umm, are they supposed to be doing that?first time I've ever had that the thought - "I wish I had comcast."
5872	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	MAJOR spoiler here.
	Spoiler They don<U+0080><U+0099>t show him killing her. We get a convo where Littlefinger admits to Varys that Ros was a <U+0080><U+009C>bad investment<U+0080><U+009D> so he gave her to someone else<U+0080> Then it cuts to Joff swaddling his crossbow like a baby and the camera pans over to Ros with a bunch of arrows in her tits.
5873	teemo	2013-05-05	MAJOR spoiler here.
	Spoiler They don<U+0080><U+0099>t show him killing her. We get a convo where Littlefinger admits to Varys that Ros was a <U+0080><U+009C>bad investment<U+0080><U+009D> so he gave her to someone else<U+0080> Then it cuts to Joff swaddling his crossbow like a baby and the camera pans over to Ros with a bunch of arrows in her tits.

	Spoiler weird...she goes from being his "Hand" to a bad investment?  I wonder if something happens in particular to lead up to that...
5874	Red Raven	2013-05-05	Well...dang.  There goes my idea.
5875	greatgeek	2013-05-05	Spoiler weird...she goes from being his "Hand" to a bad investment?  I wonder if something happens in particular to lead up to that...

	Spoiler  Speculation - Littlefinger realizes that Varys is behind the Tyrell betrothal, and that Ros is the only person close enough to him to have known about LF's plans to smuggle her out of KL. 

					
					
							Edited by greatgeek, 05 May 2013 - 06:13 PM.
5876	Azzazel	2013-05-05	Okay, my fellow spoiler freaks--someone on another site said they just finished watching the episode at Xfinity (whatever that means), and here's their run-down.  This is all spoilery, so don't open if you don't want to know.
	Spoiler 1. I really enjoyed the Arya scene with Mel and the Brotherhood, even though its a huge book deviation. Thoros<U+0080><U+0099> monologue about being a bad priest was excellent. Mel<U+0080><U+0099>s face off w/ Arya about what she sees in her eyes was chilling. Anguy<U+0080><U+0099>s archery lesson was great too.2. I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t hate the Jon scenes for once. The majority of Ygritte<U+0080><U+0099>s dialogue about her and Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship would have been better served before the cave scene. The wall climb was heart pounding but the two of them enjoying the view afterwards was kinda weird. Again, I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t hate it so that<U+0080><U+0099>s a step in the right direction.3. Ros is dead!!! I called it before the season ever started (when they released the promo image of Joff and Marge aiming the crossbow together) that Joff would kill Ros with that crossbow. I was only joking/hoping at the time, but I was right.4. Still no official reveal of <U+0080><U+009C>Boy.<U+0080><U+009D> I loved this scene. It is almost like the guessing game Boy is playing with Theon is being played to the audience as well. <U+0080><U+009C>You still haven<U+0080><U+0099>t figured it out yet?<U+0080><U+009D> Iwan Rhoen<U+0080><U+0099>s facial expressions are priceless here. They convey how sick and demented the character is perfectly.5. The Blackfish<U+0080><U+0099>s line to Edmure: <U+0080><U+009C>The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.<U+0080><U+009D> Enough said.6. The conversation between Sansa and Loras was hilarious. Sansa is clueless and fishing for some form of enthusiasm. I know dogs are known to bark up the wrong tree, but wolves?
And what about Roose? /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
5877	greatgeek	2013-05-05	double post
					
					
							Edited by greatgeek, 05 May 2013 - 06:13 PM.
5878	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Spoiler weird...she goes from being his "Hand" to a bad investment?  I wonder if something happens in particular to lead up to that...

	Spoiler  Well, he's saying it to Varys so maybe its his way of letting Varys know that Varys using Ros as his spy caused her death--that LF knew or found out about it and let Joff off her (sorry, I couldn't resist 'Joff off')
5879	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	Thanks for telling me about XFinity, Gonna watch the episode now. I hope this happens every week.
5880	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	And what about Roose? /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />I know, right??  Calling Roose Bolton!!  Hey, Roose, where the hell are ya??  Do we know for a fact that the dinner is in this episode?
5881	Swagwell	2013-05-05	I too am sad to see Ros go, but I haven't watched the episode yet so I'm not making any assumptions on the motive for killing her off just because of some iffy pics on a russian spoiler site.
If you look through the lense of political rhetoric all the time you end up becoming just a big contrarian stereotype yourself, something that IMO is far more damaging to genuine advancement on social issues than what happens on the telly. Imagine "the Boy who cried Wolf" but instead of a wolf he came back to the village every day saying something in the woods offended him... 
	Spoiler  and then something REALLY offensive happens

Hmmmm....
I wonder if they're gonna keep that  scene when Victarion drowns all the effeminate male prostitutes chained up together?
Imagine the Rrrrrrrraaaaaaaage!
5882	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Minor spoiler, but... yuck.  I won't watch this.
	Spoiler But speaking of the episode, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t ever want to set eyes on a rabbit again.
5883	Red Raven	2013-05-05	Spoiler Well, he's saying it to Varys so maybe its his way of letting Varys know that Varys using Ros as his spy caused her death--that LF knew or found out about it and let Joff off her (sorry, I couldn't resist 'Joff off')
Ooh.  Brutal.  But not inconsistent with his character.
	Spoiler So LF ends up helping the Tyrells kill Joffrey later is simply to suck up to them to get them under his thumb.  My best guess right now.

					
					
							Edited by Red Raven, 05 May 2013 - 06:26 PM.
5884	teemo	2013-05-05	It's seriously up on Comcast XFinity?!??! Ugh...I'm about to lose my mind here /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5885	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	It's seriously up on Comcast XFinity?!??! Ugh...I'm about to lose my mind here /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Seems to be, yes.  At WiC, people are watching it, then typing quick little reports, then going to back to watch more.
5886	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Spoiler I haven't watched the episode yet either, but I've seen spoilery images and as much as I don't like Ros, it's just absolutely disgusting how they kill her.  I also am curious to see what the reasoning behind her murder is and I hope this isn't the catalyst for Littlefinger planning Joffrey's wedding.
5887	Dragonstoned	2013-05-05	F u guys with your comcast and posts consisting entirely of spoiler tags
5888	teemo	2013-05-05	Does Comcast always do this?
5889	moonsblood	2013-05-05	I just tried to watch it at comcast, but my damn computer is too old for the flash update, cruel wooooorld!
5890	Lord Godric	2013-05-05	Does Comcast always do this?I don't think they have this season before (I remember vaguely about something last year) and I don't think they're supposed to do this either.  My bet is that it is accidental.
5891	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Spoiler I haven't watched the episode yet either, but I've seen spoilery images and as much as I don't like Ros, it's just absolutely disgusting how they kill her.  I also am curious to see what the reasoning behind her murder is and I hope this isn't the catalyst for Littlefinger planning Joffrey's wedding.

	Spoiler I haven't seen it either but I would guess that LF has figured out that Ros is a spy/untrustworthy so he gets rid of her while simultaneously succeeding in showing Marg and by proxy Olenna that Joffrey needs to be dealt with soon. Littlefinger seems like an excelllent "Kill two birds with one stone" kind of guy so it's in character.That way with Joffrey out of the picture and a distracted Cersei, he can pluck away Sansa and begin his plots outside of KL. 

					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 May 2013 - 06:34 PM.
5892	Mark Antony	2013-05-05	Does Comcast always do this?No, first time it's happened for me
5893	ebevan91	2013-05-05	You're right! The episode is live on the Xfinity website. Not sure if I want to watch now or wait. If I watch now, I can pause and rewind if I want to.
5894	HTN02	2013-05-05	Spoiler 
anyone remembering LF talking to Ros about selling someone for "other pleasures" to a rich client? chilling that probably also happens to Ros
5895	SoManyVows	2013-05-05	MAJOR spoiler here.
	Spoiler They don<U+0080><U+0099>t show him killing her. We get a convo where Littlefinger admits to Varys that Ros was a <U+0080><U+009C>bad investment<U+0080><U+009D> so he gave her to someone else<U+0080> Then it cuts to Joff swaddling his crossbow like a baby and the camera pans over to Ros with a bunch of arrows in her tits.
Interesting ... it seems like things are coming full circle.
	Spoiler  I like they way that they're using Ros's death to bring her relationship with Littlefinger back to its defining moment. Remember back to the conversation they had in Episode 2x02 about the sad girl from the Lysene pleasure house who wasn't happy. Baelish ultimately wrote her off as a "bad investment", gave her to a wealthy man who wanted to 'transform' her ... and his losses were mitigated. That was the first moment in the show when we witnessed just how cold, calculating and ruthless Littlefinger can be (obviously, we had seen him betray Ned, but as opportunistic as that was, there was definitely a personal element to it, given Littlefinger's abiding love for Cat). Here, it was purely transactional.Baelish used that story to shake Ros out of her grief after she saw the gold cloaks murder Barra, and it worked for a time. But from that moment on, Ros's eyes were open, and she could never truly be happy as long as she remained in Baelish's service. So she scrapped her way to an elevated position where she no longer had to sell her body, and entered into a partnership with Varys, either to elevate herself further or simply get back at her employer. But when she crosses the point of no return, Baelish writes her off by giving her to another sadistic man who uses her in a way that satisfies his darkest urges.As many others have noted, that's the tragedy of Ros's character. Ultimately, she was really just a young woman who was dealt a terrible hand by life - but unlike the Lysene girl, she did more than cry about it. She hid her sadness and used it as motivation to try to improve her situation, but in the end, she meets the same fate as another 'bad investment'. And Littlefinger moves on with his plans, this particular column in his ledger now balanced. 

					
					
							Edited by SoManyVows, 05 May 2013 - 06:49 PM.
5896	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Spoiler anyone remembering LF talking to Ros about selling someone for "other pleasures" to a rich client? chilling that probably also happens to Ros

	Spoiler Yeah, he basically warns her that as soon as she is less useful to him, she will be dealt with. I just hope they had this happen because he knows she's a spy because otherwise it would make no sense.
5897	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Interesting ... it seems like things are coming full circle.
	Spoiler  I like they way that they're using Ros's death to bring her relationship with Littlefinger back to its defining moment. Remember back to the conversation they had in Episode 2x02 about the sad girl from the Lysene pleasure house who wasn't happy. Baelish ultimately wrote her off as a "bad investment", gave her to a wealthy man who wanted to 'transform' her ... and his losses were mitigated. That was the first moment in the show when we witnessed just how cold, calculating and ruthless Littlefinger can be (obviously, we had seen him betray Ned, but as opportunistic as that was, there was definitely a personal element to it, given Littlefinger's abiding love for Cat). Here, it was purely transactional.Baelish used that story to shake Ros out of her grief after she saw the gold cloaks murder Barra, and it worked for a time. But from that moment on, Ros's eyes were open, and she could never truly be happy as long as she remained in Baelish's service. So she scrapped her way to an elevated position where she no longer had to sell her body, and entered into a partnership with Varys, either to elevate herself further or simply get back at her employer. But when she crosses the point of no return, Baelish writes her off by giving her to another sadistic man who uses her in a way that satisfies his darkest urges.As many others have noted, that's the tragedy of Ros's character. Ultimately, she was really just a young woman who was dealt a terrible hand by life - but unlike the Lysene girl, she did more than cry about it. She hid her sadness and used it as motivation to try to improve her situation, but in the end, she meets the same fate as another 'bad investment'. And Littlefinger moves on with his plans, this particular column in his ledger now balanced. 
Very nicely articulated.
5898	iheartseverus	2013-05-05	Spoiler Yeah, he basically warns her that as soon as she is less useful to him, she will be dealt with. I just hope they had this happen because he knows she's a spy because otherwise it would make no sense. 

	Spoiler   I would think that's exactly why LF is telling the story to Varys.  He wants Varys to know that he (LF) knows about Ros spying for Varys, and that as a result, she was doomed.  A double win for LF, he gets rid of 'untrustworthy' Ros AND he lets Varys know he's one up on him.
5899	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-05	Spoiler   I would think that's exactly why LF is telling the story to Varys.  He wants Varys to know that he (LF) knows about Ros spying for Varys, and that as a result, she was doomed.  A double win for LF, he gets rid of 'untrustworthy' Ros AND he lets Varys know he's one up on him.  

	Spoiler A triple win really since he provides a way for Marg to really see that Joff's a terrible person.
5900	SkyBry	2013-05-05	I so wish i wasn't spoiled :'(
Still going to be a hell of an episode though
5901	ebevan91	2013-05-05	It was a solid episode. Good progress made on several plots.
