nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2013-04-28	What'd you think?
2	Fredwin	2013-04-28	We got a lot of the little things we wanted, especially Jaime's story about the mad king.
3	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-28	So many changes to the story, but I gave it a solid 9.
1.  The fight b/t the Hound and Berric was excellent.
2.  I love Rose Lesley.
3.  Nice twist with LF giving Loras a boy to get info.  Could have done w/o the sex, but it is HBO
4.  The scene with Tywin, Tyrion, and Cersei is classic.
4	scurvy	2013-04-28	They've made Arya a little soft and Maise had a little trouble with the material.  Beric was awesome.  Jaime and Brienne was great.  I even liked Selyse, but where's the stache.  
And, that Patchface song at the end sung by Shereen was erie.
5	pntrlqst	2013-04-28	First ten of the season. Didn't have a huge "Dracarys" like moment, but it flowed great and scenes just feel so much stronger when they are verbatim from the book. The Jon/Ygritte scene was good, although I feel it would have been much stronger if they'd spent more time on them in the first four episodes. And to be honest, I wasn't totally absorbed by the Kingslayer's acting nor the directing in the bath scene.
6	towerofjoy	2013-04-28	Interesting changes, but more nuances than substantive. The Cersei-Loras thing cracked me up. I can see Loras RUNNING to be in the Kingsguard now...
					
					
							Edited by towerofjoy, 28 April 2013 - 09:05 PM.
7	Arrow	2013-04-28	Cersei got gobstopped at the end, didn't she? I feel sorry for her in a way. She's trapped in a woman's body, but has a man's sense of independence, thirst for power, and need for self-determination.
8	Trebla	2013-04-28	I was going to give it a 7, but Tywin's takedown of his children pushed it to an 8. That scene was fantastic.
9	Ran	2013-04-28	"And Now His Watch is Ended" had a really terrific finale, and the Old Bear's death, but if you look at what came before closely, it wasn't that far above an average episode. It was elevated by the finish. This episode is good through and through (except for the character assassination of Loras Tyrell, grr), and in my opinion it's the best episode of the season to date, so I've given it a 9.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 28 April 2013 - 09:06 PM.
10	scurvy	2013-04-28	Also, that duel b/w Beric and Sandor was unreal.  Made all other duels a joke so far.
11	Warhawk137	2013-04-28	My first 10 of the season too.  Acting tour de force, this one.  Maybe the overall darkest episode yet, at least in terms of tone, pacing, and occasional existential terror.
12	alwayswinter	2013-04-28	They've made Arya a little soft and Maise had a little trouble with the material.  Beric was awesome.  Jaime and Brienne was great.  I even liked Selyse, but where's the stache.  And, that Patchface song at the end sung by Shereen was erie.I thought Maisie was brilliant in the scene with Beric & ThorosAnd yeah, Shireen singing over the credits was very creepy, loved it.
13	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-04-28	So good.  Just so, so good.  I almost cried twice.  I've been drinking, but still.  Also, props for having that whole bath scene almost no actual nudity; gave it a lot of gravitas.  Arya & Co., Danny & Grey Worm, and Jon/Ygritte blew it out of the water.
14	TheHedgeWizard	2013-04-28	Best episode of the season in my opinion. Cogman delivers. I loved everything except the the Stannis/Selyse scene. That was weird and extremely creepy. i think it is obvious now that TV Stannis is different from book Stannis.
The Jamie/Brienne bath scene was great. Superb acting.
15	Javi Marcos	2013-04-28	I loved the Davos and Shireen scenes.
Bathtub scene was memorable, but I'm looking forward to watch it again (I could' get all the dialogue)
Lord's kiss and Hound VS Beric were great too. 
And the Cersei-Loras marriage was very surprising to me, I like that book readers like us still get surprises.
16	axels15	2013-04-28	I disagree about the Arya scenes making her look weak. I thought she was fantastic in this episode.
The scenes with Jaime were simply outstanding, and I really enjoyed the opening scene and the one with Jon and Ygritte. 
Solid episode
17	King Kev.	2013-04-28	Great episode. Since episode 3, the show has really hit its stride. Lots of great scenes in this one. The Hound's fight was excellent, and pretty much everything to do with the Brotherhood was awesome. Speaking of which, Maisie Williams was fan-fucking-tastic this episode. All her scenes were great, especially the one with Thoros and Beric around the fire.
Jon and Ygritte's scene was sexy as fuuuu. Then you had Robb and co. having some serious shit going down. Karstark's execution was a great scene, filmed and acted. Now, the bath scene. FUCKING AMAZING. NCW and Gwendoline Christie owned that scene, especially NCW. 
Great closing scene as well. Solid 9.
18	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	10.  Wow...I think I liked this episode even more than last week.
Seriously, I have almost no complaints.  Even Robb's storyline was all kinds of awesome and comes off like it was in the book.  I'm glad they kept in the "Hang him last so he can watch the others" line.  Loved Blackfish punching Karstark too.  Nice to see some of Cat's political iniative and try to talk Robb into keeping Karstark as a hostage.
Jaime/Brienne was fantastic and NCW was riveting relating the story.  Good touch with Brienne yelling out Kingslayer.  We get to see a little of creepy Roose Bolton and creepier Qyburn.
The battle between the Hound and Beric was fantastic.  I liked Arya attempting to go after Hound...that's the Pyscho Arya we know and love.  Liked Sandor's line about the God liking him more than the butcher's boy.  Loved the scene with Gendry.
-It might have been more background stuff but I liked the converstaion with Jorah and Barristan a lot.
-Wow...I can see why Stannis doesn't go near his wife.  The fetus thing really freaked me out.  Shireen was great and that kid's singing voice is terrific.  Typical Stannis...say the absolute wrong thing to your daughter because you're too damn honest.  I liked the Davos/Shireen stuff and her being the one to teach him how to read.
-The only thing I didn't like was Ser Loras shacking up with another guy.  I have no problem with that kind of stuff at all.  My only problem is that it's out of character for Loras to want to be with anyone else other than Renly.  That's how strong is love was for him.
-Enjoyed the Olenna/Tyrion scene but that final scene between him, Tywin, and Cersei was fantastic.  Especially him bringing up his previous marriage.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 28 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
19	scurvy	2013-04-28	Did anyone transcribe the lyrics to Shireen's Patchface song?  Any mention of fool's blood, king's blood, blood on a maiden's thigh?
20	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-28	"And Now His Watch is Ended" had a really terrific finale, and the Old Bear's death, but if you look at what came before closely, it wasn't that far above an average episode. It was elevated by the finish. This episode is good through and through (except for the character assassination of Loras Tyrell, grr), and in my opinion it's the best episode of the season to date, so I've given it a 9.I agree, Loras would never betray Renly's memory is such a way.
21	Fez	2013-04-28	8, I guess?  It had a lot of really good scenes, but they felt rather disjointed; moreso than usual.  Two larger complaints would be that
1) I didn't think the Jon-Ygritte cave scene was "earned."  Having the scene was fine, but the whole bit about 'staying there forever' just felt wildly out of place since, unlike the books, there wasn't already a developed relationship.  I'd have cut those couple lines and kept the rest, which was otherwise a fine scene.
2) I thought the final few scenes, starting with Loras sparring, were really rushed.  I almost got whiplash, how fast things were jumping around.
But otherwise it was a really good episode.  I give particularly props to the Jamie monologue in the bath.
22	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-28	Loved the episode except for Ygritte/Jon scenes. 8, just because I didn't like how they handle their relationship.
23	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-28	They've made Arya a little soft and Maise had a little trouble with the material.  Beric was awesome.  Jaime and Brienne was great.  I even liked Selyse, but where's the stache.  And, that Patchface song at the end sung by Shereen was erie.Totally disagree. The kid has nailed it so far. Great acting imo.
24	Zman1863	2013-04-28	Another very strong episode. The Jaime scene in the bath was probably the best scene. I liked how they framed the machinations that go into the plots regarding Sansa. I liked the Stannis storyline- I thought it was interesting to see him in a more human context. Wasn't thrilled about the weird babies in brine thing though. I wasn't really thrilled with how the Jon/Ygritte thing was framed. Beric's resurrection drew an eye roll from my non book reader sister (although that was sort of my reaction when I read that development in the books too).
25	sati	2013-04-28	Easily my favorite episode so far, along with Blackwater. Nikolaj Coster Waldau and Maisie Williams made me cry. Robb's scenes were awesome, Selyse and Shireen were great and that ending with Tyrion being so outraged he couldn't even laugh at Cersei was perfect.
26	Er Rn	2013-04-28	9/10.
Best episode of this season so far.
27	Yago	2013-04-28	Better than last week's in my opinion.
28	Blaer Dayle	2013-04-28	Sandor/Beric was great, loved Rory acting based on the fire, Arya's realisation that she will be alone without Gendry was quite sad, Beric was charismatic as he should be, Olenna was great as usual, The bathhouse was good, but Jaime's speech wasn't as powerful as I imagined it would be, however his asking to be called Jaime is great, and an indication that his character is evolving into less of a villain, glad to see they are showing that Robb is slowly letting his army fall apart while holding hope that they'll support him regardless, nice touch with the music during Karstark's execution to parallell with Theon's greatest mistake when he beheaded Cassel, Jon and Ygritte was good, but it had no buildup, and felt tacked in for the sake of consistency with the books, Nice to see Grey Worm for the first time, Barristan and Jorah was great, I love when the characters discuss the past, and their mistakes, Shireen was great, I love the makeup, Selyse was okay as well, So Shireen will now take on the role of Davos teacher then that's fine with me, it was interesting to finally see a more human side of Stannis, I guess Patchface has been cut, that's too bad, could have done without the sex scene with Loras, but Littlefinger again being the master manipulator, love it, poor Sansa just a pawn in everyone else's game, the closing credits were nice and creepy, but the gem of the episode was Tywin's scene with his kids. Tywin is the true leader of the realm and he knows it.
9/10 for me pretty good, but not flawless.
					
					
							Edited by Blair Dale, 28 April 2013 - 09:24 PM.
29	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-28	Gave a ten since Cersei's face when Tywin addressed her on the same issue as Tyrion was worth the 10 on its own. Beric vs Hound duel was unique and made even the Blackwater battle scene look like a rock, scissors and paper game. Jon first encounter felt like he was a pro. And the Kingslayer confession to Brienne was truly a very emotional one. Thus, earning a ten IMO.
30	Aegnor	2013-04-28	They've made Arya a little soft and Maise had a little trouble with the material.  I disagree completely. That line about bringing someone back who'd had their head cut off was even more heartbreaking than in the books. As was the line about Gendry being her family.
31	Ran	2013-04-28	The line about bringing back someone from the dead was basically exactly as what was in the books. It's nice to see it rendered by actors, but in this, Bryan was wisely just following George's roadmap.
32	Jabronius Maximus	2013-04-28	Gave it a 9, good stuff. Like Ran said, it was more consistently good than last week, but still didn't have the climactic events that last week had.
AND WHEN THE HELL WILL WE HEAR A GOOD OLE 'HAR!' FROM TORMUND? LIKE SERIOUSLY MAN COME ON DUDE LOOKS MAD AF
Other than that I have no problem with where the show runners are taking this. The changes really make sense.
33	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	The line about bringing back someone from the dead was basically exactly as what was in the books. It's nice to see it rendered by actors, but in this, Bryan was wisely just following George's roadmap.Yes, that was a nice exchange. Although Beric seems a bit less unhappy about it than he seemed in the books.
34	teej6	2013-04-28	"And Now His Watch is Ended" had a really terrific finale, and the Old Bear's death, but if you look at what came before closely, it wasn't that far above an average episode. It was elevated by the finish. This episode is good through and through (except for the character assassination of Loras Tyrell, grr), and in my opinion it's the best episode of the season to date, so I've given it a 9. Yes, this has been the best episode this season to date. Episode 4 was definitely elevated by the last Dany scene. In this episode all the scenes had a nice flow and continuity to it. Although I wasn't too impressed with Nikolaj's performance in the bath.
					
					
							Edited by teej6, 28 April 2013 - 09:53 PM.
35	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-28	That was fucking awesome. My only quibble was Loras bedding the squire so quickly. He was still in love with Renly. Other than that, everything was great. Shireen is adorable. Beric and Sandor fight was as awesome as it was in the books. Davos/Shireen almost made me cry. That was a great episode. Love you, Bryan Cogman!
36	cybobbie	2013-04-28	Loved the episode, great surprises in it, specially Jaime and Brienne scene and his monologue about the mad king. They are so brilliant in their roles that I can't get enough of them. Another surprise was the way that they handle the Tyrell plot discovery, a good way IMO. Didn't expect the talk between Ser Barrister and Jorah too, but again found it good to show why he doesn't know that Jorah was sending info on Dany to Robert. One cute and touching surprise was Shireen and Davos scene.
As for the parts that I was expecting, I mean from the preview, I loved the Hound and Beric's fight, the best so far in the show. I disagree with some posts here about Arya, I mean I think she was very good in this episode and her talk with Gendry was really touching. Finally Cersey and Tyrion's face in the end of the episode, priceless. Tywin is really daddy from hell!!
					
					
							Edited by cybobbie, 28 April 2013 - 09:26 PM.
37	Aegnor	2013-04-28	The line about bringing back someone from the dead was basically exactly as what was in the books. It's nice to see it rendered by actors, but in this, Bryan was wisely just following George's roadmap.True, I just meant that Maisie did a great job of bringing that moment out.Also, I don't know if it's been mentioned above, but I really loved the musical tieback between Robb cutting off Karstark's head and Theon cutting off Rodricks.
38	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-28	Arya's scenes were great, but they needed to be longer, Arya's story needs to be given some time to breathe.  I think her arc is the one most underserved this season.
39	greywindsrage	2013-04-28	First ten of the season. Didn't have a huge "Dracarys" like moment, but it flowed great and scenes just feel so much stronger when they are verbatim from the book. The Jon/Ygritte scene was good, although I feel it would have been much stronger if they'd spent more time on them in the first four episodes. And to be honest, I wasn't totally absorbed by the Kingslayer's acting nor the directing in the bath scene.I agree. Although I liked NCW performance I didn't like how the scene ended.
40	King Kev.	2013-04-28	True, I just meant that Maisie did a great job of bringing that moment out.Also, I don't know if it's been mentioned above, but I really loved the musical tieback between Robb cutting off Karstark's head and Theon cutting off Rodricks.Yeah, loved the parallels between the two execution scenes. Instantly thought of Theon executing Rodrik.
41	Hound Dog	2013-04-28	Great episode, loved all of it. My only minor moment of disappointment was that the Hound didn't sob "like a little baby" at the end of the fight, and instead seemed amused (at Arya's angry rage). That was one moment in the books where I felt terribly sorry for him, something like pity, and I'm sorry it wasn't conveyed in the show. But that was in the beginning--- the rest of the episode was so well done that I forgot about that until now!
42	Nezzer	2013-04-28	Stannis is so adorable when he's playing daddy. I wish he were my father /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Great episode, with the best pacing since season 1 IMHO, but it didn't have many climatic moments, so I gave it an 8. Pretty good for a mid-season episode.
43	WinterWarrior	2013-04-28	I thought this was a great episode and gave it a 9.
1) Maise was wonderful as Arya and we see the first romantic/affection struggle between Gendry and Arya...with her really not understanding her feelings and him having a better grip on the situation.
2) Selyse was creepy and those fetuses were disgusting, but the whole thing effective. I wonder why they are making Stannis and his situation so bizarre? Stannis is very different in the HBO series.
3) I loved Shireen and her friendship with Davos. I wonder how Davos is going to get in good standing with Stannis again. Will the HOB series have Stannis coming to the aid of the north? Don't see how.
4) Bath scene was great. I thought it was great when Brienne stood up.
5) Last scene with Tywin was amazing.
This episode followed story lines from the book better even though characters were changed (Loras instead of Willis, etc...).
I will watch it again about 4 times this week as I seem to be doing each week.....
44	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-28	Superb episode.  Not my favorite, but I couldn't find any flaws so I gave it a 10.
- Hound vs. Beric was absolutely epic.  Best fight scene in the show thus far by a mile.
- Crazy Selyse scene was great.  Loved seeing Stannis express remorse for his infidelity with Mel, Selyse's deluded encouragement of it and Stan's incredulous reaction & general awkwardness around her.  Very well done and the best Stannis scene since he and Davos on the ship in 2.08.  
- Shireen's Patchface song was a nice nod to bookreaders.  Loved the scene with her and Davos in the dungeon too.
- Jaime/Brienne was powerful and again wonderfully executed.  
- Speaking of executed, the entire Karstark subplot resolution was deftly handled, although I thought it might have fit better as the end scene.
- Tywin/Tyrion/Cersei was just fucking brilliant.  
This show is humming on all cylinders right now.
45	Carey Snow	2013-04-28	I agree, Loras would never betray Renly's memory is such a way.I am sure that Loras still had needs after Renly's passing. That does not mean he falls in love with everybody he has sex with.
46	Carey Snow	2013-04-28	Loved this episode. I gave it a 9 simply because I don't give 10s easily. We got lots of the back story from Jaime, Shireen, and Barristan. So many great moments. I wonder how the unsullied will feel about Tyrion's and Sansa's marriage?
47	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Loved this episode. I gave it a 9 simply because I don't give 10s easily. We got lots of the back story from Jaime, Shireen, and Barristan. So many great moments. I wonder how the unsullied will feel about Tyrion's and Sansa's marriage?Probably the same as us. Oh that's so cruel! But actually maybe it's no so bad given the other alternatives lol.
48	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-28	I am sure that Loras still had needs after Renly's passing. That does not mean he falls in love with everybody he has sex with.For Loras there was no one but Renly.  That was why he took the white.
49	Lord Godric	2013-04-28	I think I need to rewatch this one.  It had many great scenes, particularly the Jaime/Brienne scene, but I was distracted most of the time so I didn't think too much of it. Gave it an 8, but that may change.
50	Carey Snow	2013-04-28	Probably the same as us. Oh that's so cruel! But actually maybe it's no so bad given the other alternatives lol.Plus Tyrion is much more handsome on the show rather than in the books. I think the uproar will be more about Sansa's age, even though that was how things were done in the Dark Ages.
51	Mark Antony	2013-04-28	I gave it a 9, The bath scene (Jaimes) is easily one of my favorite scenes of the series, NCW was amazing. Agree with everyone who said Maise has been great, She made me tear up tonight. Shireen/Davos and Beric vs The Hound deserve a shout out also.
52	Ser Graymax	2013-04-28	Strong 9
They really hit their stride with this one.  This is what they have been building up to.
Nailed just about every fact and scene.
Under the sea
The Queen of Thorns handed T his hat.  He has finally found a match for his intellect and maybe, appetites.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 28 April 2013 - 10:27 PM.
53	Er Rn	2013-04-28	For Loras there was no one but Renly.  That was why he took the white."When the sun has set, no candle can replace it. " /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
54	Jaimeisnotazombie	2013-04-28	Wish they had the song at the end online /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> 
9 out of 10, great Episode. 
NCW was fantastic
55	tito5601	2013-04-28	its a 9 for me the scenes were great except for the selyse part that was weird
56	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-28	8 and half. Would have been a 9 but we didnt really need that Dany scene. At least not right now. Needs more Jon!Anyway, i did love it. Bath Scene. AGH! <33333333333333333333333 I loved it so freaking much!Also Shireen should be Queen of all everything. Shes too cute for words! Awwwww!
57	The Storm King	2013-04-28	rose Leslie,  the hound and  beric,  jaime's  confession, karstark betrayal, tyrion and  olenna, littlefinger games, tywin tyrion and cersei wow  best episode ever
10/10
58	Died a Hero	2013-04-28	10
I knew this season would be amazing, but I couldn't have guessed just how. Outside of Davos's little visitor, which, to be honest, was ok, but my god, they must hate Stannis, this episode was perfect. By the time ep. 9 rolls around, everyone will be foaming at the mouth.
59	Corvinus	2013-04-28	TEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Despite the diminishing of Loras's character and the dead babies (that was a WTF moment)
Pleasantly surprised at seeing Yunkai on the map, as well as Grey Worm.
The fight between the Hound and Beric was excellent, but the highlight was Jaime's story and how it ended "My name is Jaime"
					
					
							Edited by Corvinus, 28 April 2013 - 11:11 PM.
60	Pure Guava	2013-04-28	It was a very solid 8 for me. Gave the book fans many of our favorite scenes, cheers to the biggest bookfan on the set, Bryan Cogman. And while I'd love to get into everything I loved about this episode (for instance the total "D'awwww!" moment I had when Shireen is with Davos) but I'm too overwhelmed by the trailer for episode 6! Seven hells does the next episode look intense! I did a pretty severe Macaulay Culkin while watching it. Man. This season is really starting to feel pretty damn good!
61	The She Wolf	2013-04-28	I gave it a 9. It was a very strong episode. Loved Jon/Ygritte, Robb & Karstark, Grey Worm, Tywin & kids, Shireen & Davos, all of the BWB scenes, and of course Jaime & Brienne.
The reason I took off a point is because of the portrayal of Ser Loras. I know some characters on TV can be very different from their book counterparts, but I feel like the rewriting of his a little more homophobic than GRRM's version. Loras of the books was so faithful and truly in love with Renly. I personally think it would have been more tasteful to depict that kind of relationship rather than have a man that will sleep with anything with a p**** just because he's gay.
62	scurvy	2013-04-28	I disagree completely. That line about bringing someone back who'd had their head cut off was even more heartbreaking than in the books. As was the line about Gendry being her family.Let me clarify.  It was the scene with Gendry I was disappointed with.  The scene with Beric and Thoros was very good.
63	Arya Stalka	2013-04-28	Another 10 from me. Why? Because I swear the scenes with ygritte/Jon and Brienne/Jaimie were just as I imagined them! I loved the Hound/Dondarrion showdown. I thoroughly enjoyed this episode. Nicolaj did an awesome job! Loved him in the bath house! We get to see a whole new side of Jaime <3
Eta: ah yes! Grey worm! Enjoyed that too!
					
					
							Edited by Arya Stalka, 28 April 2013 - 11:24 PM.
64	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I gave it a 9. It was a very strong episode. Loved Jon/Ygritte, Robb & Karstark, Grey Worm, Tywin & kids, Shireen & Davos, all of the BWB scenes, and of course Jaime & Brienne.The reason I took off a point is because of the portrayal of Ser Loras. I know some characters on TV can be very different from their book counterparts, but I feel like the rewriting of his a little more homophobic than GRRM's version. Loras of the books was so faithful and truly in love with Renly. I personally think it would have been more tasteful to depict that kind of relationship rather than have a man that will sleep with anything with a p**** just because he's gay.I wouldn't say showing a gay half-sex scene is homophobic at all. That's like saying Pod with whores scene is heterophobic. It's just a deviation of character.
65	Caryn Stark	2013-04-28	I give it a 9. I loved every minute of it (up to Loras) and was clapping as they pulled so much information straight from the novels. Best episode of the season, by far, for me. I saw the Loras plot coming as soon as the squire walked up to him and hated it. They could just as easily had a servant be the mole. No need to destroy Loras like that.
66	lil_z	2013-04-28	Last Episode may have had an epic final scene but this episode had very strong, powerful scenes, and lots of them.
Hound and Beric
Arya charging the hound with a dagger.
Arya nearly brought to tears with Gendry scene, calling him family, I nearly cried too
Arya and Beric amazing scene, it so seemed like a clash of the old gods and the red. The Wolf stares down the Red warrior. Stunning, thought it had strong theme's.
Baric: "Do I frighten you child?"
Arya: "No."
Loved it!
Jaime and Bre very powerful, it dropped my jaw in the books and was no disappointment this episode, very powerful, flawless acting here
Ygritte and Jon scene it bothered me that Ygritte used her line "you know nothing Jon Snow," seemed forced in this scene
Robb and Karstark scene seemed a little weak, not sure what it was, writing maybe
Loved the patchface scene with Stannis and later Davos
Dany meeting grey worm great scene
Sir Jorah and Sir Berristan scene, geez Jorah was digging hard here which I won't get into book reader v. tv series speculation, still a strong scene
10/10
67	Steve Stark	2013-04-28	Gave it an 8 although I considered giving it a 7. 
Some truly great scenes and exceptional acting. When I first saw Nikolai on season one I didn't like him, yet by this time he is one of my favorite actors on the show. He does absolutely great in his role. As a matter of fact, all the male lead roles for Lannisters are superb actors. Couldn't be happier with Nikolai, Charles, and Peter's performance. 
Some scenes were good, but not worthy of a 9 or a 10 rating from me. And the babies in tanks...I'm not exactly a huge Stannis fan, nor am I a Stannis hater, but even I am wondering what the heck they are doing with his storyline sometimes. I don't hate it, but I find certain things about it odd to say the least.
But 8 is a good score. It was solid entertainment.
68	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Last Episode may have had an epic final scene but this episode had very strong, powerful scenes, and lots of them.Hound and BericArya charging the hound with a dagger.Arya nearly brought to tears with Gendry scene, calling him family, I nearly cried tooArya and Beric amazing scene, it so seemed like a clash of the old gods and the red. The Wolf stares down the Red warrior. Stunning, thought it had strong theme's.Baric: "Do I frighten you child?"Arya: "No."Loved it!Jaime and Bre very powerful, it dropped my jaw in the books and was no disappointment this episode, very powerful, flawless acting hereYgritte and Jon scene it bothered me that Ygritte used her line "you know nothing Jon Snow," seemed forced in this sceneRobb and Karstark scene seemed a little weak, not sure what it was, writing maybeLoved the patchface scene with Stannis and later DavosDany meeting grey worm great sceneSir Jorah and Sir Berristan scene, geez Jorah was digging hard here which I won't get into book reader v. tv series speculation, still a strong scene10/10All of the Karstark dialogue is basically lifted straight from the book so I wouldn't say it was writing.Also Ygritte's you know nothing line was also in the book.Just pointing it out. That's doesn't mean they were perfect but that's where they came from.
69	Words of Winter	2013-04-28	FWIW, I give it a 7.
Ep 1  -  8+
Ep 2  -  6
Ep 3  -  9
Ep 4  -  9+
Ep 5  -  7
Ayra was too weak emotionally.  Understandable but it didn't fit the Ayra I conjure.
No Patchface, although I like the songs at the end.  Not how I thought they would sound.  This may mess up any special meaning with PF, if there are any to be had. This was like chapters in a book.  They are regrouping and setting things in motion.  Other than Karstark, nothing big happened. You could tell both the backside nudity of Ygritte and Brienne were standins.  At least that is how it appeared to me.  The hair on Ygrittes head is different and it appears they weren't showing any body with the face for Brienne.  I am not saying this is a bad thing, I just was taken out of the moment because I noticed its inconsistency.  In the book, Robb knows he will loose the Karstarks, but he knows if he doesn't kill him, he looses his honor and other Northerners.  This is the first time I really hated Talisa because it made Robb look less the tactician than he is in the books.  Cat and Robb make the decision to woo the Frays back, not here, it's Robb with little Miss Volantis, who for hobbies, likes cutting off limbs and following war camps around.
A little frustrated with this ep.
70	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2013-04-28	A 9 for me this week.....had to pull out the tissue for the Jaime/Brienne scene. Wonderful intensity there. Jon and Ygritte's scene was done nicely too /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
But....um.....the poor dead babies in the strange green goo??? Ewwwwwwww /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
71	The She Wolf	2013-04-28	I wouldn't say showing a gay half-sex scene is homophobic at all. That's like saying Pod with whores scene is heterophobic. It's just a deviation of character.That wasn't my point. Gay half-sex scenes between Loras and Renly were ok. I just preferred the book version where the major gay character is shown as faithful to his partner even after his death. They even recorded a scene for season two between Loras and Marge where he was grieving for Renly but they cut that out.You can't really compare that with Pod because he isn't the only heterosexual character in the series.
					
					
							Edited by The She Wolf, 28 April 2013 - 11:34 PM.
72	lovethyjaime	2013-04-28	The music they used for Rickard Karstark's beheading was the same from Theon beheading Rodik Cassel.  Interesting.  
I gave it a 9.  i wish Nikolaj delivered that final line better, and would have hit his stump like in the book.  But great scene anyway.
73	Florent Vixen	2013-04-28	I gave it a 9, the best episode this season so far.
Arya, Beric and Thoras excellent.
Arya and Gendry touching.
Tara Fitzgerald is a very good actress and she and
Stephan Dillane were great together. 
The little girl playing Shireen is wonderful and I thought
the scene with her and Stannis was very moving.
I've never doubted Stannis loves his daughter.
Also loved Shireen and Davos.
The Robb stuff was good.
I was very happy to have the bath scene included.
I thought Nic and Gwen were great and it captured
the scene from the book very well.
Thought the Loras scene was cheap. 
Tywin and his kids, perfect.
74	Serr Parker	2013-04-28	Gave it an 8, nothing wrong with it but missed something special
Good stuff again though looking forward to the next 10-15 episodes
75	_Oberyn_	2013-04-28	9. A first solid epiode this season. It went a bit overboard with all the mens pasty arses though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
76	Justin Danford	2013-04-29	I gave it a protest 10. What's a protest 10? It's when you have a strong moral principle against judging anything a 10 but feel something was so good in contrast, a message must be sent.
PACE. This episode had an enjoyable pace for once. The scenes lasted a bit longer and had room to breathe. Oddly, it made the whole episode feel longer and feel like a story instead of visual cliff notes.
- Duel scene was fantastic. I was a but worried after the brienne/jamie fight scene, but this sequence was well directed and fun to watch.
- Bath scene was a homerun. Nikolaj nailed it and the direction was gold.
This director should direct them all.
77	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Amazing ep. You could really feel the kiss/fire theme. Like others I wish Jaime was a little more clear with his delivery of the important lines though.
78	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-04-29	The guy who plays Davos is one of the best actors I have ever seen. Also I liked Stannis in his weird shit going on, plus Rose Leslie....  you know.
79	Cornishman	2013-04-29	I would rate this episode 9 as well, that's two great episodes in a row for season 3 - I hope the coming episodes are as well done as the previous ones this year.  Truly remarkable work this year, it's hard to believe that they are actually improving as much as they are, given the limited time they have to punch out the nearly 11 hours of television they need to do.
Gwendoline Christie - what can I say, I think they had a hard time casting a truly "ugly" women as GRRM portrayed Brienne of Tarth in his novels, and went with what they thought would suit things best - a tall girl with some acting chops, who has a hard to define allure about her.  Well, she's surely put any critics to the sword with her work in this episode, I thought she was spot on, a praise worthy effort on her behalf for the nearly 6 minutes she was on camera in the bath scene.  Gwendoline should be thanking the director and art department etc for portraying her in such an appealing fashion, and giving her the chance to shine, an opportunity she seized in my opinion.  She looked magnificent, yet very vulnerable as well, and has left me wondering what more she has in store for us with all the great material she'll have to work with in the coming seasons.
80	Ser Creighton	2013-04-29	It was pretty good, some great scenes with some not so great scenes. I thought Jamie/Bree  was one of the best scenes of the year easily, they did a nice job pulling that off. Tywin/Cersie/Tyrion was well done, Robbs scenes were good, Davos/Shireen was sweet, and I thought the actor playing Stannis was better this week, although different, his changes were not as extreme as his lst scene with Mel. Beric and the hound, that was well done. Grey Worm and Dany was well done, a second good week Emilia, good work with her facial emotion.
The Arya scene, I everyone in those scenes was great except Arya. Not that she was bad, I just thought a couple of times, well I was wondering where some of the cold anger was.  Like the hit list, it felt more distant and Sad, she felt distant and sad. The Hot Pie scene was better than the Gendry scene, it felt a little desperate and reaching, where is the dark side? Didn't think she was bad but just not as good as others in the scene. Gendry felt kind of emotionless and Arya felt desperate, just like the scene with the knife, it was desperate.
The Jon and Ygritte scene felt forced and they felt detatched. It was an okay looking scene, but I don't feel anything between the two characters. They don't really talk on the show, not sense last year really. This year Jon has hardly said a word, and what he has said has not really been directed at her. The scenes beyond the wall feel detatched, with very little character development. It's just like lets put in a few of the well known scenes from the book and not bother with the rest. It feels flat, and devoid of emotion.
Babies in Jars???? Don't remember that from the books, but it felt wierd and out of place. Looked like someting out of Aliens.
Loras is getting butchered, I always thought he was loyal to Renly even in death. He seems rather unbothered and rather enjoying himself. Sort of missing the chip on his shoulder he had in the books.
I gave it a 7-8. It was good, some really nice scenes, but the scenes beyond the wall are ruining a lot of it for me, they just have no real character development going on there.
Really not sure how I feel about the episode, liked some scenes a lot, didn't like others. Thought the camera work and lighting was good, intresting with all the heavy shading, mixed with natural streaming light. Dark and hazy at times, illuminating at others, characters constantly going from dark to light, like Stannis.
Thought some of the makeup work was really well done, Jamie's eyes swollen and puffy very subtle about what he just went through, but the Greyscale? I never really imagined it looking that plastic.
One thing did shock me, Bree, kinda has a pretty nice little caboose going on. I was kind of like, hey, your a girl. Which tells you how well the actress is doing. At least in my eyes.
81	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-29	This might be my favorite episode so far. I feel this episode has setup the second half of the season perfectly.
82	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-29	9/10 
Better than I expected it to be.  I like the actor currently portraying Beric Dondarrion.  The duel was excellent.  But, the scene with Jaime and Brienne in the bath was the best.  There was too much missing, north of the wall, but it was only a one hour episode
83	lightbringer333	2013-04-29	lot of fast paced events in this episode. hbo shuld have ran this episode 70 min to inject more emotions in every scene. 
Karstak beheading scene was ok but not as good as theon scene with rodrik cassel.
sansa and petyr culd have been much better. 
loras and squire scenes were too much paced. 
daenyrys scene was ok.
jorah and selmy scene was not that interesting and below average. 
jon ygritte scene was ok. but was not that romantic and deep as expected. not much smooching and thrusting and no love lessons from ygritte to jon and no teaching how to do it. 
jamie brienne , olenna tyrion, cersei tywin was memorable and were best.
84	Ser Creighton	2013-04-29	Almost forgot little finger creepin on Sansa, thought that was an interesting scene.
85	Loras	2013-04-29	I really enjoyed this episode and rated it a 9/10.
I really loved Kerry Ingram and Tara Fitzgerald.  It was really nice to finally see Shireen - poor little lamb.  The scene between Shireen/Stannis and Shireen/Davos were really brilliant.  The 'Patchface' song was great too.
I marked this episode down one point because I felt that the KL sequence that closed the episode was very choppy.  It seemed like the scenes had been trimmed down too much to fit in the Daenerys material that wasn't originally going to be in the episode.
Otherwise great!
86	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-29	10/10Absolutely phenomenal, and in my opinion, the best episode of the show so far. Well written, directed and acted in almost every scene. I have become rather worried that they were starting to paint everything with very broad strokes and were going to make a lot of motivations and backstory unclear to the viewers, but this season they are really pulling it all together as much as can be expected.The only thing that didn't really click for me was Selyse's little foetus collection. It almost made me laugh - WHAT was that? And of course they continue to condense and simplify story arcs, such as moving Jon and Ygritte right along instead of giving them time together, but they have to do that. There are times when it catches them, though. In this episode, they thought they were being clever when they showed Mormont's anxiety about Selmy's knowledge of his agency for King's Landing. But of course, if Selmy isn't hiding his identity then there's no real reason he shouldn't take his complaints directly to Danny. A minor plot hole they created for themselves.Like I said, though, this is overall the best episode so far if you ask me. Very strong direction, lots of details from the books that provide necessary plot points and characterization, and some very strong acting and pacing throughout. They did a great job on this one.Highs for me:Ygritte and Jon in the cave. Because Ygritte.Bath scene. Very well acted, and it reveals some crucial characterization for Jaime, and the development of his relationship with and respect for Brienne. That is the king of thing I feared they would brush over, but here they gave it all the attention it deserved.The trial by combat of Sandor. Absolutely stunning. The other swordplay in the show pales in comparison.Of course, all of the ways they reconcile the show with the books. I'm glad that Tyrion mentioned his previous marriage, and I'm glad that they are making the Lightning Lord true to his book version even if the priest isn't really.I like that they introduced Stannis' daughter and I thought that it was a clever way to show how Stannis might come to realize that Davos is one of his greatest servants and friends. Definitely missing Patchface, though.
87	Belisarius09	2013-04-29	I thought Episode 4 hit the target on the bullseye but episode 5 blew episode 4 out of the water!  Loved the Jaime/Briene bath scene with Jaime revealing his side of the story behind his "finest act."  Also the Lannister family scene at the end was superbly well done.  Tyrion and Cersei throw their jabs but at the end of the day there's no doubt in anyone's minds that Tywinn is in charge.  Great stuff!
88	TheEvilKing	2013-04-29	Decent episode, I gave it a 6. Full of lots of "good" scenes with lots of nice detail, but nothing outstanding.
Best parts of the ep were Dragonstone, Jaime's monologue, Roose fucking with Jaime and of course Tywin as always.
89	greensleeves	2013-04-29	The bathtub scene was so, so awesome.  The Shireen and Selyse scenes (including the credits song) were also high points for me.   I wasn't quite feeling the Jon/Ygritte stuff... I don't know why.
I debated between an 8 and 9... I think I'll go with a 9 because NCW.
90	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	Favourite of the season. Stannis+Shireen, Jaime+Brienne, Tyrion+Tywin+Cersei, all seemed really well done.
91	Eira Seren	2013-04-29	i gave it an 8, but i think maybe it deserves higher.  i really enjoyed all of the scenes.  and seriously, WTF with the pickled babies?  Forget the wax appointment, poor Selyse needs to make time in her schedule for a good therapist.
i could watch Cersei hear that she has to marry Loras over and over.
92	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-29	7. If I remember this episode after the season's ended (which I highly doubt I will), it will be for all the nude BUTTS it contained. Seriously, the amount of buttockses was through the roof!
Disliked Harrington's acting (Jon getting all aggressive towards Orrell was dumb and weird as I think it was completely out of character for him), Beric vs the Hound was cool, Shireen and Davos was a great scene, as was Jaime and Brienne in the bath.
93	Mr Hodor	2013-04-29	very close to the book.
Only thinkg that bothered me was Loras getting over Renly pretty quickly, but then that wasnt a character assassination so a solid 9.
94	hedgeknight001	2013-04-29	I think the show's writers are doing a good job with the Robb plotline -- it's kind of complicated and everything looks like it's coming tiogether.
95	Sun	2013-04-29	I want to give this episode a 10, but the Jon and Ygritte scenes (in and out of the cave) were flawed. So it gets a 9.Ignoring the placid North scenes, this is the first episode that I've wanted to re-watch since Baelor. It was brilliant (everywhere but the north). I absolutely loved it.Sincere congrats to Cogman!On the cast front, yet again, kudos to Nikolaj Coster-Waldau for a heart wrenching performance. That bath cost him, and we can tell. He's exceeded by every expectation.Richard Madden delivered nuance this ep rarely seen in Robb since season 1, he's back on form thanks in no small part to some very well structured scenes and great lines. He was quite wonderful.  Maisie Williams, showed a vulnerability to Arya, that her character in the books often lacked. Her scenes were so emotional and her lines beautifully delivered.Reaaaally wish I could have given this episode a 10, but those North scenes, were laughable.ETA:I loved the Loras scene, it's far more realistic behaviour than book Loras, imo. I also loved the way LF got the information, it was so Littlefingerish of him. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />One nitpick:Shireen is blond!!! So much for Baratheon black of hair! Doesn't Ned look foolish now. Sometimes, I just don't get the things this show does.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 03:23 AM.
96	Dove	2013-04-29	Voted 10/10, fucking loved it. Even last week got a 9/10 from me.
Nothing makes 50ish minutes pass by faster than a good episode of Game of Thrones, I swear.
Loved the Hound vs. Beric scene most of all I think, and I usually dig the quiet character-driven scenes more than big action sequences.
97	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Wow!.... Just when I thought it couldn't get better...
98	Funkagenda	2013-04-29	Amazing episode!
Tywin was great and the battle between The Hound and Beric was awesome. Olenna was great as well. 
'I like you boy but if you lie to me, I'll pull your guts out throuh your throat'  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
99	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	One nitpick:Shireen is blond!!! So much for Baratheon black of hair! Doesn't Ned look foolish now. Sometimes, I just don't get the things this show does.Yeah, actually. I wonder how they'd justify that...
100	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-04-29	Yeah, actually. I wonder how they'd justify that...Clearly Selyse is screwing Patchface. Lannister Propaganda FTW!
101	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	I gave it a 10. It reminded me of 'A Man Without Honor' last season, where the show took a breather, and focused on the one-on-one scenes. And I thought most of them, (except Loras) were excellent. Loved Shireen's singing at the end, and her greyscale looked good as well. 
Oh, and NCW needs to submit this episode as his Emmy submission pronto. Everything in Jaime's confession was fantastic. I am so, so glad that Bryan Cogman wrote it. And Nikolaj delivered it perfectly-he was pouring his entire heart out to Brienne, years of frustration and anger, and it was just mesmerizing to watch. Fantastic job all around.
Oh, and I actually liked the scene with Stannis and Selyse. I was worried that they were going to make Selyse batshit crazy, but I actually found myself sympathising with her far more than I ever did in the books. And I'm glad they showed a softer side to Stannis, rather than that creepy pervy uncle mode he was in a couple of weeks ago. Given that we never see Stannis and Selyse alone in the books, the show can take some liberties in portraying their relationship.
If there are any haters of this episode, I pity them. This is how you write a slower episode.
102	Conchobar	2013-04-29	I like how they are setting things up. I got goosebumps more in this episode than the entire of season 2. Probably my favourite episode of the entire series yet, in fact it is.
103	Morvius	2013-04-29	I think this was the best episode of the season so far. All the little details they dropped in here and there. Reminded me of Season 1 which conveyed a lot of information about the lore and characters through dialogue. I will need to rewatch season 2 though. For some reason, the whole Ygritte loving Jon feels abrupt in the TV series?
104	Queen of Whores	2013-04-29	9/10. Fantastic, and my favorite of the season. I was starting to dislike this season ever since episode 3, but thanks to Bryan Cogman my faith has been restored. He should write every episode along with GRRM.
Great: 
- Robb beheading Karstark was perfect. I got goosebumps.
- Tywin is the true, book Tywin for the first time since the premier.
- Ygritte!! O_O
- Jorah and Barristan's conversation was great, but I'm not sure how they're going to reveal Jorah as a spy now.
- I was pleasantly surprised to see Yunkai in the opening.
- Stannis was far less cringe-worthy than in episode 3. Even alright.
- Edmure is less of an idiot this episode which is good. I like book Edmure.
- Davos and Shireen was great.
- The credit song was fantastic.
- My favorite character of the series, Roose, is great already. I'm so excited for the conversation next episode.
Not-so-great
- Arya was a bit too over-emotional and 'soft' in her scene with Gendry. She was good in the conversation with Beric and Thoros though.
- Olenna is starting to annoy me now. She's less witty and more rude. The show is overplaying her a bit too much. Sometimes less is more.
- Loras seemingly forgetting his deep love and loyalty to Renly.
- I liked the bathtub scene, but Jaime was just a little too over-emotional. The last line was great though.
Bad:
- Selyse, just... Selyse... Completely different to book Selyse, save for her piety. The babies in the jars... yeah, no. I did notice her naming one of them as Edric though. A nod to readers?
Overall I loved the episode and enjoyed it more than any other episode since season 1. Cogman is great for this show. His love for the books really shows. I wish he was the showrunner...
105	The Monkey	2013-04-29	10/10A truly brilliant episode. Maise continues to be mindblowingly awesome as Arya, some really emotional scenes. Can't wait for her to get to some angrier and more violent material. The Beric/Sandor duel was by far the best action scene we've had in the series, my god.What else happened, so much good stuff... Brilliant acting from both Jaime and Brienne at the bath tub scene. Robb had some great scenes for the first time since season 1. Loved that we got to see a more humane side of Stannis at long last. And Tywin owning his kids is always a pleasure to watch.Also, we got our first glimpse of Roose Bolton's cold gaze! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />One nitpick:Shireen is blond!!! So much for Baratheon black of hair! Doesn't Ned look foolish now. Sometimes, I just don't get the things this show does.Ned only concluded that the Baratheon genes are stronger than the Lannister genes; maybe the Florent genes are stronger still.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 29 April 2013 - 04:32 AM.
106	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Agree about Shireen's hair colour as a minor nitpick. You had one job HBO!
107	Dove	2013-04-29	Wow, ahahaha, I didn't think of that. Is the seed strong? Find out on the next episode of Maury!Aside from that Shireen was cool, and the grayscale looked good. She was alright in the books too, but you can't help but take an instant liking to the kid after the scene with her awkward-ass dad and then her being awesome with Davos.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 04:48 AM.
108	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	I can't wait for more Shireen/Davos scenes this season. I've heard rumours, that instead of that young maester, it's Shireen that teaches Davos how to read in the show.
109	The Killer Snark	2013-04-29	I gave it a nine. I really enjoyed how faithful it was in relation to prior episodes in this season which altered or chopped to fit things in. The second half was arguably more interesting than the first half, with more key plot-points coming together. My only reservation is that Rose Leslie could have shown her bush, because this was of course expected by any male viewers tuning in. I'm not really being facetious either, seeing as Jon thinks of Ygritte being 'kissed by fire' from the moment he sees her nude.
I thought the actor playing Jaime was terrific in this episode. Also the guy who plays Roose, and the actor for Qyburn is spot on.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 29 April 2013 - 05:45 AM.
110	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	I'm really torn about the rating.
On one hand, it was a consistently great episode with some fantastic scenes: Jaime in the bath, the Brotherhood scenes, Dany and Grey Worm, Jorah and Barristan, Tywin with Cersei and Tyrion, Olenna and Tyrion, and Shireen and Davos.
But there were some really stupid things that just pulled me out of the episode. One major issue I have is with the handling of Loras - just like Renly he's now 100% defined by his sexuality, and it's also presented quite badly anyway.
I also have a major problem with the way Tyrion is being whitewashed. In the books he wasn't keen on marrying Sansa, but his greed and lust for power convinced him to do it. In the show it appears that they're trying to make it forced upon Tyrion. It's just going to vilify Sansa. Luckily Dinklage, Headey and Dance all gave perfect performances to make up for it.
There were also some major acting problems this episode, though. Littlefinger was worse than usual, and so was Jon. Littlefinger at least is written terribly, but there's no excuse for Jon - the material he had this episode was great. He really ruined Jon's scenes for me, which is disappointing because his time with the wildlings was the only time I actually enjoyed his material.
But my major problem is with Selyse. The babies in jars was terrifying and incredibly triggering. And reducing her to the "mad woman in the attic" trope is just insulting.
Anyway, I'll probably rate it 8 or 9/10, because the issues I have are more to do with the show as a whole than the episode itself. Bryan Cogman did a great job as per usual.
111	The Monkey	2013-04-29	^ Aye, if there was an Emmy for overacting, Adian Gillen would take it home every year for his horrible portrayal of Littlefinger. He destroys every scene he's in. Him, Shae and Jon Snow are the disappointments in an otherwise extraordinarily well-acted show.
112	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-29	I rated it a 9 and really enjoyed it.  As some have said, it was a very good nod to the book readers.  It's always nice when they make non-book stuff gel with the series too, in particular the Shireen scenes.  The Loras scene would be the opposite, however.  And no, it's not because he's gay.. possibly the best character in any HBO series was gay (you'll instantly know who I mean if you've seen that show).  The Jaime turnaround is going very smoothly, and hopefully this is the start of one for Stannis.  I have my doubts given what D&D have said about him, though.  The biggest disappointment is Jon Snow.  I don't think the show writing or directing is poor, so it's likely that Kit Harrington is just a terrible, terrible actor.
	Spoiler I certainly wouldn't vote for this guy as Lord Commander, and see no reason for others to do so.

					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 29 April 2013 - 06:07 AM.
113	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	Shireen being blonde was a mini wtf moment. lasted for about a second before i got over it.
114	gmavridis	2013-04-29	TEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Despite the diminishing of Loras's character and the dead babies (that was a WTF moment)Pleasantly surprised at seeing Yunkai on the map, as well as Grey Worm.The fight between the Hound and Beric was excellent, but the highlight was Jaime's story and how it ended "My name is Jaime"Totally Agree 10!! it is Also the scene with Robb and Lord Kastark's execution was excellent
115	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-29	Shireen being blonde was a mini wtf moment. lasted for about a second before i got over it.So that's what ppl were on about with the hair, was she a redhead I can't remember?
116	Each Other	2013-04-29	I was entirely charmed by the portrayal of Shireen Baratheon, when she looked up to meet the eyes of her visiting father. The whole setting of Dragonstone is getting a lot darker with that episode compared to the impressions I got from the books. Though the viewers are surely missing some of the background facts setting that place into context. Does the series even inform about it being the initial point of Aegon's invasion? Is there a shot of the Painted Table at some point? The ingenuous viewer might well be wondering what's up with Shireen's face, too.
The most peculiar fact I learned when I googled the name of the actress portaying Shireen is that she (Kerry Ingram) happens to suffer from brittle bone's disease. Don't know how to feel about that yet.
117	gmavridis	2013-04-29	I wonder if they are going to introduce Patchface later in the season
118	Tywin's Honour	2013-04-29	7/10
Bryan Cogman remained as true to the books as any episode preceding this, IMO. I just felt that it lacked the oomph that the previous episode had.
- NCW and Christie's chemistry continues to be the standout of the season thus far.
- As opposed to some, I rather enjoyed Arya's softer side. Although it is absent from the books, the "I can be your family" line to Gendry really encapsulates Arya's innermost desire to once again belong. Both in the books and the series, I feel. Something was in my eye during that scene. Must have been dust...
- Tywin's smackdown of his ungrateful children was well done. I can't say I imagine book Tywin every raising his voice, though. His green and gold-speckled glares often are sufficient for quelling any rebellions. 
- I can't say I'm enjoying the direction that Stannis, and now Selyse (minus the mo'), is going. Additionally, Selyse takes infidelity and 'children' out of wedlock particularly well.
So in conclusion, a solid episode. Just lacking the finale of its predecessor to elevate it into the stratosphere.
119	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	So that's what ppl were on about with the hair, was she a redhead I can't remember?"Robert Baratheon, black of hair. Joffrey Baratheon, golden haired."The Baratheon black hair gene was a big plot point in season one, and yet somehow Show!Shireen has blonde hair just like Joffrey.
120	Tywin's Honour	2013-04-29	Does the series even inform about it being the initial point of Aegon's invasion? Is there a shot of the Painted Table at some point? I do believe that Shireen alludes to it in her scene with Stannis. They show the Table in season two when Stannis is dictating the letter to be sent across the realm regarding the Incestwins and their bastards. Also, the Table is shown from a top-down perspective when Melisandre 'seduces' Stannis.
121	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-29	The most peculiar fact I learned when I googled the name of the actress portaying Shireen is that she (Kerry Ingram) happens to suffer from brittle bone's disease. Don't know how to feel about that yet.Why's that? I'm glad she's been able to overcome it to an extent to become an actor/singer. She was praised for her performance in the musical Matilda, I believe. And I doubt it will affect her performances going forward.
122	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-29	"Robert Baratheon, black of hair. Joffrey Baratheon, golden haired."The Baratheon black hair gene was a big plot point in season one, and yet somehow Show!Shireen has blonde hair just like Joffrey.Maybe so the lannisters can start their rumour soon that stannis didn't father shireen, if both stannis n Robert's kids have blonde hair.
123	Mr Smith	2013-04-29	Wavering between 8 and 9. On the one hand no wow moments, but on the other, some very good interplay between characters.
Beric/Hound was very well choreographed, a fight with a flaming sword can end up looking very clumsy but they dealt with it very well.
Karstark execution was perfect in every way.
Jaime's story and its deliverance was phenomenal.
Very interesting that they've decided to include Selyse and Shireen, and the former was sufficiently creepy. We'll see where this goes.
Tywin/Tyrion/Cersei was maybe the highlight of the episode for me, and they've done well not to overcomplicate that particular arc.
My major problem with this episode was Jon's arc, which I feel has been very poorly handled this season (once again). I felt like he folded way too easily, and it would have meant more if Ygritte had been trying to seduce him throughout most of this season rather than last. The whole scene felt rushed, and it was pretty ridiculous how close the hot water spring was to the mouth of the cave.
Also really liked the little moment between Gendry and Arya, I've really enjoyed Arya's humanisation in this season.
124	Holdfast	2013-04-29	8/10.  Can't believe they left out one of the Hound's best lines thrown at the BWB during their pre-fight Lord of Light, night is full of terros spiel:
"This cave is dark too, but I'm the only terror here". Still, loved the fight between Sandor and Beric.
Would have rated the episode higher but some things jarred with me.  Jon and Ygritte scene felt uncomfortably forced, the babies in the jars scene was just...weird and am still deciding what to think about the Loras/squire surprise.
Loved the whole Tywin, Cersei and Tyrion scene.
125	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	(Jon getting all aggressive towards Orrell was dumb and weird as I think it was completely out of character for him)Um, yeah. He IS out of character right now. Duh.
126	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-29	Great episode, only very minor nitpicks.
They picked such a little gem for Shireen it's such a shame they've taken 1 1/2 seasons to introduce her. Excellent fan service with Jon/Ygritte, Brienne/Jaime, Berric/Sandor.
Selyse is well cast and well played.
127	Corvus Albus	2013-04-29	Breathless for almost an hour. After that the Lord of Light brought me back.
10/10
128	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I gave it an 8.
I am absolutely loving anything to do with Jaime and Brienne this season. Amazing!
I love Jon & Ygritte
Kings Landing was spot on - from Tywin to QoT to all of them
I am also enjoying the build-up of Robb's story.
The Hound and Beric fight was awesome. My hubby was really into that one.
My only sticking point is the development of Stannis' story. I'm not sure I like how Stannis and his family are being portrayed. Shireen is fine, she is really sweet but it gave the impression that she is imprisoned in her own home, which was creepy. And I didn't really like Selyse having the babies in jars ala the Governor on TWD. I guess D&D interpret Stannis much differently than I do upon reading him.
I'm also still waiting for Tormund to be Tormund.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 29 April 2013 - 07:28 AM.
129	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	I, for one, am fine with this interpretation of Selyse and Shireen as I found them to be utter throw-aways in the book. This gives them at least a little bit of personality. A nice touch. That scene with Davos and Shireen was one of the few scenes in this series which I would call "precious".
					
					
							Edited by Pure Guava, 29 April 2013 - 07:33 AM.
130	Ran	2013-04-29	Shireen's very affecting in the novels, in the ACoK and ASoS chapters where she's featured, IMO. In fact, I would have liked if the show had retained more of her sadness. She leads such an utterly lonely existence, with two emotionally distant parents and no siblings, only a mad old fool for a friend. They've made her seem a bit more happy-go-lucky, so to speak, less affected by these things.
131	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	Interesting. Since I never found either of them to be anything more than background noise as Stannis' unwanted distractions. Not to mention Patchface usually stole the (freak)show whenever those scenes presented themselves. Speaking of, thank christ there's no Patchface and they've given the song to Shireen. That might be the first time a character in a book had been able to physically upset me every time he appeared.
					
					
							Edited by Pure Guava, 29 April 2013 - 07:39 AM.
132	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	I'd rather see Selyse and Stannis gorging on their pickled babies for dinner after barbecuing them in Mel's fires than have that creepy fucker Patchface on my TV screen. His scenes are some of the few times in the series where I actually feel creeped out.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 29 April 2013 - 07:47 AM.
133	Hound Dog	2013-04-29	And Tywin owning his kids is always a pleasure to watch.Ha, ha. I second that completely. This line made me laugh out loud.
134	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-29	Great episode and they managed to pack in some scenes without it seeming rushed or hard to take in. Its not an episode I'll watch again for a while since after the opening fight scene there wasn't any real wow moments. I guess we got to spoiled last episode with crazy twists.
					
					
							Edited by aFeastForDragons, 29 April 2013 - 08:01 AM.
135	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	"And Now His Watch is Ended" had a really terrific finale, and the Old Bear's death, but if you look at what came before closely, it wasn't that far above an average episode. It was elevated by the finish.It was, but even without the finish (if that were even possible) it would've still been a solid 9 in my book because it kept me entertained long before we reached that point, and you can't discard parts of the episode, or you'd have to do that here, too. People wouldn't be speaking praise about the entire episode or give a 10 just for 'Dracarys.' Let's make this easy though: they were both terrific.
136	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Great episode  - 9/10 from me. I have to confess, I was slightly disappointed with Beric's resurrection combined with the Hound's reaction but still enjoyed the scene a lot. In general, all the scenes were on point and worked well. 
Can't believe we're halfway through the season already though. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
137	Batman	2013-04-29	Jon and Ygrittes relationship feels so rushed and the story feels clunky. I knew that going into the second book some storylines would suffer. Aside from the Godfather adaptations are never as good as the source. I think it hurts more because I am partial to Jon. If Dany or Tyrion or some other characters story had gone this way it would have stung me less.
138	Sir Mark of the East	2013-04-29	Again, very much enjoyed this one. Lightning Lord VS The Hound was so epic. Thoros was very good, I forgot how I imagined him but he's doing a very good job. Ygritte and Jon Snow's scene in the cave was done with finesse. I liked that it didn't look like porn, just some nice sexy time. I like what they did with Robb in this episode, you'd feel kind of excited about his plans (if only the non-readers know hehe). I'm really glad they've included Shireen in the show so when we finally get to see her when Stannis visited Selyse and her, i'm like "Shireen!" And of course, Tywin commanding his children. Classic.
PS. Shireen's song at the end was creepy.
Gave this episode a 10 (although I was thinking to give it just a 9, but I thought "What the heck, I've enjoyed it so here's a 10")
139	Lord of Castamere	2013-04-29	9/10. Just lovely work. Only left 10 reserved for something more amazing. The characters are becoming more and more three dimensional and im loving it. Stunning work.
140	Lucky Pierre	2013-04-29	9/10 Loved it!!
I'm really surprised by all the 'Loras loved Renly' stuff. Sure he did... but Renly has been dead for a very long time now in the story. I've read the books several times and sure, we knew there was love there but really???  Loras is a minor character since Renlys death. Loras always bored me.
And honestly- it's not him having sex with a squire that bothered me, it's his betrayal of the Tyrell plans for Sansa that I didn't like. Let the kid get some action now... he's not going to be pretty forever!!! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  
I do like the comment up thread about Loras running to take the White now that Cersei is his future!! That ties that up nicely actually.
141	Eric Baratheon	2013-04-29	Previous to this, the only season three episode I liked was last week's, and that was due to bad-ass Daenerys taking Astapor and leaving with hr new army and her teenage dragons. I gave that one a solid 7.
This one was a 9..! I am so relieved, I hope season three has picked up steam now, and am looking forward for the latter half of this year's show.
That being said, I can forgive Loras' portrail due to the fact there was some gay sex on screen for a change. Ah! (lol)
Loved Shireen / Davos stuff, the babies-in-a-jar was terrific. Ditto for the wildling's, and Jon and Y's love scene.
All and all, the season is finally living up to its legacy. Pity it took 5 episodes.
142	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	Um, yeah. He IS out of character right now. Duh.I don't get it. I've seen hundreds of people complaining about Jon being too naive, dumb, soft. Even the word EMO was used. Now that he is finally getting stronger and "smarter" (and even funnier, I loved how he mocked Orell's warging abilities!), people say he is out of carachter. This sort of thing constantly happens in this forum!
143	DolorousKim	2013-04-29	This was by far my favorite episode thus far in Season 3.  I was oh-so-close to giving it a 10, but the Selyse/Stannis scene just hit too false a note to me to give this episode a perfect rating.What worked for me:Jaime/Brienne bath scene - In my opinion, this was NCW's finest moment in the series so far; he just couldn't have delivered this scene any more perfectly.  After this, I would imagine that Jaime should receive a bit more sympathy from the non-book reader fan faction.  Gwendoline Christie was once again the perfect foil, her portrayal of Brienne has been stellar this season.Tywin/Tryion/Cersei - This scene illustrated the glorious dysfunctionality (yep, I made that word up, but I could think of no other word that fit so well) that is clan Lannister in a superlative fashion.  Charles Dance, Peter Dinklage and Lena Headey hit all the right notes, and then some.Shireen/Davos - A short, incredibly sweet scene that managed to be both precious and heartbreaking at the same time.  Liam Cunningham was absolutely charming -- I hope that we get to see a bit more of this side of Davos in the future.  Kerry Ingram knocked my socks off -- she was wonderful as Shireen, blonde hair notwithstanding.Stannis/Shireen - Finally, FINALLY, we get to see the warmer side of Stannis.  It was long overdue.  Great chemistry between these two -- I hope we get to see more of this relationship play out on the screen.Beric/Hound - This was my favorite individual fight sequence since the Bronn/Ser Vardis duel back in season 1.  Excellently staged and executed!Beric/Thoros/Arya - Each one of the actors in this scene really succeeded in conveying just how miserable, demoralizing, and isolating each of their own existences presently are.  They also really drove home the fact that there is presently no end (happy or otherwise) in sight to their travails.Lady Olenna/Tyrion - Diana Rigg, Peter Dinklage, and ridiculously witty dialogue, what more can you ask for?The closing credit song, sung by Kerry Ingram, was so wonderfully eerie that it deserves special kudos.  Now THIS is the way that you end an espisode!What didn't work for me:Selyse/Stannis - This whole scene was just jam-packed with false notes to me.  I can't believe that even religious fanatic Selyse would be quite so hearty in her endorsement of Stannis' infidelity, even if it was supposedly in the service to r'hllor.  Also, since when does Selyse exhibit such a great deal of hatred/shame of/towards her daughter that she would actively discourage Stannis from visiting with her?  Do I even need to mention the pickled fetuses??  Nearly everything about this scene just felt "wrong" to me.
144	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	I don't get it. I've seen hundreds of people complaining about Jon being too naive, dumb, soft. Even the word EMO was used. Now that he is finally getting stronger and "smarter" (and even funnier, I loved how he mocked Orell's warging abilities!), people say he is out of carachter. This sort of thing constantly happens in this forum!No. What I meant was "He is acting the part of a wilding" i.e. "out of character".
145	insertname	2013-04-29	A bit harshly, I gave it a 7. While there was nothing really wrong with it and some scenes were great, there were quite a few thing that didn't quite work for me either.
The good:
-Tywin vs. his kids, just guarantees to be a great scene.
-The bath scene was great.
-I'm okay with the way they depicted Shireen
The neutral:
-I thought there was a bit much dumb banging on shields in the duel, but then again it's probably something you'll have in a real fight too.
-It's nice to see Littlefinger do some "plotting", but having someone seduce Loras was pretty simple, and apparently he had to be initiated by Cersei first...
-I had kinda hoped to hear the Candle-line or show his affection for Renly in some other way. Bit sad they cut it out, but understandable.
The bad:
-I've never been too big a fan of the resurrection in the books, and if that kind of story works well depends hugely on the cost. Beric had his line about losing himself...but I didn't really buy it that this was so bad for him. It didn't seem like it was.
-This is more of a fault of the previous episodes, but Jon/Ygritte didn't work for me at all. The scene itself was fine (Though "you know nothing Jon Sno - OH!" is a terribly cheesy line imho, wish they'd have cut that) but their relationship hasn't progressed to that point yet, especially not for Ygritte to say "I want to stay in this cave forever"
-Stillborns in those cylinders...that was just weird and didn't really fit...
The rest was okay, nothing bad but nothing really special either (could be I'm forgetting about some things though)
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 29 April 2013 - 09:16 AM.
146	Gannicus	2013-04-29	No jaw dropping moments, but it was written outstandingly. There was some great character development stuff. It's the second best episode of the season for me, after episode 4.
147	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	No. What I meant was "He is acting the part of a wilding" i.e. "out of character".Sorry, I wasn't speaking about you, I quoted you because your comment made me think about what I've said!
148	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-29	Great episode again.
The duel between The Hound and Beric is the best scripted fight in the show this far.
Jaime and Brienne keep having great chemistry in every single scene and it was great seeing their relationship grow even more.
Shireen was really good and another positive surprise when it comes to child actors on this show. I loved that she sang Patchface's song and it was really eerie.
Also good to see Selyse as well and they quickly established her as a religious fanatic. I liked the touch of one of the unborn sons being named Edric.
Tywin keeps having incredible presence and his scene with Tyrion and Cersei was great.
There were many other nice things as well, including a good deal of clever foreshadowing.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 29 April 2013 - 09:25 AM.
149	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I gave it a 9. Hardly anything to dislike, just all-round excellent.In general, I liked how things slowed down a little to get some character development done.The duel between the Hound and Beric Dondarrion. Show that scene to the guy who directed the Jaime / Brienne fight. That's how you do a swordfight. Beric looked awesome, elegant and badass like I imagined him, the fire was a constant factor, even Maisie was present throughout it, they were really evenly-matched, it was easy to feel for the Hound because he got burned yet again... Best fight in the show so far.Beric: "(He will die.) But not today." -> this is the kind of cleverness from the books I also want to see in the show, loved it."The Lord of Light isn't done with him yet" -> this is nice foreshadowing to the role we expect Sandor Clegane to take, as a warrior of the Faith against his undead brother.Jon again had that wimpy look on his face that just makes me angry. It got better, though his aggression is kind of out of character because it was blatantly obvious he was lying to them and still loyal to the NW.Tormund sucks. I'm sorry, he just does. How many cheesy lines can this sad brute produce?Ygritte steals Jon's sword like it's nothing, come on guys!At the moment Jon and Ygritte engage in sexy times, I believe their relationship hasn't been developed well enough to really consider it something to be happy about. The dialogue following it and the way the scene was handled fixed this for me though. They actually looked like a loving pair, and they know what's outside the cave will tear them apart, which makes a very, very nice metaphor for wanting to stay, the innocence of a loving couple against the cruel reality of the world...Roose's psychological torture of Jaime was so in-character and downright awesome, the guy who is playing him is too. Locke has something bad coming for him...I'm a huge fan of Qyburn (the character) so I had my *squee* moment when he appeared too, more, more! I'm happy with the way Qyburn is portrayed - it's like you can't decide whether he's fatherly or creepy. It would've been nice if they could've dropped a line about how he became Roose's maester after they'd rescued him to avoid the bloodied up guy somehow being a medic without too much explanation (it makes him look like a plot device) but then again the foreshadowing of his creepy experiments and the crazy look in his eyes as he's cutting into Jaime's flesh was a nice touch.Did I mention Jaime's wrist looked absolutely disgusting, even by GoT standards?I don't mind Loras looking like an idiot. He killed 2-3 men, fellow brothers in arms, because he was angry Renly got killed, and never once showed remorse for them. He is pretty much an idiot. If anything it makes Petyr (who is far more important than Loras) look smarter, which was kind of necessary.The Queen of Thorns discussing provisions was enjoyable. This is, after all, an important factor to the story and GRRM himself has said he thinks the logistics are all too often forgotten in fantasy.Maisie's goodbye scene with Gendry was a real tearjerker. Props to Joe Dempsie for making him into such a cool character. He already kinda was, but this Gendry has a little more depth and actual thoughts about what's happening to him and where he's going.One thing I'll remark is that Karstark being caught immediately kinda takes away the tension and the shock the murdering of the Lannister boys (which really brutal very well portrayed) ought to have on someone - you immediately see Karstark is caught and justice will be done.I don't think the Blackfish would punch a helpless man... but it's only a detail. Still, this coupled with his reaction to Edmure makes him look more like a thug in service to Robb than anything else.'Those boys did?' Robb had a nice analogy here with the line Talisa gave him when they first met. It's really well done because showing the effect she has on him symbolizes the larger effect his marriage with her has to his men. 'Let him watch' was also a great inclusion from the book. Karstark was awesome as always, applause for Jon Stahl. Robb's descent into not villainy, but emotional instability reminds me a little of Arthas, the way it's portrayed. Which is oddly appropriate. Arthas, too, brought about the ruin of everything he loved by trying to protect it...I still think Beric is awesome. They had to establish why the rest of the men weren't surprised he came back to life, so the scene suits me just fine. 'Every time I come back to life, I lose something...' -> this is an important line, because it shows some of GRRM's psychology, too (he said that when characters return from the dead, they're often somewhat weaker characters than before).I've given my thoughts on Stannis' scenes in another topic, suffice it to say I enjoyed the scenes, but I fear they won't do much for other people's opinions on him. Not that it matters. The relationship with his family is definitely expanded upon and more interesting, though. Oh and I can't stress enough that 'Davos is not rotting!'NCW gets a 10/10 for performance on this episode, I could feel his pain, and I don't really tend to empathize with Jaime all that much. How he was holding his arm up was strangely funny to me, I imagined all he was needed was a hook and a hat and he could've gone 'yarr!' and started talking like a pirate.Good to see Davos again. Liam Cunningham is my favourite guy on the show, he's just such a good and funny Irish guy, and a fan, no less.Going from Aegon the Conqueror to Daenerys was a smart cut.I could listen to Ser Jorah and Barristan talking all day long. The mixture of respect, tension and apprehension is great.I thought it was kind of weird that Karstark would have half the army. That would make him more powerful than the Starks and the Riverlords combined. Yeah I get that the situation has to seem very dire to Robb, but come on, who's going to buy that?Another clever thing was how you could see the silhouettes of the guards in the Cersei - Littlefinger scene.About Littlefinger though, he has a weird and forced way of speaking, but it never really bothered me until his scene with Sansa where he just sounded many higher degrees of weird. Come on man, you can do better than that!And of course, we get Charles Dance at the end. As he did in Season 2, he appears for a few minutes at the end of the episode and simply owns everything. He almost makes you wanna wish Tywin would stick around a while longer.All in all, I enjoyed the slower pace and time for exposition and character development in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 09:40 AM.
150	Sand11751	2013-04-29	A solid 9; nothing can top the ending of episode 5, except maybe a certain wedding. My heart skips a beat for Jamie; incest and paralyzing a child aside, he's just one of the best, most complex characters in this series.. I love the actress cast as Shireen. What a sad little song at the end, but she nailed the scenes and held her own with Stannis and Davos. Selsye and the dead babies was a little too Walking Dead-ish for me, but glad she was introduced as well.
151	BlackTalon	2013-04-29	I gave it a protest 10. What's a protest 10? It's when you have a strong moral principle against judging anything a 10 but feel something was so good in contrast, a message must be sent.PACE. This episode had an enjoyable pace for once. The scenes lasted a bit longer and had room to breathe. Oddly, it made the whole episode feel longer and feel like a story instead of visual cliff notes.- Duel scene was fantastic. I was a but worried after the brienne/jamie fight scene, but this sequence was well directed and fun to watch.- Bath scene was a homerun. Nikolaj nailed it and the direction was gold.This director should direct them all.Same here. This episode felt about half again as long as the previous ones (in a good way).I totally disagree with everyone saying how Arya appeared "weak", I think she was portrayed wonderfully in this episode. The showrunners have already decided she is not going to be 11 yo badass assassin (No harrenhal guard throat slit). I was never a fan of that part in the book and I actually find show Arya much more realistic and believable.That was a great episode. So many powerful scenes ...Arya and Gendry ... "You could be my family ....!"  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />the duel,Robb and Karstark,the bathscene (despite the glaringly obvious bodydouble for Gwendoline Christie, I mean she had already had full frontal nude pics published, what is the problem with showing a little butt? Judging by the curves she had the same body double as Oona Chaplin in her scene with Robb last season /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> ),Stannis with his wife (I liked the fetuses, creepy as hell) and daughter ("your best friend in my court is a traitor and I will probably have to burn him alive, just forget him!" Oh Stannis, never change /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> ).
152	The Killer Snark	2013-04-29	I'm still not sold on how they're portraying Stannis yet, and what on Earth were the pickled babies about? But at least the Dragonstone sections are picking up for me. I reckon they should have included Patchface, though, who I always found creepily amusing, but they may have considered him a distraction. I just realised how badly underused Roose has been before.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 29 April 2013 - 09:50 AM.
153	ServantOnIce	2013-04-29	7 out of 10
154	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Selsye and the dead babies was a little too Walking Dead-ish for meIt reminded me mostly of Alien IV...
155	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-29	I am giving this a 10 simply because I am over the moon that we got the tub scene between B&J (just noticed their initials together *giggle*) and we got the "lord's kiss" even if it was not named as such.
156	Little Wing	2013-04-29	Breathless for almost an hour. After that the Lord of Light brought me back.10/10Indeed. Same feels here. And rating.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
157	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-29	A solid 9 or 9.5 for me (I gave last week an 8).  Last night was the best episode I have seen yet.  All of the dialogue was meaningful and moved the story along.  The fight with the Hound and Dondarrion was amazing.  My wife and I felt so bad for Arya and I got tears in my eyes with her and Gendry talking to each other.  Maisie was brilliant.  Her trying to attack Clegane was sweet.  She is such a little bad-ass.  Actually all of the acting this year is off the charts.
Tywin is just perfectly cast and perfectly acted.  Amazing in every word.  His scene with his kids was special.  Loved Cersie's smug look at Tyrion and how she then gets a dose of fatherly love too.  Ha!
Jon and Ygrette was awesome.  I too wish he would have stayed in the fricking cave.  Sigh.  Grey Worm scene was awesome and gave me chills.  BwB was awesome.  Robb and his scenes with Karstark were great.  Jaime and Brienne scene was wonderful.  Just great acting.  Queen of Thorns and Tyrion scene was very funny.  Loved every minute of it.
Really like how they made Selyse Florent a messed up wack job.  The babies in the glass were fricking disturbing.  Poor Shireen.  I feel really bad for her.  Loved her scene with the Onion Knight, who is also perfectly cast.
And Shireen singing the Patchface song at the end gave me the chills.  Creepy as all living hell.
One thing is for certain.  GOT will be cleaning up at the Emmy's next year.  Seriously.  As much as I did not like Season 2, Season 3 is some of the best television I have ever seen in my life.  The acting is truly top notch and the budget increases have made a world of difference.
158	gwenyth	2013-04-29	Odd one out, here.  I gave it a 5.  I have been trying to be generous in my ratings, feeling that as a book reader I will inevitably feel less "ah hah!" or "wow" over plot or character revelations, so I've given the previous episodes higher ratings than I really felt they warranted.  In truth, I really feel this series has been on a downward arc since season 1 in terms of excitement, interest, dramatic tension.  
There have been some spectacular moments in the last two seasons, yes, but they are too few and too far between, and most of the "character development" scenes are just .... slow, boring. 
I keep watching for the spectacular sets, lush costumes and other visuals, and the consistently good acting from nearly everyone - but good acting alone can't rescue a slow and boring pace or meaningless material, of which there is far too much (Roz and Shae being a prime example).  At least there was little of that sort of time wasting in this one - the "character revealing" scenes were slow and boring, but at least told us something about the personalities/motivations: there was at least no idiotcy like the Marge and Sansa "porridge-face" joke or totally unneccessary additions like the "Sorcerer in a box." 
Since I watch it right after, I cannot help but contrast the pace with that of "The Borgia's,"  where other than the occasional scene of the lovely young thing who plays Lucrecia prancing about just to show how lovely and entrancing she is, there is no scene that does have dramatic tension, that does not advance the plot, that is not just dripping with sinister. 
So ... I'll keep watching - I'd watch for the visuals alone, the lush cinematic beauty of scenes like Rob et al standing in rain for the Karstark execution - but overall I am greatly disappointed so far this season.
159	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-29	Forgot about the amazing and gross Jaime and Qyburn scene.  Made me squirm!!!
160	Abaddon	2013-04-29	9.  As usual by the time I've gotten to the end of the thread I'm so discouraged I don't want to even bother posting my likes/dislikes, so I will leave it at that.
161	jons nissa	2013-04-29	Cersei got gobstopped at the end, didn't she? I feel sorry for her in a way. She's trapped in a woman's body, but has a man's sense of independence, thirst for power, and need for self-determination.i didn't feel sorry for her because just the second before she received her betrothal she was gloating over tyrion being forced to marry and gave no thought what so ever to the fact that poor sansa would be forced into a marriage with the family that destroyed hers. but suddenly when the arrow is pointing at her, she begs not to have it happen.that said, i thought the scene was well done. tywin owned them, as he always does.I wasn't quite feeling the Jon/Ygritte stuff... I don't know why.probably the fact that there was no real lead up to a sexual romp between jon and ygritte other than the silly chase they had last season. their relationship hasn't been established well on the show, imho. in fact, my biggest criticism is how jon is being portrayed. his character just isn't coming through to me.but i did really enjoy the episode. jaime and brienne continue to be wonderful and nail it every time. and jaime's line "i'll scream loudly" is one of my favorites. (don't ask me why  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> ). i also loved arya and while there have been tweaks to her character as well, she seems more realistic in my eyes. of course she would be sad at losing the last of the gang she started out with. she realizes that she's alone now and the sadness of the moment was well executed by maisie. shireen was fabulous but i agree with ran, i felt she should have been more melancholy. without even patchface, her world must be very lonely and dismal. sansa and littlefinger was interesting. this sansa seems to be able to keep secrets better than the books. in fact, she is a very different sansa altogether and i'm wondering why more people aren't commenting on that. the hound and beris - awesomeness.a solid 9!
162	Eric Baratheon	2013-04-29	I am pondering changing my 9 into a 10. This was indeed superb writing, direction and score. Superb acting all-around. Superb - flawless even - editing.The Rolling Stone recap is just spot-on, I recommend it:http://www.rollingst...t-game-20130429
163	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	The Rolling Stone recap is just spot-on, I recommend it:http://www.rollingst...t-game-20130429Really good recap, thanks for posting.
164	Table8	2013-04-29	Just finished third viewing.  Excellent episode!  Though for some reason I enjoyed episode 4 more.  
The good:  lots of momentum throughout.  Great dynamics on the last scene with the Lannister family.  Loved that they explained the importance of Sansa and their awarness of Tyrell plotting.  While different from the book, I actually liked the scene where Robb makes his plan to attack Casterly Rock.  It reintroduces Walder Frey, and the dialogue was a great reset for the viewer.  "when we started we had purpose, but now we're all bickering children".  "well then, find a new purpose".  Excellent dialogue!  Also great were the subtleties in the scene between Barristan and Jorah, the way Jorah was fishing around seeing if Barristan knew of Jorah's conspiring against Dany.  Most impressive - the Jaime Brienne scene.  Seriously, I was rather indifferent to their storyline from the books.  But the acting and writing of the show has made them rock stars to me.  The show has greatly increase my appreciation for the characters.  These 2 actors are almost carrying the show by making great scenes, one after the next!
The bad:  I seriously wonder if any non book readers give a crap at all about Jon Snow.  The way his storyline has progressed this season is a terrible injustice.  A bit here and a bit there - no momentum at all!  My biggest complaint about season 3 has been pacing.  It's gotten to the point that Jon Snow scenes (and the repetitive Bran scenes which we were fortunately spared this episode) just kill the show dead. A shame, because Jon's story is one of my favorite parts of the book and Kit plays the character very well.  The producers and writers just don't do the character/story justice.  And Stannis....... (sigh) my favorite character in the book.  Yet when I see his scenes on TV, I see nothing of the qualities that I liked so much in the book.  WTF was up with the baby jars?  And one of his sons was called Edric?!?  The character assassination continues.
The petty:  anyone notice the music cues were all out of sorts?  They used the Theon theme for Karstarks execution.  They used the theme commonly associated with Stannis during Thoros's prayers.  I guess these themes don't belong to Theon or Stannis, but instead are used for "bad decision making" and "lord of light", respectively.  I'd rather the former.
Great episode, but still enough pacing flaws to get hurt.  Gave it an 8.
165	The Monkey	2013-04-29	On a second watch, I might say this is my favourite episode of GoT of all time, surpassing even "Fire and Blood".
166	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-29	Loved the episode, rated it an 8, same as last week. It didn't have the Dracary's type moment for me, but the show as a whole was really well done.
Jon/Ygritte, a little quick, needed a little more lead up, but still shows them for who they are. Him a maid and her with several men.
Shireen, liked her, kinda glad patchface didn't make the show. It may have been just a distracting charactor.
Thought Jorah over acted a little when asking about being on the small council and trying to find out if Selmy knew that Jorah was the informant.
Loved Tywin destroying both his childrens hopes, Cersei was soooooo happy to laugh at Tyrion and then BAM!!!
Jaime/Brienne, again loved this scene. Really helps to get the Jaime POV out there as to why he did what he did. They really handled that great.
167	Bean Stocks	2013-04-29	Great episode. Since episode 3, the show has really hit its stride. Lots of great scenes in this one. The Hound's fight was excellent, and pretty much everything to do with the Brotherhood was awesome. Speaking of which, Maisie Williams was fan-fucking-tastic this episode. All her scenes were great, especially the one with Thoros and Beric around the fire.Jon and Ygritte's scene was sexy as fuuuu. Then you had Robb and co. having some serious shit going down. Karstark's execution was a great scene, filmed and acted. Now, the bath scene. FUCKING AMAZING. NCW and Gwendoline Christie owned that scene, especially NCW.Great closing scene as well. Solid 9.i agree wholeheartedly!!
168	David Selig	2013-04-29	Awesome episode. This season has really surpassed my expectations so far. Best acted show on TV currently by some margin. 9/10 (one point off because Kit still can't act and the Karstarks being almost half of Robb's total army makes no sense whatsoever).
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 29 April 2013 - 12:16 PM.
169	kevin1989	2013-04-29	9 not so big an ending as episode 4 but a much better episode in my opinion. Loved the scene between Jaime and Brienne. Very emotional.
170	Delmas	2013-04-29	gave last weeks a 10, this one was better.  Can I give it an 11?
171	Nictarion	2013-04-29	Gave it a 9/10. I absolutely loved the Hound vs Beric duel. What a surprise, when they stick to the books they produce the best scenes.  I wish the Jaime Brienne duel would have been as good. I really liked the Jorah and Barristan dialogue.  I particularly liked when Barristan says he wants to serve one leader that he believes in before he dies and asks Jorah if he believes in Dany and he says with all his heart. Grey Worm was cool as well. NCW crushed the bath scene. The scene in the cave was decent,  especially Rose Leslie. Overall a great episode.
172	Arrow	2013-04-29	i didn't feel sorry for her because just the second before she received her betrothal she was gloating over tyrion being forced to marry and gave no thought what so ever to the fact that poor sansa would be forced into a marriage with the family that destroyed hers. but suddenly when the arrow is pointing at her, she begs not to have it happen.I agree, that side of her personality is repulsive, the bad Cersei - she's hard and unfeeling, especially when it comes to her brother Tyrion, never gives an inch with him, and she has a limitless sense of her own entitlement, and she self-aggrandizes every chance she gets, referring to herself as the Queen instead of the more accurate Queen Regent. On the other hand, she loves her children above all else and actively seeks to protect them from harm, a redeeming quality in any mother. The worst thing for her is that she's perpetually frustrated because she has to, or has in the past had to, fully obey, with no appeal, her father, her son, her brother Jaime, and her late husband, she has had no choice in any of it. I think that could make anyone angry, especially a woman with ambition, to feel so held back, so trapped, with no way out. And because like all women, she is not allowed by society to be openly aggressive (unless they become a warrior like Breanne) she has to resort to channeling her hunger for power into passive-aggressive solutions - schemes - that easily backfire and leave her looking like a fool, and even more frustrated and angry than ever.But that's the genius of GRRM's characters, they're multifaceted and intriguing in their human-ness, we have so many conflicting feelings about them - Theon, Varys, Jorah, Catelyn, and most of all Jaime, whose character arc has been so fascinating - they test our ability to accept them warts and all, and not rush to judgement.
173	Paul Blackfyre	2013-04-29	A solid 9. The bath scene with Jaime and Brienne was absolutely perfect.
					
					
							Edited by Paul Blackfyre, 29 April 2013 - 01:43 PM.
174	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Good episode! glad to see that the pace has been kicked up a bit, I like the Roose/Jaimie scene it really showed you Roose's cunning. Still wish he talked a bit softer though, a la Alan Rickman in HP
175	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-29	Solid 9
-flaming sword fight was very impressive (too bad they didn't use the Hound's badass quote though)
-Kingslayer's confession was great; I'm starting to like Jamie's character more and more
-Lord Tywin lastly totally owned the episode (again) "you will marry and breed!"
176	Baltan	2013-04-29	So many pointless sex scenes and we didn't get a front shot from a naked Nikolai Coster-Waldau???? WTF HBO i waited 3 seasons for that!
Either way, loved the bath scene, Brienne shouting kingsalyer and jaime reminding her his true name. Excellent.
Any scene with Charles Dance/ Peter Dinklage is perfect, and more if it ends up screwing cercei
177	Queen of Summerwine	2013-04-29	...it flowed great and scenes just feel so much stronger when they are verbatim from the book; not absorbed by the Kingslayer's acting nor the directing in the bath scene.+Bath scene was the first time the show gave more nuance and depth than book GRRM, a visual metaphor with "baring all", "coming clean", "losing their armor", "transparency, reflective like water".+Human Inhumanity of Karstark killing children, real life resonates+LF "It doesn't matter what we want. Once we get it, we want something else"+Unsullied Grey Worm actor, fierce emotion with make believe language+Haunting Shireen song+Empathizing with 'villains', rooting against 'good guys'+Human subtext, in strong and weak mismatched but complementary pairings+Pace and flow of scenes in episode conveyed deep emotions
					
					
							Edited by Queen of Summerwine, 29 April 2013 - 03:51 PM.
178	jons nissa	2013-04-29	On the other hand, she loves her children above all else and actively seeks to protect them from harm, a redeeming quality in any mother.i believe the only thing she loves about her children is that they are extensions of her own wonderfulness and that they can be used to attain things she cannot otherwise attain. that is all i have seen her love about her children, especially myrcella, who she barely thinks about after she is sent to dorne. alone!The worst thing for her is that she's perpetually frustrated because she has to, or has in the past had to, fully obey, with no appeal, her father, her son, her brother Jaime, and her late husband, she has had no choice in any of it. I think that could make anyone angry, especially a woman with ambition, to feel so held back, so trapped, with no way out. And because like all women, she is not allowed by society to be openly aggressive (unless they become a warrior like Breanne) she has to resort to channeling her hunger for power into passive-aggressive solutions - schemes - that easily backfire and leave her looking like a fool, and even more frustrated and angry than ever.i don't know about that. we see a very powerful queen of thrones. i don't deny that cersei is held back as a result of being a woman and is very bitter about it but that doesn't make her choices any less offensive. also, i wonder how much she might have changed her lot if she had learned to understand how her father works and was able to have him truly respect her opinions and person. but she doesn't seem to want to do the work for that.eta: the feeling that cersei could have done better with her father comes from what little we know about joanna. she was supposed to have been respected by tywin so if cersei had proven herself with him, he might have respected her as well.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 29 April 2013 - 03:46 PM.
179	HopeForSpring	2013-04-29	Last weeks had a more epic ending but the writing and editing of this one had a much more cohesive feel.
There were fights, there were feelings, a little bit for everyone.
180	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	i don't know about that. we see a very powerful queen of thrones.I disagree with this. She has a lot of influence, but she spends the majority of her time cleaning up her son's mess because she lacks the power to make the decisions.
181	jons nissa	2013-04-29	I disagree with this. She has a lot of influence, but she spends the majority of her time cleaning up her son's mess because she lacks the power to make the decisions.i don't know that i agree with that. iirc, her son doesn't ask her permission for things which is why she sometimes plays clean up for him. however she does plan and execute her own schemes as well. and on the show, her son hasn't even been seen. she is the mover and shaker of the tyrell clan. while the book is not as explicit, it's the feeling i got aobut book QoT too.
182	mitch176	2013-04-29	I only feel that I want to contribute one thing regarding this episode...
I LOVED the scene between Gendry and Arya. One of my favourite scenes of the entire show so far.
183	Caesar Augustus	2013-04-29	Loved the scene with Roose and Jaime. Especially when Roose talks in that soft voice like in the books.
184	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-29	Another thing. I think they developed Valyrian pretty well. To me, it is really convincing that they are speaking the same exotic language. The accents are very similar and the words are intelligible, even though I do not understand anything of what they are saying. The show may have its drawbacks, such as the somewhat incomplete Jon Snow, but we have to give them credit for clearly looking for perfection. I have never seen such a good TV show. Furthermore, unlike many people, I am starting to enjoy Stannis story. It is true that the introduction of two new characters will always look like it came out of the blue for non-readers. Despite that, I think they actually improved Selyse and Shireen.
PS: I almost laughed at the sequence of scenes with Robb, Karstark, and Roose Bolton. It is written RW all over the place /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> .
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 29 April 2013 - 04:10 PM.
185	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-29	I gave it a 9. I loved the battle scene between Sandor and Beric, also the bath scene between Jaime and Brienne, the beheading of Lord Karstark was neatly done, also Jon and Igritte nailed it. I was hoping to see Patchface as i believed his role was important in the books, mainly because his prophecies were true, but maybe its not too late. The kid playing Shireen did a wonderful job portraying her. I also hoped to see more of Dany, but at least we got the introduction of the leader of the Unsullied. In the end it was a good episode, i liked the ending with Tywin showing who is the boss around Kings Landing.
186	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-29	Sry for double post, i forgot to mention the emotional scene between Gendry and Arya , and also between Arya and Thoros, great acting.
187	Top Notch Balanter	2013-04-29	I gave it a 9 but it was pretty close to a 10 excellent episode overall the Lannisters immense as usual and great work by Kerry Ingram as Shireen i was really really impressed. Dillane and Cunningham performed excellent as well and i felt that Richard Madden had one of his strongest episodes yet. If i was to nitpick a little i might complain about Maisie Williams but i feel bad about doing it due to how good she has been throughout the show. The weaker characters eg Jon and Littlefinger had good performances which was nice to see still not fully impressed with Oona Chaplain but again overall the cast had a really good episode
188	SilentSense	2013-04-29	Starts with the best duel thus far, awesome.
Then we got to see Ygritte naked, awesome.
The rest of the north of the wall story lines continues to be an abject failure, however.
I liked Roose Bolton, but c'mon, why don't they make the soft voice a feature TV viewers would notice? Ie make it easy to notice.
LF continues to be aweful
Tyrion too much of a white knight.
9/10 because the good was really good imo.
189	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	i don't know that i agree with that. iirc, her son doesn't ask her permission for things which is why she sometimes plays clean up for him. however she does plan and execute her own schemes as well. and on the show, her son hasn't even been seen. she is the mover and shaker of the tyrell clan. while the book is not as explicit, it's the feeling i got aobut book QoT too.Mace got them involved in the war with Renly, and then he got them involved with the Lannisters. Olenna doesn't want Margaery to marry Joffrey, but because Mace wants it she has to find a way to ensure Margaery's safety without stopping the wedding.So I don't really think Olenna has as much power as a lot of readers think she has. Like I said, she spends most of her time cleaning up Mace's mess. She still comes up with her own plots such as marrying Sansa to Willas (although in the show this was pretty much given to Varys), but that doesn't exactly prove her power. If Mace decided he wanted to marry Willas to someone else, Willas would be married to someone else.
190	Dad	2013-04-29	I really liked it.  Not as good as last week's episode but, well...what could be?  Was really, really impressed with NCW's bathtub monologue.  I wasn't too keen on his performance at the very beginning but he's done such an amazing job getting under the skin of the character that now I really couldn't imagine anyone else playing the role.
The execution of the Karstarks was brilliantly dramatic.  Incidentally, I saw Richard Madden in an interview the other day, and I was amazed to hear he wasn't from the north of England.  His accent is terrific!
And, as always, Charles Dance = Boss!
Also, really impressed with the Valyrian language.  They've done a great job making it really detailed.
Overall, a very solid 8 out of 10.
					
					
							Edited by Dad, 29 April 2013 - 05:33 PM.
191	Ser Luke.	2013-04-29	9/10.
Second best episode this season. The Hound vs Beric was incredible, Jaime's bath scene was great, and Stannis is the man!
The only thing I didn't really like is the quick subplot with the gay guy and Baelish. It's out of Loras' character to immediately go with another man after Renly died. 
"When the sun has set, no candle can replace it"
192	Arrow	2013-04-29	also, i wonder how much she might have changed her lot if she had learned to understand how her father works and was able to have him truly respect her opinions and person. but she doesn't seem to want to do the work for that.True about her not wanting to do the work - she has probably let her habit of manipulation take the place of striving for actual insight into what makes people tick, particularly her father. And he is no fool - he's certainly not going to let his daughter, who is nowhere near his intellectual equal, manipulate him.
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 29 April 2013 - 05:02 PM.
193	Honourable Ser	2013-04-29	Fucking good episode that, couldn't pick a single fault with it.
194	Cravensbayne	2013-04-29	I wish we could have seen a wide angle view of Brienne standing up in the bath. I know she has done it before, so why wouldn't she film a front nude scene? Dany has, but not too many main characters go full frontal. If Jon Snow really is the main character and ultimate badass of the story he would have shown his dong. That's why Dany will be queen in the end. She gives the people hope. Just my opinion on full frontal. It can be a very powerful story telling device. 
Wow I have a post about frontal nudity.... GOT makes me do and say weird things
195	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-29	One of the best so far 9/10
196	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-29	Who gave this episode a 1? Were they joking? Or just high?
					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 29 April 2013 - 06:11 PM.
197	shiola	2013-04-29	+ Jaime's monologue.  Fucking work it, Nikolaj.  Gods, I love you.
+ Arya arya arya.  Maisie is so wonderful.  Her goodbye with Gendry hurt me in so many ways.
+ Papa Stannis
+ Badbitch Jorah sassing Barristan
- Those fucking fetuses knocked the episode down from a 9 to a 7 for me.  But Jaime's monologue kept it at an 8.
198	shiola	2013-04-29	I wish we could have seen a wide angle view of Brienne standing up in the bath. I know she has done it before, so why wouldn't she film a front nude scene? Dany has, but not too many main characters go full frontal. If Jon Snow really is the main character and ultimate badass of the story he would have shown his dong. That's why Dany will be queen in the end. She gives the people hope. Just my opinion on full frontal. It can be a very powerful story telling device.Wow I have a post about frontal nudity.... GOT makes me do and say weird thingsTell me you're trolling.  And then learn to do it properly.
199	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-29	8.
Great acting from Richard Dormer, Charles Dance, NCW and, still my undefeated champion, Maisie Williams. Not to sound creepy, but I kind of feel like Im falling in love with her portrayal of Arya. Is she becoming Lyanna? Am I Rhaegar Targaryen? /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
That scene between her and Thoros & Beric, the tears in her eyes. That's some high class acting. 
What else did I like? Well, Tywin annihilating his kids for one. The bath scene with Jaime & Brienne. The back and forth between Robb and Karstark. Shireen singing Patchface. And offcourse the trial by combat. 
Still don't care for what goes on beyond the wall. Not too fond of the fetus/leech swapping (did like the name drop). Didn't really like the order of sequences. 
But all in all a really good episode.
200	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	7, the absolute butchery of Robb Starks story forced me to deduct from what was a 9 episode before.  
Very much disliked the Stannis scenes as well.  He lets Selyse keep her dead fetuses in jars?  I think not.  Plus his Davos in the dungeon is crap.
Every other scene was great imo but the Robb stark storyline is embarrassing.
201	Wyman_Manderly	2013-04-29	solid 9 .. took off one point mostly because of the Loras character assassination.  I still hate Talissa though
202	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-29	Even though this episode didn't have the epic, action packed ending as last episode, it pretty much hit every major note on every scene pitch perfect for me. 10/10
203	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-29	A good episode overall. Gave it a 7.
Dont like how they are handling the Robb story line. Making him look like an idiot.
I wished they showed a little bit of magic with Thoros bringing back Berric, rather than him just 'saying the words'. I mean, show the kiss with a little bit of fire moving from Thoros to Berric.
I think this business with whom gets to marry Loras is silly. I know they are trying to cut down on characters but making a gay guy go from marrying Sansa to then marrying Cersei is a little nauseating. Its 'Bold and the Beautiful' type storytelling. Ignoring this, the scene was pretty good.
I wished they would expand more on Qyburn's history considering he is going to stick around for a bit.
The dialogue was pretty good this episode. Jamie and Brienne was great. Wow she is hot! Jamie checking her out too. lol. Gendry and Arya etc. etc. was also good.
Wow those bottles with foetuses in them was some creepy shit. Making Shireen's story combined with Patchface? Im guessing she was the one who sang the closing credits, but this just wont work. If they are in fact combining her and patchface then it wont work. PF was nearly dead when drowned and thats why he talks of the sea...
204	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	I was a bit disappointed by naked Ygritte too....too skinny
205	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	I was a bit disappointed by naked Ygritte too....too skinnyGet out of the way then.  I think we need more naked Ygritte (although she is very well groomed for a wildling, but I don't mind).
206	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-29	I originally gave it a 7 then gave it an 8
Love:
- love, love, love the bath scene. brilliant acting, I couldn't ask for better.
- thought the fight between Sandor and Beric was good (I can be a bit pickey with fight scenes because I do martial arts) but I enjoyed this one.
- Maise was brilliant in all her scenes
- I liked how we were introduced to Grey Worm, thought that was well done. So was the talk between Jorah and Barristan
- I liked how we were introduced to Selyse and Shireen. The scene with Davos and Shireen was touching.
- I liked Olena, she is awesome
- Karstark stuff was good too
Didn't like:
- Loras' sex scene - didn't need it. Littlefinger's spy could of found out the info without the need to sleep with Loras. I thought it was out of character for Loras.
- Littlefinger - his voice has started to really annoy me...
- Tormund was boring
- Jon was agressive towards Orell, which I found a bit weird and out of character
Sorry - I have a bit of a rant:
I think the reason why I was considering/originally gave it a 7 was because I was disapointed with the Beyond the wall story.
In the books, Jon is my favourite character, but in the show I'm increasingly becoming less and less interested. There is nothing in the series that draws me into his story, other than Kit Harrington being good looking.
I now know why they spent so much time building up Jon and Ygritte at the end of last season, because they weren't gping to have enough time this season. But I don't think that was enough, because the Lord's Kiss scene in the cave felt out-of -the-blue. I would be interested in what non readers thought of that scene and if they thought that the characters loved each other.
Don't get me wrong - I thought the acting was great - I just thought it needed more of a build up to it, so the scene could have it's full impact.
I realise that the writer's are short on time, and it's hard, I'm just disapointed. And I miss book! Tormund and Mance /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Anyway- that's my rant over.
Loved the rest of the episode.
207	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-29	I was a bit disappointed by naked Ygritte too....too skinnyYgritte is meant to be skinny (though I know what you mean - no meat on her at all)
208	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	edit: wrong thread
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 29 April 2013 - 08:35 PM.
209	Reposado	2013-04-29	Easily tnebest of theseason. Id say an 8.8-8.9.
Not perfect but ittold stories. Much less a collection of scenes than most have been.
210	Leto Atreides	2013-04-29	Another great episode. I loved nearly every single scenes. Lots of nudity, but nothing gratuitious, which is how it should be. I'm a bit annoyed that they rushed season 2 and are now introducing characters lately into the story. Also, the actress who played Stannis's wife is far too pretty.
211	House Balstroko	2013-04-29	Great episode all around. The duel between Beric and Sandor was epic. Lots of awesome book moments.Probably a 10 for me. Loved the scene between Tywin, Tyrion and Cersei.
212	LuisDantas	2013-04-29	I really disliked the blunt attempt at absolving Stannis of any guilt.  It made him seem too much of a fool and too much of a tool to be believable.  Stannis has never been quite that naive.
213	Gendels Children	2013-04-29	10 SOO GOOD. best episode this season so far, was great, i loved how well they stuck to the books for the more important scenes,
Shireen was great, though i was hoping her hair would be a litle darker, kinda ruins the whole "the seed is strong thing" but she truely was great, poor sad girl, i hope we will be getting patchface though.
Stannis was great with his daughter, so awkward when she hugs him and he just stands there. the coldness between Selyse and Stan was great, the fetuses where soo creepy, and one was called Edric.. wink.
Jon and Ygritte was good, would have liked it no not have been so rushed. but all of Jons story this season was super rushed, would have been great to show them falling for each other better. i hope those two get more time together soon... also LORDS KISS  hehe
Tywin smashing down his children! that scene was priceless really great i laughed so hard! pure gold! just gold!
Beric and the Hound.. ggggreat! was awesome. loved they kept in the part where Arya tries to stab him.
Arya and Gendry so sad.. "i can be your family" that cut deeper than a sword. she was great.
im sure there are more thing i can remember right now. but it was great, i really liked all the stuff straight from the book, i hope they keep up the good work XD that being said o dont mind a little change, suprises are always interesting
214	Gendels Children	2013-04-29	10 SOO GOOD. best episode this season so far, was great, i loved how well they stuck to the books for the more important scenes,Shireen was great, though i was hoping her hair would be a litle darker, kinda ruins the whole "the seed is strong thing" but she truely was great, poor sad girl, i hope we will be getting patchface though.Stannis was great with his daughter, so awkward when she hugs him and he just stands there. the coldness between Selyse and Stan was great, the fetuses where soo creepy, and one was called Edric.. wink.Jon and Ygritte was good, would have liked it no not have been so rushed. but all of Jons story this season was super rushed, would have been great to show them falling for each other better. i hope those two get more time together soon... also LORDS KISS  heheTywin smashing down his children! that scene was priceless really great i laughed so hard! pure gold! just gold!Beric and the Hound.. ggggreat! was awesome. loved they kept in the part where Arya tries to stab him.Arya and Gendry so sad.. "i can be your family" that cut deeper than a sword. she was great.im sure there are more thing i can remember right now. but it was great, i really liked all the stuff straight from the book, i hope they keep up the good work XD that being said o dont mind a little change, suprises are always interestingahh how could i forget, patchfaces song.. sooo goood great and creepy just the way they should be i was over the moon with that. im happy they have been putting more of the music in this season!! super happy!!
215	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	Lord Godric - Very well groomed? You couldn't see anything. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> How can we tell apart from looking at her eyebrows that she is indeed 'kissed by fire'?
Nice body, mind. Not too skinny at all. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 30 April 2013 - 01:03 AM.
216	gordonah	2013-04-30	I gave it a 10.
I was just loved watching it, with strong scene after strong scene.
It does often have me wishing I hadn't read the book though, as what was suprising when I read the books is now known to me; Tyrion to marry Sansa! Beric resurrected!, etc
217	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-04-30	Yet another top notch episode, they really do excel themselves!  Thought the pacing was better than it had been previously.  It sped up at the end around Kings Landing but thought that was still fine, it seemed to work.
Started with an awesome sword fight, though I enjoyed Jamie and Brienne's fight a few weeks ago it was no where near as good as the books so I didn't have great expectations here but the actors outdid themselves.  My NBR friends were a bit surprised to see Beric's resurrection - I think they were wondering how many more non-deaths we'll end up seeing now the writers have this out.
Thought the bath scene was awesome, up there with the best scenes of the show in all three series so far.  Think NCW is doing an incredible job of portraying Jamie.  It was one of the story arch's I was least interested in when reading but it's up there with Theon with the ones I want to see on screen.  Just like in the books I think you slowly come around to feeling sorry for him - at least I think my friends are all feeling sorry for him now, whilst they wanted to kill him the last few series.
Really liked Shireen, yet also annoyed that she is blonde!  Thought the babies in the jars were a nice creepy touch.  Disappointed with the lack of patchface but was expecting him to be cut.
Think the show is making us less supportive of the Starks overall cause than the books made me, can understand the changes (loved that they included the "This one was only the watcher, hang him last so he may watch the others") but think they have made Robb look a little foolish this season but good to see his father come out in him.  (Weren't the Frey's already fighting beside Robb in the series?)
Was really looking forward to the Jon/Ygritte scenes but thought they didn't quite fit, don't think we've seen enough of them this series for it to work how they showed it.  That said Rose Leslie is stunning.
On top of all of that we had the Queen of Thorns on screen with Tyrion and a scene with Tywin, Tyrion and Cersei, feel almost spoilt that they got all of this into one episode!  Thought the forcing Cersei to marry Loras was a good touch and really glad Tyrion mentioned that he was married once again (all of my NBR friends had forgotten that).
Overall a 9, just missing that climactic scene.
218	Keeper-of-the-Old-Ways	2013-04-30	The Hound's fight was good. I felt it could have used a bit more build up, but it had a lot of energy and was well choreographed. I found some of the editing hard to follow at times though, too much cutting. Jon/Ygritte fell flat. Harrington is a fairly weak actor and Rose Leslie sounded quite rehearsed at times as well. This relationship really hasn't been built up well enough for this romantic moment to be pulled off. It felt very awkward, and quite forced, throughout. They've had no substantial bonding time and now they're completely infatuated with each other? On its own, the scene was well written but there were a lot of factors going against it. Jaime and Brienne in the bath was a beautifully scene. Very powerful, very sad. I liked Arya and Gendry's exchange although I thought the music was a bit much. Shireen's scenes were sweet: I love that she's teaching Davos to read. I found the bottled stillborns too be too much of a B-horror idea. I also like how it transitioned from discussing Aegon the Conqueror to Dany's army. Grey Worm's introduction was good, it was actually quite emotive. I didn't care for reusing Theon's theme playing during Karstark's execution. I don't feel it gelled particularly well with the scene and there were subtler ways to create a parallel between the two. Littlefinger is atrocious. He's beyond being pantomimic at this point. He's just infuriating every time he walks on screen. It's a shame, that scene with Sansa was well written and Sophie Turner was quite good in it. On the whole I'd say it was a better episode than <U+0080><U+009C>And Now His Watch is Ended<U+0080><U+009D>. It didn't have the same, huge ending but it was more consistent throughout and much better written. 8/10
219	Songlian	2013-04-30	10/10 , though it was more of a 9/10. Gave it a 10 because I really liked Jaime's bath scene and Robb's execution scene. I finally like what they are doing to Robb's story, finally get the feeling that he is trying to be his father, but not quite pulling it off yet, which is how I got it from the books. Grey Worm was pretty good, too. And Jesus, is Olenna-the character fantastic! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
ETA: Disliked the baby embryos whatever scene. What the actual.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 30 April 2013 - 05:16 AM.
220	kephv	2013-04-30	9Easily the best episode of the season, and it may be one of the best in the entire series.What I loved:Everything about Nikolaj Coster-Waldau's performance as Jaime. Seven hells was his monologue amazing! And Brienne calling him KS... why did they leave the wench bit out? Not there -- overall I mean. But that's just nitpicking.Everything about Maisie Williams performance as Arya. Seven hells this girl is phenomenal!What I liked:The fight was mostly good. Much better than last week's action scenes.Stannis and Davos. Though that fetus bit was creepy.Jon and Ygritte was alright; however, no mention of the Lord's Kiss! Yes, it must be named. But they haven't even bothered with Dany's dragons so why would they here? Overall, though, I don't think Jon's story has been translated all that well. Then again, it might be a bit hard to translate since Jon's very introverted at that point.What I didn't like:Loras didn't care for Renly... What the hell.Robb's perfect execution of Karstark. He should've messed it as he did in the books. Would've nicely paralled Theon's messed up beheading.Robb in general.And now I need to rewatch the episode.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 30 April 2013 - 07:02 AM.
221	King of Hats	2013-04-30	Best episode of the season so far, but just too many awful bits to give it anything higher than an 8
222	Conchobar	2013-04-30	Definitel best episode of the season. I gave it a 9.
223	Hound Dog	2013-04-30	But I don't think that was enough, because the Lord's Kiss scene in the cave felt out-of -the-blue. I would be interested in what non readers thought of that scene and if they thought that the characters loved each other.My boyfriend never read the books and he rolled his eyes at that scene. After the episodes, I always tell him how the show did or didn't deviate from the books, and this time I said there was one thing that really bothered me, but before I could say what he said, "The Jon scene in the cave?" I'd meant to say the stuff with Loras. So yeah, out-of-the-blue for sure, at least on my end of things. I'm not so pleased with how they're handling Jon in the show (I know I'm not the only one who feels this way). On another note, my boyfriend thinks of Jon Snow as being rather useless and insignificant, and I always gasp and say that in the books he's a great character, and quite important! So it goes.
224	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	My boyfriend never read the books and he rolled his eyes at that scene. After the episodes, I always tell him how the show did or didn't deviate from the books, and this time I said there was one thing that really bothered me, but before I could say what he said, "The Jon scene in the cave?" I'd meant to say the stuff with Loras.So yeah, out-of-the-blue for sure, at least on my end of things. I'm not so pleased with how they're handling Jon in the show (I know I'm not the only one who feels this way). On another note, my boyfriend thinks of Jon Snow as being rather useless and insignificant, and I always gasp and say that in the books he's a great character, and quite important! So it goes.I'm waitng for my non-book-reader friend to watch the episode so I hear what she thinks - but I think it will be the same as your boyfriend.I was just thinking about that scene just before and, for me personally, it feels like Jon and Ygritte met days ago - a week max - and so that's why the scene feels so out-of-the-blue and rushed. Also, I don't find it believable that they are in love. It feels like a fling (maybe that's what the show writer's are going for? It'd be weird if they were).
225	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-04-30	Finally got to watch the episode and gave it another 10. 
Every scene was great IMO. 
Selyse is fanatical and creepy. Shireen is sad and sweet. Stannis has been humanized finally.
The Lannister scene was excellent as usual. 
Roose Bolton is becoming awesome; really digging McElhatton's portrayal.
The bath scene was perfect. NCJ and Christie continue to own as a duo.
Robb's scenes were good too. I don't have any issues with Talisa like so many others do. 
Jon and Ygritte was also excellent.
Emille Clark continues to own Dany this season. 
Beric, Thoros, Arya and the Hound are simply magnificent.
Perfect episode. Well done!
226	Hound Dog	2013-04-30	I was just thinking about that scene just before and, for me personally, it feels like Jon and Ygritte met days ago - a week max - and so that's why the scene feels so out-of-the-blue and rushed. Also, I don't find it believable that they are in love. It feels like a fling (maybe that's what the show writer's are going for? It'd be weird if they were).I get this entirely. Too bad, because when Ygritte gets to Castle Black what happens is going to feel pretty forced, much like most of Jon's scenes. She's pretty sassy, but Jon is just so bluuuugh. Not very likable in the show.
227	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	I get this entirely. Too bad, because when Ygritte gets to Castle Black what happens is going to feel pretty forced, much like most of Jon's scenes. She's pretty sassy, but Jon is just so bluuuugh. Not very likable in the show.Yes... I know exactly what you mean. It's a pity, Jon is my favourite character
228	mafalda	2013-04-30	Wtf @ Ser Davos not being able to read but Ros can.
But GREAT episode overall. Gave it a nice 8!
229	tryagainlater	2013-04-30	Fantastic episode. Loved most of the scenes although I'm not really feeling Jon's storyline this season. Beric vs Hound, Jaime's "scream loudly" line, bath scene, Tywin taking charge of his kids, and a Frey name drop FINALLY. Rated it a 9. Next week looks intense.
230	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-04-30	Oh there was one big disappointment forme though: 
No Patchface=suckage
I can live without Moonboy and Butterbumps, but the lack of Patches bothers me a lot .
231	Hoo	2013-04-30	I gave it a 10, great writing, great acting, pertinent storylines, loved it all except:
- Stannis storyline, I don't get it, why do we have to see this storyline?
- Daenerys walking around Esos with 10000 people, all pretty, wandering, but where are the provisions? Lannister's are losing their butt on supplying war time army.  Daenery's, no problem. SMH.
- Tywin not having a clue that Loras is not the marrying kind.  (I guess this hints that Tywin does not know all.)
232	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-30	Wtf @ Ser Davos not being able to read but Ros can.But GREAT episode overall. Gave it a nice 8!If I knew that one of two commoners could read, where one was a smuggler and the other a luxury prostitute catering to the highest lords in the area, I'd probably put my money on the latter.
233	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	Seems we're mostly in agreement here. I voted 9, of course, like most folks. Not quite perfect, but the best 3rd season episode so far. Who in God's name were the four people who gave it 4 or below, though? /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> Two people gave it 1.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 30 April 2013 - 12:38 PM.
234	lostinwesteros	2013-04-30	Lost the post!  And no more time.   /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
235	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-30	Finally got to watch the episode and gave it another 10.Every scene was great IMO.Selyse is fanatical and creepy. Shireen is sad and sweet. Stannis has been humanized finally.The Lannister scene was excellent as usual.Roose Bolton is becoming awesome; really digging McElhatton's portrayal.The bath scene was perfect. NCJ and Christie continue to own as a duo.Robb's scenes were good too. I don't have any issues with Talisa like so many others do.Jon and Ygritte was also excellent.Emille Clark continues to own Dany this season.Beric, Thoros, Arya and the Hound are simply magnificent.Perfect episode. Well done!I agree with everything.  The one thing about Talisa is that I just don't understand why they didn't just make her Jeyne Westerling?  What would have been the big deal?  I guess we will find out?  I know people think Talisa is a spy or one of the sand snakes but if not, why not keep Jeyne Westerling as a character?
236	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-30	I gave it a 9.I enjoyed it, liked the BWB scenes, Jon and Ygritte getting frisky, Tywin laying down the law to Cersei/Tyrion. Things are starting to fall apart in camp Stark but the Jaime/Brienne bath scene blew me away. Jaime confessing something he's carried on his shoulders for 17 years...........breathtaking!
237	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I agree with everything.  The one thing about Talisa is that I just don't understand why they didn't just make her Jeyne Westerling?  What would have been the big deal?  I guess we will find out?  I know people think Talisa is a spy or one of the sand snakes but if not, why not keep Jeyne Westerling as a character?They wanted to avoid casting the rest of the Westerlings. Also, Jeyne is dull as dishwater. Which is not to say the replacement is much better.
238	Cadiva	2013-04-30	Amazing ep. You could really feel the kiss/fire theme. Like others I wish Jaime was a little more clear with his delivery of the important lines though.Totally agree, brilliant episode again, loved the use of fire as the theme through all the cut scenes, the fight with The Hound and Beric was brilliantly done too, especially Sandor's fear of the fire.Loved the scene with Gendry and Arya and also the one with Arya, Thoros and Beric, giving a bit more background and depth to the extent that the Brotherhood has been working behind the scenes.Jaime and Brienne's scenes were brilliantly played too, loved his line where he says his name is Jaime, simple but really effective and the Dragonstone story line was done well too, good to see they've stuck with Shireen's greyscale and great to see Davos back on screen.Absolutely cracking ending with Tywin, Cersei and Tyrion and a fairly complex book plot (the Tyrell's plotting and the Wilas (now Loras) wedding suggestion for Cersei) got much simplified for the TV version which I think worked really well.Was interesting to see they've gone to Yunkai (on the title map anyways) and not missed it out and headed straight to Mereen also loved the scenes with Grey Worm.The scenes beyond the Wall were the weakest for me but then I'm not a Jon Snow fan but they were well done in terms of advancing the plot along for the assault by the Wildlings and I liked the way they reintroduced Walder Frey in the scenes with Robb at Riverrun.I gave it an 8 (but it was more of an 8.5 for me).
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 30 April 2013 - 04:26 PM.
239	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-30	Been rewatching the 1st season and maybe it's Sean Bean's greatness but I'd consider all 10 episodes to be 10/10. King Robert is awesome as well.
So considering how much better I like season 1 I'm going to have to cap each ep of season 3 at 8/10 unless it really knocks my socks off.
240	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	Been rewatching the 1st season and maybe it's Sean Bean's greatness but I'd consider all 10 episodes to be 10/10. King Robert is awesome as well.So considering how much better I like season 1 I'm going to have to cap each ep of season 3 at 8/10 unless it really knocks my socks off.I agree, but that's also because the source material is better, in my opinion. It happened with a lot of other stories, such as, LOTR, where clearly the fellowship was the best for me. A Storm of Swords is a better book in terms of wow events, but it lacks the cohesion of Game of Thrones.
241	Swan Targ	2013-04-30	I give it a 8
The sword fighting was splendid.
really liked Robb's scenes and Karstark execution too.
Jaime's confession was great.
Charles Dance owning the scene as usual.
Jon and Ygritte was alright. But I'm not really feeling their relationship like in the book.
I only have a problem with Barristan and Jorah scene, being all BFFs and Barristan not knowing that Jorah was an informer to Varys.
242	Swan Targ	2013-04-30	Been rewatching the 1st season and maybe it's Sean Bean's greatness but I'd consider all 10 episodes to be 10/10. King Robert is awesome as well.So considering how much better I like season 1 I'm going to have to cap each ep of season 3 at 8/10 unless it really knocks my socks off.First season had a lot of great actors.Ned, Robert and Viserys. All great.
243	mafalda	2013-04-30	If I knew that one of two commoners could read, where one was a smuggler and the other a luxury prostitute catering to the highest lords in the area, I'd probably put my money on the latter.Well, seeing as how smuggling is Davos's former profession and that he is a high lord's right hand man instead of some fly by the night romp in the sack I'd put my money on him!But then again, Ros did apparently sleep with Pycelle in season one, so maybe he taught her in between their sessions. Oh, Ros, the whore who can do everything!I know that Davos not being able to read is how it's supposed to be, cause that's the way it was in the books. but when Ros revealed that she can read I was 100% over her character. Done.
244	Freebird6699	2013-04-30	I love the way we are sticking more to the book in all the really important scenes.  NCW looked really sick and suffering too.  I have already watched it twice and will watch it again later this week. The only thing I didn't like was the Loras scene with the squire.  In the books he was a member of the Kings guard and after Renly you never get the impression that Loras wanted anyone else.  I suppose somewhere, somebody is loving these scenes but not hard core fans I am sure. I really laughed when Tywin nailed Cersei with the" You will do your duty too".
245	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Well, seeing as how smuggling is Davos's former profession and that he is a high lord's right hand man instead of some fly by the night romp in the sack I'd put my money on him!But then again, Ros did apparently sleep with Pycelle in season one, so maybe he taught her in between their sessions. Oh, Ros, the whore who can do everything!I know that Davos not being able to read is how it's supposed to be, cause that's the way it was in the books. but when Ros revealed that she can read I was 100% over her character. Done.Let's not pretend like it takes that long to read how to read. All you need is a reason (which most Westerosi peasants don't have) and it's pretty simple. Remember that she's not every whore in Westeros, she's just one whore who learned to read.
246	Lady of Long Lake	2013-04-30	10. I think the only other two I've rated this high was Blackwater and last week's episode.
Both bath scenes were freaking amazing! Finally I saw a sex scene that was worthy of replaying over and over:) Ygritte's face when she said," we should"  was sexy as all hell. I wish they had prefaced this scene with more back story from the books. They've really short changed Jon's character and story lines:(
Jaime's bath scene acting was magnificent. It was sweet seeing the curve of Brienne's hip! She looked so feminine and I loved the angle they chose. It was elegantly filmed and it surprised me. I wish they had added the line ," Let him be the KIng over ashes and bones".
Arya's ," I can be your family" made me tear up instantly, as did the line about a man without a head.
Hound fight scene was excellent. YAY I saw a flaming sword! Beric is a gem of an actor. His speaking voice is captivating to listen to. Everything he says sounds important because of his speech patterns and resonance.
Shireen and Selyse were excellent! What a sweet cutie pie Shireen is and she's a great actress. Great interaction with Davos:)
Tywin's smack down of his kids was perfect.
Lord Bolton shined in his scene. He's so scary it's freaky.
247	Garlan Marius	2013-04-30	I'll give it a solid 8.  Jaime's story in the bath was far and away the best scene.  I think the Dondarrion resurrection could have been handled better, and Tormund's seriousness is irking me BIG TIME north of the Wall.  The Tywin-and-children scene was good, as was Barristan v. Jorah.  Nothing else stood out as remarkable, though.
248	if it please m'lord	2013-04-30	this was my favourite episode this season. 
sure, there wasn't a singular moment as spectacular as last week's Dany unleashing the fire moment, but overall i found this episode to be more intense and solid from start to finish. 
the bathtub scene with Jaime and Brienne was FLAWLESS. it was precisely how i imagined it, only even better, honestly. because both actors look really fantastic naked. i love that they showed Brienne in the nude, with a very sensual gorgeous womanly body. and i adored the final shot where she was cradling Jaime. just fantastic!
Tywin's absolute power and command is magnificent to watch. he just dresses down Tyrion and Cersei with such conviction and resoluteness. they really have nothing to say. the actor playing Tywin is SUPERB.
i also completely loved Loras' scene with the squire. i thought it was an ingenious way to get Littlefinger the information he needs to move forward with his plan. and also the scene was just HOT. that squire was sexy as all get out and i like that the show isn't afraid to go there with the gay scene the way they do endlessly with the straight ones.
249	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	I only have a problem with Barristan and Jorah scene, being all BFFs and Barristan not knowing that Jorah was an informer to Varys.They werent BFFs at all! Jorah was probing Barristan to see whether he knew about the spying, then Barristan told him that maybe he should step aside as advisor. Then Jorah told him to backoff. It wasnt very friendly in the least
250	Leto Atreides	2013-05-01	Been rewatching the 1st season and maybe it's Sean Bean's greatness but I'd consider all 10 episodes to be 10/10. King Robert is awesome as well.So considering how much better I like season 1 I'm going to have to cap each ep of season 3 at 8/10 unless it really knocks my socks off.That's because season 1 was the most faithful to the source material. Ros and the infamous Petyr & 2 whores scenes were the only big departures from the book.
251	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-05-01	We got a lot of the little things we wanted, especially Jaime's story about the mad king. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
252	mafalda	2013-05-01	Let's not pretend like it takes that long to read how to read. All you need is a reason (which most Westerosi peasants don't have) and it's pretty simple. Remember that she's not every whore in Westeros, she's just one whore who learned to read.I never said it takes a long time to learn to read? It's pretty easy learning to the average person. All I'm saying is that she gets more credit than she deserves. I didn't mind her character in the first season (minus that minutes long LF dialogue where she was fisting the whore who looks like a foreigner but is actually from flea bottom), I could see how she was useful then because she provided us with insight to points of views we did not get in the book. But now they're just throwing her in for the hell of it, and have her being a step ahead LF is something that I call bullshit on.
253	Greywolf2375	2013-05-01	I give it an 8.  A strong 8, but an 8.
Bigger Negatives:
LF channeling Batman is getting very grating.  Not sure why we need the throaty growl from someone whose speciality is supposed to be subtleness.
Selyse and the Area 51 Babies.
Loras and the pool boy: this was the man who was utterly distraught over his love dying, and now a relatively short time later Renly isn't even a thought. 
Minor negatives:
I wish in Jaime's monologue they had included the "keep the kings secrets" instead of "Ned Starks honor" - just a personal preference but I think it shows more the conflict the KG should have in serving the kings.
Arya not being an instigator in the Hound/Beric duel based on her statement of Mycah being killed.  Again, a personal preference, but I liked how that had been key for Beric in his actions.
John & Ygritte does feel some rushed, but really kinda minor.
Olenna & Tyrion - I wish in some way the banter had been better, but it just goes to show that when it all comes down to it, she is about getting business done.
Going to miss not having Garlan the gallant at the PW.
It was a fantastic episode - aside from LF growling, the acting was superb.  best fight scene so far.  Jorah and Selmy sparring in their own way - I LOVED that they brought back in that these two are allies in a common cause, but not with each other.
Davos and Shireen was amazing (though as I said elsewhere, how the daughter of the king gets into the dungeons to see the traitor is a little iffy).  Shireen and Stannis was classic.  Selyse was as crazy as promised.
And then Tywin figuratively bending his children over his knee and swatting them.
254	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I'm realizing I shouldn't vote to rate until I watch it the second time. I think I'm too excited for each episode to fully process it on the initial viewing. It's watching it the second time that I'm able to fully appreciate each scene on a deeper level. So I had to go back and change my vote to a 9 after re-watching it last night. This episode was powerful on so many levels. 
I especially watched Maisie Williams, Stephan Dillane and the actor who is playing Roose more closely. Maisie is just absolutely spectacular. I think we are going to run out of words that accurately describe her performances before this series is over. I am now seeing what everyone on here has been saying about Dillane and now agree he is the perfect Stannis. Fuck! I think I'm turning into a damn Stannis fan!  Roose was perfect, the tone of his voice. I can't wait to see his dinner with Brienne and Jaime next week.
Also, I think we can argue but most would agree that Peter Dinklage owned the first two seasons of GoT, but not anymore. For me, this season is all about NCW with Charles Dance running a close second. I am so completely blown away by him. Please, please, please he has to be nominated and win for something. Preferably, an Emmy. 
I really love that they are engaging the book readers and non-book readers and really hitting some of those special moments in the book so well. We can argue about changes all day long and I know that will continue throughout the series, but when they do stick to closely following the book - they do it incredibly well.  
I /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> this show!!!
255	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Arya not being an instigator in the Hound/Beric duel based on her statement of Mycah being killed.  Again, a personal preference, but I liked how that had been key for Beric in his actions.She was, it was brought up last episode. In fact, her accusation was the main reason for the trial in the show.
256	MysteryNinja	2013-05-01	9/10
Loved the Sandor/Beric fight - but this episode's high point was definitely the Jaime and Brienne bath scene for me. So intense, and I salute the showmakers for including it, and dedicating considerable time to it - and of course the actors for conveying it brilliantly /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
257	King Tyrion I	2013-05-01	9/10.
My favorite scenes were:
- Beric fighting the Hound
- Arya and Gendry parting
- Jaime and Brienne
- Shireen and Davos
- Selyse (I kinda liked the jars, because they added to the overall horror)
- Tyrion's and Olenna's little talk
- the Lannister Christmas table
258	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	I rate it - this gif/10
259	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Damn that was a good punch! It got me thinking, is the Blackfish going to replace the GreatJon at the RW?
260	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-01	Beheading scene was great, awesome music + the Rickard actor really nailed it. Selyse and Shireen also awesome. I felt like Jaime bath scene was mediocre tbh. Also Robb/Talysa scene was pretty stupid. I mean it felt like Robb was looking at the map for a brilliant idea and came with "LOLZ I CAN GO TO THE TWINS!! THAT'S IT". That felt pretty stupid. Gave it a 7, solid work, for season 3 at least.
261	The Night's Prince	2013-05-01	The Beric/Hound battle pushed it to a 10 for me. It was splendidly done.
262	Maxthestig	2013-05-01	Here is my review of the episode !http://www.youtube.c...h?v=tFF6F5BlV94Roose Bolton will now steal every scene he is in. I think his casting is great.Jamie in the BAth was great.The Arya scene was moving.Great, the season is getting better and better !
263	Zar Lannister	2013-05-01	"And Now His Watch is Ended" had a really terrific finale, and the Old Bear's death, but if you look at what came before closely, it wasn't that far above an average episode. It was elevated by the finish. This episode is good through and through (except for the character assassination of Loras Tyrell, grr), and in my opinion it's the best episode of the season to date, so I've given it a 9.I think this is spot on. Jaime's scenes were excellent.I thought the Tywin debacle made Tyrion seemnot as sharp, but otherwise I was pleased with the outcome minus the differences in Loras pointed out.
264	Jason Shankel	2013-05-02	Uneven 8.  Jaime's monologue was a 9.  The distracting bouncing around of the sun in Mormont/Selmy's scene was a 6.  www.nattercast.com
265	Dragon Doll	2013-05-02	10/10A truly brilliant episode. Maise continues to be mindblowingly awesome as Arya, some really emotional scenes. Can't wait for her to get to some angrier and more violent material. The Beric/Sandor duel was by far the best action scene we've had in the series, my god.What else happened, so much good stuff... Brilliant acting from both Jaime and Brienne at the bath tub scene. Robb had some great scenes for the first time since season 1. Loved that we got to see a more humane side of Stannis at long last. And Tywin owning his kids is always a pleasure to watch.Also, we got our first glimpse of Roose Bolton's cold gaze! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Ned only concluded that the Baratheon genes are stronger than the Lannister genes; maybe the Florent genes are stronger still.I don't think its a big deal. My hair was jet-black as a baby, it faded to a dark honey blonde when i was little and now its a reddish brown. All totally natural.Besides, she's too right as Shireen in portrayal for it to matter that much.Everything else is on the money!
					
					
							Edited by Dragon Doll, 03 May 2013 - 02:20 AM.
266	nirolo	2013-05-03	10/10Nikolaj killed it!
267	GeneralChen	2013-05-03	Love every episode no matter what happens. 
I got so excited with Tywin, Cersei, and Tyrion.  I pointed at the screen and was like, "here it is, here it is!"  Such a great group of actors.
A little disappointed they did away with Willas.  We all know Loras is gay, it just doesn't work for me.  And I could've done without the full frontal gay sex.  Not against it, just seen more dong than anything else this season so far.
268	awearyman the wanderer	2013-05-04	Beric and the Hound was as good as it gets. Amazing lighting.
269	Count Balerion	2013-05-04	Shireen teaching Davos to read: so touching. Bother about the hair, though.
Lannister family councils are always entertaining, because they can't stand each other and are devastatngly witty about it. Although I've missed the bit where 
	Spoiler Joffrey disses Tywin and the latter sends him off to bed with some dreamwine.
.
Bath and Arya/Gendry.
Robb seems to be growing up a bit.
Grey Worm and Daenerys Jelmaazmo; Ser Barrestan vs. Jorah.
270	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-05	This is definitely my favorite episode of the season so far
271	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-05-06	everything was good in this episode except it lacked a great moment like the previous episode... still good though so 8/10
272	ma_liky	2013-05-10	8/10
I have to be careful about this. I loved every moment of this episode, but I am a little harsh in giving 9 and 10, cause this is ep 305 and they are getting better and better so I will wait a little longer for a 10. But it was amazing, I was between 8 and 9. Still am somewhere in the middle.
273	Frey Pies	2013-05-17	Best episode the show has ever done for me. 
I didn't think there was a single storyline here that I didn't enjoy immensely.
Karstark's execution, Beric vs the Hound and the end scenes were all just.... wow
274	yomi	2013-08-20	Honestly the swordfighting in this season (at least up to here, I am still watching, so I don't know about the next episodes) disappoints me a bit. IIRC it was better in the previous seasons, more realistic, less posing and show. Still, I liked Beric vs. Sandor better than Brienne vs. Jaime. It was ok... and the fire was cool, that I can agree to. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
Robb beheading Karstark went a bit to smooth for my taste. I don't want a shiny, perfect, just, skilled Robb.
I'm a bit put off by the dead babies in glases Selyse keeps...
The Jaime and Brienne in the bath scene is lovely /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
Otherwise... average GoT episode (which is to say, it's good /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
275	honeyed chicken	2013-08-25	Best episode the show has ever done for me.I didn't think there was a single storyline here that I didn't enjoy immensely.Karstark's execution, Beric vs the Hound and the end scenes were all just.... wowAgreed.I've been pretty critical, I confess (and will continue to be). However, in this episode I liked the changes they made for the most part and in some cases I think they've even improved over the books.I didn't like Talisa at first, but they've carefully built up her relationship with Robb, which will pay dividends.
276	star shine7	2013-08-27	10/10 for me - amazing episode!! Finally some Jon and Ygritte scenes! The bath scene between Jaime and Brienne - finally finding out more about Jaime! The duel between Beric and Sandor, the Robb scenes...and of course the Tywin, Tyrian and Cersei scenes!!! Just so many brilliantly acted scenes = fabulous episode!
277	Damazama21	2014-04-04	Jon/Ygritte was nicely done. Tywin was awesome, as usual. Charles Dance is brilliant. 9/10. Jaime/Brienne plot is very interesting.

					
					
							Edited by Damazama21, 04 April 2014 - 07:04 PM.
278	The Lord of Corpses	2014-04-05	His Grace The Lord of Corpses vs. King Joffrey's Mad Dog. Best fight ever. Well until the get around to Gravedigger and Ser Robert.
279	Ran	2013-04-28	You know the drill!
280	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	Great episode!
...haven't actually seen it yet, but, still.
281	Warhawk137	2013-04-28	Finally!
OK, back to what I was saying in the other thread.
1. Uh-oh Robb.
2. For those of you waiting for some Stannis development... there you go.
3. Bath scene = NAILED.
Nicely quiet, contemplative, often even haunting episode.  If someone wanted to make a case for an acting emmy, this would be the episode for Madden, Dillane, and NCW.
Essentially, a really great episode on the opposite end of the spectrum from, for instance, "Blackwater", or even last week's "And Now His Watch Is Ended."  The average scene length in this episode was WAY longer than we usually get.  Wonderful pacing.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 28 April 2013 - 09:02 PM.
282	Tempra	2013-04-28	The Hound is badass.  
Lots of naked men for our lusty ladies(and men) that have been complaining about too much female t&a.
9/10
283	Mya Stone	2013-04-28	This was a fantastic episode. 
All the pieces are lining up, maybe not exactly as in the books, but all roads lead to the same outcome. 
The bath scene was even better on the screen than it was on paper. 
And the Hound/Beric was awesome, as well. Poor Arya. Maisie broke my heart when she asked about bringing a headless man back to life. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
284	Kasrith	2013-04-28	Love love love Shireen singing Patchface's rambling for the credits
285	Pickman's Model	2013-04-28	I love that Patchface lives on in creepy credit song form.
I think the episode was excellent. Many exciting bits from the novel appeared, and certain parts of the story which fans have been missing, such as the absence of Arya's nightly prayer, made an appearance.
					
					
							Edited by Daggers in the Dark, 28 April 2013 - 09:03 PM.
286	Mya Stone	2013-04-28	Oh, and SHIREEN. Holy creeptastic Greyscale. 
And the fetuses were super creepy, as well. 
No wonder Stannis wants to bang the hot red head.
287	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-28	Great episode! LOVED the bath scene!
288	Ran	2013-04-28	Sorry for the delay in posting these threads, BTW, folks. SLipped my mind entirely. Been a long day, and still no chance to rest as I'm trying to get this recap and book-to-screen done before the west coast airing is done....
289	alwayswinter	2013-04-28	Love love love Shireen singing Patchface's rambling for the creditsyeah that was really creepy, loved it.
290	songbirdsings	2013-04-28	Such a good episode. I'm ready to watch it again.  I teared up a few times Arya & Gendry, Jamie & Brienne, Robb.  And little Shireen gah she pulls my heartstrings. 
I didn't like the whole Loras boinking and spilling secrets to Littlefinger's prostitute. 
Also haha Jorah trying to sneakily find out if Ser Barristan Selmy knew he was feeding info about Dany to Robert's small council.
291	Trebla	2013-04-28	Okay...Selyse's jar collection...WTF?!?!?!
292	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-28	Who else teared up when Arya told Gentry that she could be his family?
293	The Flaying Man	2013-04-28	Very impressed with this episode, it just seems to be getting better and better.
294	Mya Stone	2013-04-28	Love love love Shireen singing Patchface's rambling for the creditsShe was also singing it when Stannis came to her.I also appreciate the streamlining of teaching Davos to read. Eliminates the Maester. Nicely done. Although I am a little saddened Stannis didn't order it.
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 28 April 2013 - 09:04 PM.
295	Jabronius Maximus	2013-04-28	Shireen did not look nearly as depressed/sickly as I expected she would. The greyscale looked nasty, but Shireen seemed cheerful. Didn't really pay attention to book Shireen, but I feel so sorry for the TV version. Dragonstone is no place for a child like that...
And Maisie Williams is the best actress on the show. Quite easily, actually. I'm a grown ass man and her scene with Thoros and Beric was getting to me.
Good episode, though. Not quite like last week's bombastic episode, but still very solid.
					
					
							Edited by Sgt. Rex Power Colt, 28 April 2013 - 09:19 PM.
296	Malgarroth	2013-04-28	Shireen singing Patchface's songs <3 :') Beautiful during the credits. Impressed with the greyscale make-up too.
Loved Barristan and Jorah's exchange.
Robb signing his own death warrant :'(
Bath scene was perfect.
Loved Grey Worm.
"You know nothing Jon Sno-oooh" /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Also DAYUM Rose Leslie :	-  O
Tormund is disappointing me /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Absolutely adored the Stannis stuff... the fetuses though :x
Loved this episode overall, my favorite this season, even moreso than DRACARYS.
EDIT: How could I forget Beric vs Sandor. It was awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Malgarroth, 28 April 2013 - 09:05 PM.
297	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Really good. I like that the tension is building. It seems like everything is about to erupt. Jaime continues to be awesome.
I'm not sure I like Robb devising strategy with Talisa. At least they've given him some sort of plan though. 
Everything else was pretty spot on though, minus Tywin suddenly changing how he pronounces Tyrell but that's a minor gripe.
298	Mayhem	2013-04-28	Great episode, loved the duel between the Hound and Dondarrion
299	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-28	Who else teared up when Arya told Gentry that she could be his family?I did.... Maise's acting is top notch. Loved the "Go to hell!" bit.
300	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-04-28	Another great episode. Loved the bath scene. So well done. Nikolaj is such a great actor. Loved the Hound/Beric fight and Arya's scene was so heartbreaking. Watching Charles Dance chomping the scenery to bits was quite impressive as well!. The ending was creepy as hell. Loved that little nod to us book fans. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
301	Eurybia	2013-04-28	Loved the credits. Creepy, but great. Shireen in general was great, imo. Poor kid.
The bath scene did not disappoint. Oh, Jaime.
302	Frumpus	2013-04-28	Great episode, probably the best writing for the season (besides GRRM's episode). Shireen didn't look monstrous enough - you could tell she was a cute girl with face makeup on, but that's a minor nitpick. Loras sex scene was unexpected but makes sense for the plotline truncation. Ending was brilliant - great way to send a shiver down tv audience spines.
303	The Flaying Man	2013-04-28	Shireen did not look nearly as depressed/sickly as I expected she would. The greyscale looked nasty, but Shireen seemed cheerful. Didn't really pay attention to book Shireen, but I feel so sorry for the TV version. Dragonstone is no place for a child like that...And Maisie Williams is the best actress on the show. Quite easily, actually. I'm a grown ass man and her scene with Thoros and Beric was getting to me.Good episode, though. Not quite like last week's bombastic episode, but still very solid.I agree. Also, Melisandre's absence has provided a nice opportunity for some fleshing out of Stannis and his family. I loved Dillane's awkwardness around both Selyse and Shireen. Hopefully we will see more of this!
304	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-28	Incredible episode. It topped last week, and I was worried for some type of letdown. Every piece of the puzzle was immaculately placed. So many great performances. For all the worry over Stannis, we finally got some real meat on the bones. With Selyse and Shireen in the picture, and Mel out of the picture, we finally get to see glimpses of the real Stannis -- just like in the books.
And, the song! The song! Oh, oh, oh!
305	Trebla	2013-04-28	That last scene was fantasic. I just love the Lannister family dynamic.
306	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-28	Looks like John Snow knows something that most men in Westros don't know.  Or at least the Wildings don't know.
Talk about kissing fire.
307	Er Rn	2013-04-28	That bath scene was perfect.
308	towerofjoy	2013-04-28	Who else teared up when Arya told Gentry that she could be his family?Me! Maise is amazing.
309	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-28	Also, have to say that HBO managed to include more nudity than I've seen in any episode, but it actually fit with all of the arcs. I'm sure everyone was thrilled in production.
310	ebcarlton	2013-04-28	This episode was fabulous.  I actually teared up a few times - when Arya told Gendry she'd be his family, when Jaime told the story about how he came to kill Mad King Aerys, I even felt bad when the Karstarks killed the Lannisters children.  Shireen was so good, the greyscale wasn't exactly how I imagined but well done nonetheless and Selyse was creeptastic.  I loved how Shireen ran and hugged Stannis and he didn't quite know what to do.  I'm in the 'Talisa is a spy' camp, and Robb just handed her his plans.  The final scene where Tyrion is told that he's to marry Sansa and that Cersei has to remarry as well was NAILED.  This episode was amazing.  Bryan Cogman is just great.  I loved how Shireen started to teach Davos how to read!
311	songbirdsings	2013-04-28	I'm a little bummed with Selyse's normal looking appearance.  I was looking forward to seeing those Florent ears and mustache.  I appreciate a good 'stache. 
Her baby collection gave the viewers a look into just how delusional and gone she really is.  We book readers know that already.
312	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-28	Amazing scene in the bath. NCW continues to shine in every episode.
313	briantw	2013-04-28	Man they really made Selyse batshit insane on the show.  I don't really mind, but damn.
That duel was fantastic.  Really gives me hope that they can do justice to the Mountain/Viper duel next season.  Definitely the best fight choreography this show has given us so far.
314	Trebla	2013-04-28	Best reaction on Twitter:" Everyone's getting naked in GoT. The night is dark and full of boners"
315	Capt Banjo	2013-04-28	Yes! Bath scene was very striking and delivered well
The fight between the Hound and Beric in the opening, one of the best duels in the entire series.
Shireen now teaching Davos to read is more touching than the books, great positive change for TV.
Wasn't crazy about the way they set up Jon and Ygritte's love scene, although the scene was epic. I just really liked the story about the cave and how it felt like they really were far away from everyone else. This version wasn't quite as romantic.
Thoros, Arya, and Beric scene was really awesome too. I love the casual manner of Thoros speaking on resurrecting Beric.
316	houseHB	2013-04-28	Another great episode felt like 20 minutes rather than an hour. Mean that in a good way. Loved both the Jaime/Brienne and Jon /yigritte
317	Montey14	2013-04-28	yes that was agreed about Arya's  scene with Gendry....the sense of abandonment was very much felt.....After the hound was set free you can see how the faceless men would really appeal to her....but that was a wrenching scene
318	JonDunn	2013-04-28	FANTASTIC episode.
My only complaint was the Jon/Ygritte stuff, it just doesn't seem as isolated and epic as the books.  I continue to wish his story got more screentime, but still, the scene was very well done.
319	go joff go	2013-04-28	Really impressed with Shireen the actress and the makeup.   This show has an amazing track record with child actors/actresses.  She also did an AMAZING job singing the credit song.
320	alwayswinter	2013-04-28	Seems like each week now is my new favourite episode, and this one was just constantly brilliant
Hound & Beric
Jon & Ygritte
Jaime & Brienne
Jaime & Qyburn
Arya, Thoros & Beric
Robb & Karstark
Tywin, Cersei & Tyrion
all superbly acted imo /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
321	BLU-RAY	2013-04-28	Shireen singing at the end is creepy as fuckall.
Very solid ep, though. Bit of a continuation ep, as last week had the mutliple cathartic set pieces (Dracarys, Mormont) but a solid one nonetheless (we did get Sandor vs Beric in this one, so it wasn't all talk!).
They're on a really good run with this season.
Also, when I wrote this, there were two posts in this thread. Now as I go to click "post" there are 39 new replies added. Hotdamn.
322	SpareBoot	2013-04-28	Are they combining Shireen and Patchface?
323	songbirdsings	2013-04-28	In the preview for next week, that little exchange between the bastard of Dreadfort and Theon made my stomach go in knots.
324	Newstar	2013-04-28	It was just awesome. Jon went down on Ygritte. Hound/Beric fight was great. Tyrion/Olenna was non-book but a lot of fun. Jaime/Brienne was everything I hoped it would be and more (and Jaime grabbing Brienne's hand in the 3x06 preview!) I'm also liking TV Selyse, who knows about Melisandre/Stannis and is on board with it. TV Shireen is so horribly precious. Tywin was appropriately terrifying with Tyrion and Cersei.
Everything was great.
That Gendry/Arya scene with a good bit of non-book dialogue broke my heart. "I could be your family." "You wouldn't be my family. You would be my lady." It broke my heart. Bawwwwww!
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 09:18 PM.
325	jobmartell	2013-04-28	That was without a doubt the best opening scene so far in the series. Very sick. Not to mention the longest sword to sword combat action.  Solid throughout. Selyse side side fetus collection was an odd take on grief. Rob never seemed like the type to discuss tactics. End credits; awesome shit.
326	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Are they combining Shireen and Patchface?That was my take on it, yes.
327	ebcarlton	2013-04-28	ITYM "Milady"
328	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.
329	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-04-28	Finally!OK, back to what I was saying in the other thread.1. Uh-oh Robb.2. For those of you waiting for some Stannis development... there you go.3. Bath scene = NAILED.Nicely quiet, contemplative, often even haunting episode.  If someone wanted to make a case for an acting emmy, this would be the episode for Madden, Dillane, and NCW.Essentially, a really great episode on the opposite end of the spectrum from, for instance, "Blackwater", or even last week's "And Now His Watch Is Ended."  The average scene length in this episode was WAY longer than we usually get.  Wonderful pacing.Totally.  Very emotionally intense.
330	songbirdsings	2013-04-28	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.I wondered the same.  It's probably Robb's foreign wench.
331	go joff go	2013-04-28	I don't think they are combining her with Patchface.  I think they have made a decision to cut out prophecies altogether including pathcface, and considering that they would probably to easy to figure  out the prophecies its probably  a good idea.
332	dtones520	2013-04-28	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.Varys' little birds.
333	Trebla	2013-04-28	Tywin is trending big right now. People loved his "You'll wed her, bed her, and put a child in her" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
334	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-04-28	Yeah I get the feeling they just threw that song in for the book fans. I loved it. Hope its on the soundtrack!
335	Linda	2013-04-28	There's quite a bit of faithful and/or well-adapted material in this episode. Did not care at all for the show's Selyse, though.
And then there's the Loras scene. That's a shared second place for worst travesty of the show (#1 is the House of the undying, the other #2 is Catelyn's and Talisa's scene about Jon) and its a complete character assassination.
336	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	I did like them addressing certain changes from the show, like Barristan not being on the Small Council.
337	Broken Fox	2013-04-28	And then there's the Loras scene. That's a shared second place for worst travesty of the show (#1 is the House of the undying, the other #2 is Catelyn's and Talisa's scene about Jon) and its a complete character assassination. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Some of these complaints are ridiculous.Overall the episode was very good. And Ygritte... damn.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 28 April 2013 - 09:28 PM.
338	Oakenfist	2013-04-28	There's quite a bit of faithful and/or well-adapted material in this episode. Did not care at all for the show's Selyse, though.And then there's the Loras scene. That's a shared second place for worst travesty of the show (#1 is the House of the undying, the other #2 is Catelyn's and Talisa's scene about Jon) and its a complete character assassination.This is sarcasm right? We already know Loras is gay.
339	newwb	2013-04-28	only problem with the episode was robb's little strategy moment. the show has done a poor job articulating robb's political and military situation (which, granted, is kind of of complicated). in season 1 he acquires lord frey's levies - he says frey only kept the men he needed to guard the twins. now he says frey is the only lord who hasn't committed his men yet. i imagine this will be very confusing to non book readers.
other than that great episode. loved hound/beric and creepy patchface song.
340	Kasrith	2013-04-28	Also the last fetus she named was Edric - nice nod to Storm who most likely is out of the show altogether.
341	dtones520	2013-04-28	Great episode. Very gripping acting. The guy portraying Qyburn is like exactly how I pictured him in my head; voice and everything.
Also, I've found if I just try and put the books out of my head for an hour and enjoy the show for what it is, the changes don't really bother me. I still enjoy the scenes that follow the books to the T but the changes, for the most part, make things a lot less confusing for TV viewers only.
342	Ser_Patreck	2013-04-28	Dead fetuses in a jar? I mean, really? Ok, ok, D&D, everyone gets Stannis and his assorted cast are a bunch of creepy weirdos. Tone down that shit.That was the only negative point in the best episode so far, tough (Yes, even better than "dracarys"), plus we got cute Shireen being cute (Loved that it's going to be her teaching Davos how to read), so I guess it's forgivable.The acting was perfect (Even the Beyond the Wall people!), especially NCW, Charles Dance and Maisie Williams. But what I liked best about this episode was the way the juxtaposition of the scenes underlined the importance of concepts like loyalty, honor and duty to all Westerosi. Rickard Karstark, Jaime Lannister, Barristan Selmy... Even Gendry, in a way.ETA: Plus, Yunkai in the credits. That was Astapor before, right? Nice to see it moving along with the story.
					
					
							Edited by Ser_Patreck, 28 April 2013 - 09:31 PM.
343	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-28	This is sarcasm right? We already know Loras is gay.Loras was in love with Renly and said that he could never love another in the books, here he jumps into bed with random guys he just met.
344	Bastard Walder	2013-04-28	There's quite a bit of faithful and/or well-adapted material in this episode. Did not care at all for the show's Selyse, though.And then there's the Loras scene. That's a shared second place for worst travesty of the show (#1 is the House of the undying, the other #2 is Catelyn's and Talisa's scene about Jon) and its a complete character assassination.I don't know if you're serious or not, but who cares about Loras? That's like complaining that they ruined Doreah's character
345	Trebla	2013-04-28	This is sarcasm right? We already know Loras is gay. I think it's because Loras so readily just jumped into bed with the first squire he looked his way. Book Loras vowed to never love again after Renly died.
346	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	This is sarcasm right? We already know Loras is gay.We know he's gay but in the books he's so devoted to Renly. He tells Tyrion something like when the sun is set no candle in the world can compare.The show took a more realistic approach, I guess, which is that while Lora's mourned Renly he didn't totally lose his sexual drive. But it is a big deviation for his character.
347	Mya Stone	2013-04-28	This is sarcasm right? We already know Loras is gay.Pretty sure what Linda means is that a huge part of Loras's book characterization is his undying love of Renly. It's part of the reason he joins the Kingsguard.
348	Lord Martin	2013-04-28	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.Talisa... It's so talisa... I have to think that bit confirms it.She's highly suspect, claims to be low born from volantis but says my lord not "milord."  She claims she knows nothing of Westerosi custom but knew the wedding words of the seven and what supplies  maesters had. Now she is privy to his plans re Lannisport and Frey and Tywin mentions that he's learned just about everything going on in robbs camp.Im pretty sure it's her.
349	Broken Fox	2013-04-28	He was a rebound. Doesn't mean Loras stopped mourning Renly.
350	Trebla	2013-04-28	Also the last fetus she named was Edric - nice nod to Storm who most likely is out of the show altogether. Yeah, for people who've asked what happened to Edric Storm, well there he is floating in the jar! /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
351	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-28	I'm ok with the Loras part because (correct me if I'm wrong) TV Loras has not vowed to never love another.
352	Montey14	2013-04-28	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.Not sure if Talisa has any family with her.....but in the books ...the mother was a piece of work and set up the whole thing with her marrying robb
353	dtones520	2013-04-28	There's quite a bit of faithful and/or well-adapted material in this episode. Did not care at all for the show's Selyse, though.And then there's the Loras scene. That's a shared second place for worst travesty of the show (#1 is the House of the undying, the other #2 is Catelyn's and Talisa's scene about Jon) and its a complete character assassination.How do you figure? Loras is not a POV, we don't truly know his character other than him being full of himself, naive and gay. So, maybe the show Loras doesn't live up to how you've pieced him together in your mind, but he is just being fleshed out more in the show and also taking on the roles of multiple Tyrells to avoid confusion for TV viewers.
354	Bastard Walder	2013-04-28	Talisa... It's so talisa... I have to think that bit confirms it.She's highly suspect, claims to be low born from volantis but says my lord not "milord."  She claims she knows nothing of Westerosi custom but knew the wedding words of the seven and what supplies  maesters had. Now she is privy to his plans re Lannisport and Frey and Tywin mentions that he's learned just about everything going on in robbs camp.Im pretty sure it's her.She said she was from a noble family, and has a last name. She was probably educated on Westoros customs (when she wasn't getting aroused by talking about her dying siblings)
355	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-28	I think the problem Linda has is with the fact that Loras would jump into bed with another man after being so emotionally ravaged by Renly's death. It didn't bother me much, but it did portray Loras as somewhat of a loose individual.
356	Oakenfist	2013-04-28	Since many of you replied to me I won't quote you all, but good point about Loras and Renly.
I really forgot that Loras loved Renly so much and vowed to hunt down Stannis because he hasn't shown to be depressed all season.
357	Zman1863	2013-04-28	I did not really love the Jon and Ygritte scene. It felt like they combined their whole romance into a single scene and was a bit rushed. But it's understandable with everything they have to juggle around. 
I liked that we saw scenes with Stannis in a more human setting, but I didn't like the babies in jars thing or the scene between Stannis and his wife in general. Liked the Shireen stuff though.
358	King of the Wall	2013-04-28	This episode was just as good as "Dracarys" but in a completely different manner. It was creepy, heartbreaking, exciting, revealing all at once.
Selyse is INSANE. I wasn't expecting those fetuses. Last episode when Melisandre talked about others with king's blood I though she was referring to Shireen. And Shireen was great, greyscale looked good in my opinion. She seemed like a nice cheerful kid. I liked that change.
I loved Shireen singing in the credits, I listened until the end.
Stannis was clearly unconfortable around his family, it was some good acting.
Arya was the most heartbreaking for me. Nothing will surpass "I can be your family".
Grey worm was nice, just like in the books.
The bath scene also lived up to the books, right on the spot.
The show never made a point of how Moat Calin is unconquerable from the south ( I dont think they ever mention it) so they had Robb march on Casterly Rock, but I don't know how they will make his will reach the neck. That will seems to be important for the future events.
I liked how they made Karstark execution look so much like Ned executing that from the Watch. They even changed his weapon to a sword and made the sword fall with just one blow. Richard Madden's movements even ressembled Sean Bean's.
Anyway, Great episode.
359	ASM	2013-04-28	Hi guys,I've been a semi-frequent lurker, but the last two episodes have made me want to share my thoughts.I'd say that the best parts of this episode (there were many!) were the Robb parts. Loved the Karstark beheading scene - especially the use of Theon's theme as the score! Anyone catch that? I thought it was brilliant, and echoed Theon's beheading of Ser Rodrick. Also, seeing Robb actually get to come up with a clever plan at the end was nice. Honestly, it'll help provide a buildup for the climax this season.One caveat though - was it just me, or did Beric's revival seem sort of unclear in the show? I feel like I missed Thoros giving him Magical CPR. Kinda ruined the scene for me :/
360	Lord Martin	2013-04-28	She said she was from a noble family, and has a last name. She was probably educated on Westoros customs (when she wasn't getting aroused by talking about her dying siblings)But you forget that Talisa Maegry is an anagram for "a great mislay." I rest my case. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But really you think it's someone else?
361	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Hi guys,I've been a semi-frequent lurker, but the last two episodes have made me want to share my thoughts.I'd say that the best parts of this episode (there were many!) were the Robb parts. Loved the Karstark beheading scene - especially the use of Theon's theme as the score! Anyone catch that? I thought it was brilliant, and echoed Theon's beheading of Ser Rodrick. Also, seeing Robb actually get to come up with a clever plan at the end was nice. Honestly, it'll help provide a buildup for the climax this season.One caveat though - was it just me, or did Beric's revival seem sort of unclear in the show? I feel like I missed Thoros giving him Magical CPR. Kinda ruined the scene for me :/The Robb/Karstark bits were almost verbatim from the books, which was superb. Those were the best sequences to pick to remain perfectly faithful, in my opinion, along with the bath scene.I guess they wanted to keep the resurrection a bit of a mystery. We see Thoros chant some words and then Beric comes back. I assume they're saving the kiss of life thing for later.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 09:52 PM.
362	cybobbie	2013-04-28	Who else teared up when Arya told Gentry that she could be his family?I did too, loved the way that he replied to her "you would be milady". Maisie was brilliant in this whole episode. Her scene with Beric was touching as well.Shireen did not look nearly as depressed/sickly as I expected she would. The greyscale looked nasty, but Shireen seemed cheerful. Didn't really pay attention to book Shireen, but I feel so sorry for the TV version. Dragonstone is no place for a child like that...Loved her show version so far. As for Dragontosne not being a place for her, I have to add that show's Selyse gave me more creeps than the book version, even without the ears and mustache. It really made me sick watching her talking with those baby jars!!
363	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-28	I liked Selyse. She was giving me Helena Bonham Carter-esque, a little bit.
364	King of the Wall	2013-04-28	Hi guys,I've been a semi-frequent lurker, but the last two episodes have made me want to share my thoughts.I'd say that the best parts of this episode (there were many!) were the Robb parts. Loved the Karstark beheading scene - especially the use of Theon's theme as the score! Anyone catch that? I thought it was brilliant, and echoed Theon's beheading of Ser Rodrick. Also, seeing Robb actually get to come up with a clever plan at the end was nice. Honestly, it'll help provide a buildup for the climax this season.One caveat though - was it just me, or did Beric's revival seem sort of unclear in the show? I feel like I missed Thoros giving him Magical CPR. Kinda ruined the scene for me :/Welcome to the forum!I did not notice theon's theme at all. nice catch!I share your disapointment with the ressurection ritual, but at least they half-explained it later on the episode. It's worth to note that in the books Arya doesn't see the magical CPR, only Beric walking back from the shadows.
365	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-28	It's amazing how an hour of TV can just fly by.
366	Frumpus	2013-04-28	Seems like a lot of people are misinterpreting Gendry's "You would be my lady" line. He wasn't saying that arya would be his wife - he was saying that if he returned with her to Riverrun, he wouldn't be friends with her anymore because she is high born and he's just a lowly blacksmith who wouldn't be allowed to talk to her.Loras was in love with Renly and said that he could never love another in the books, here he jumps into bed with random guys he just met.He never said that in the tv show now did he? There are character changes, get over it.Loras was an incredibly minor character in the books. At least he's getting a lot of pivotal screen time on the show thanks to his unique position and the need for character truncation.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 28 April 2013 - 10:04 PM.
367	rmholt	2013-04-28	How the Lannisters found out about Karstark:  Robb had this huge argument with Talisa about telling the Lannisters about the kids and the punishments. So he told them about that.  Likely the Karstarks let it be known or some spies told Tywin the Karstarks had definitely left. Or maybe Tywin asked them to join him and they said No but we are going home.
Plenty great beefcake but if NCW doesnt get a good hair/face washing soon it's going to stay that way. #gross 
There was some conjecture about the Lords Kiss and thank goodness it got in sans skeeve.
The real Tywin wouldnt have hollered but Dance sells it.  Cersei and Tyrion remain perfect.
I love how one scene will follow the book line by line and the next scene we are completely off the rails!  I love Shireen teaching Davos to read.  Pretty nice cell for a traitor though.  Not real true to the story because Mel in the books knows Davos isnt really a traitor, he just needs to be out of the way for a bit.
Another superfantastically done episode
368	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I just noticed something also. Pretty soon after Jaime's recount of the conflict of keeping his vow to Aerys, Barristan says a man of honor keeps his vows to a drunk or a lunatic.
I thought that was a nice little job of showing both sides of that conflicting choice since Jaime's honor is a running theme from now on.
369	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-28	That was a fantastic episode! Loved everything about it. Minor quibbles about Loras jumping into bed with the squire, but willing to overlook. Kinda of glad it was a change from Sansa letting it slip so there's not more Dumb Sansa hate.
Loved the Beric/Sandor scene. Arya was killing me with "I could be your family" and "Can you bring a man back with no head?" The Lannisters at the end... yeah. It is nice to be surprised, I gasped at Loras as the proposed husband. Yep, Loras is going to be joining the KG right quick.
Shireen was perfect. I always thought she was cute in the books, even with hanging around creepy Patchface. It was neat hearing the "I know, oh oh oh" song. I sang it in my head different when reading. Her scene with Davos was adorable. Funny note: I mentioned to my husband that Davos learning to read was one of the cute moments in the books. He says "Let me guess, as soon as he learns to read, he gets his eyes stabbed out by that girl and shoved in his fingerbone bag, because that's what happens in world." Yeah.
370	Tempra	2013-04-28	Seems like a lot of people are misinterpreting Gendry's "You would be my lady" line. He wasn't saying that arya would be his wife - he was saying that if he returned with her to Riverrun, he wouldn't be friends with her anymore because she is high born and he's just a lowly blacksmith who wouldn't be allowed to talk to her.This was my interpretation as well.
371	MoAt	2013-04-28	Who else teared up when Arya told Gentry that she could be his family?Me. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
372	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-28	I almost forgot about Jaime and Brienne! Gods, so much awesome in one episode! GC and NCW killed it. They were perfect. They are Jaime and Brienne. I need to rewatch that. So many little touches that made it perfect.
373	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-28	Seems like a lot of people are misinterpreting Gendry's "You would be my lady" line. He wasn't saying that arya would be his wife - he was saying that if he returned with her to Riverrun, he wouldn't be friends with her anymore because she is high born and he's just a lowly blacksmith who wouldn't be allowed to talk to her.He never said that in the tv show now did he? There are character changes, get over it.Loras was an incredibly minor character in the books. At least he's getting a lot of pivotal screen time on the show thanks to his unique position and the need for character truncation.I'm pretty sure that the butcher's boy was low born and that didn't stop Arya from befriending him.
374	drstrangelove	2013-04-28	My one issue. What the heck would be accomplished by marrying cersei to Loras . They are already creating an alliance with highgarden with the royal wedding. Seems like a waste to me.
In the book Tywin cycled through possible choices which included Robert Arryn and Theon Greyjoy. Besides Loras already announced he was joining the Kingsguard and Joffrey accepted.
					
					
							Edited by drstrangelove, 28 April 2013 - 10:15 PM.
375	SirLexius	2013-04-28	First time posting here - registered a while ago after finishing all the books shortly after Season 2 ended and I couldn't wait!  
Others have already mentioned little details which I very much liked - Theon's theme for the execution and the staging of it reminded me also of Ned's execution of the Night's Watchman in Season 1.
One thing I'm intrigued about is how the Barristan/Jorah relationship will play out, and then into Jorah's dismissal.  It also seemed like they had been bonding in the conversation shown about how Jorah became a knight, the subtle nod between the two after Daernarys asks the Unsullied to join her as free men at the end of the last episode and marches from the city.  I did like how the conversation showed that Jorah is still "safe" for now with his former betrayal - so I wonder if his dismissal will be done differently?  With Barristan bringing up his poor reputation in Westoros and making tough choices (I'm paraphrasing as I can't remember it exactly), I wonder if something may happen for Jorah to voluntarily leave Daernary's service, or is that too much of a leap to make?
I will confess I have a soft spot for Jorah - mainly due to Iain Glen!  As a side note I was fortunate enough to see him play Henry V on stage when I was a kid, and credit him with my interest in Shakespeare at a young age.
376	Oakenfist	2013-04-28	My one issue. What the heck would be accomplished by marrying cersei to Loras . They are already creating an alliance with highgarden with the royal wedding. Seems like a waste to me.Tywin mentions in the books that Cersei is to marry and even suggests a Greyjoy at one point. I'm almost certain this happened when he was going over possible suitors. I think they just changed it to Loras so Cersei can go to Joffery and force him to appoint Loras to the KG.
377	BlueDragon	2013-04-28	I am using this post to go on record with my predictions regarding not how the show will change the books, but rather to note where I think Martin's story is going.1. Arya and Gendry are going to have a romance if not be a married couple.  That dialog between them tonight was absolutely dead on as a foreshawdowing of this.  Gendry was asserting his need not only to be free of a master/serf relationship but also his need not to be subservient to Arya.  I am not claiming that they have feelings for one another in a romantic way right now, that would be creepy and out of character for both of them, but they will.  They are a natural pair.  When Gendry learns he is a Baratheon, he is going to change his idea of himself.  I don't mean he is going to think like a Lord, quite the opposite.  He may even 'accept' what he is but reject the idea of lording it over anyone which totally matches Arya's idea of how she would like to live her life, not as a great lady, but as a woman who makes decisions for herself about how she wants to live.  And knowing he is her social equal is going to give him the emotional confidence to both allow himself to feel his attracton to her and maybe even pursue her.  He is aware he cannot be her family now, but he will know differently later.2. Daenerys and Jon are going to be a riveting pair once they finally meet.  I don't know if they will be given a happy ending, but they are going to recognize what they are to one another in a big way and it is going to register as a physical and spiritual attraction.  They will marry if Martin wants to give anyone a 'happy' ending.  But it will be much like Frodo's happy ending, that is they will both be haunted for life because of what they have had to do and had done to them.3. Sorry to tell those who love Stannis, but he is a creep and is surrounded by creeps.  Maybe he isn't entirely responsible for his dark side, but it is there and he will never, ever get to sit on the Iron throne unless it is about to be destroyed. His agony is apparent in this episode; he knows he is not what he should be.  Dany's 'dream' of the destroyed throne room suggest to me that she will arrive in King's Landing after it is already destroyed, perhaps after Stannis sits on it and precipitates its destruction.  4. Dany's is in no way the evil queen some on this board suggest.  Both the actress and the script are making that crystal clear.  She will have more dark crises, and she will make huge mistakes with her dragons, but those mistakes in Essos are part of her training for leadership of the battle to come in Westeros against the Others.  She is going to have to learn how to control her dragons and how not to make serious leadership mistakes.  This is the reason DWD ends with her standing next to Drogon about to be confronted and/or supported by Dothraki.   The battle against the others will involve an alliance between former antagonists.  I don't see many Dothraki crossing over into Westeros, but perhaps they will be her reserve force or a key number of them will cross the narrow sea with her.  Ultimately, she may 'reform' their culture from its mysognism, but it won't be a genuine reform.  5. Two strains of magic will be revealed clearly by the end of the series.  Tolkein's universe is being repeated in this sense.  The Red God or some of his minions.will turn out to be evil.  In other words, the god may have been misinterpreted by his followers.  I cannot see Beric as evil, but he is compromised in some way and this episode made that clear.  Flame away: this is here as a record which I am bookmarking.  I am not so nice as not to say: I told  you so.   /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />
					
					
							Edited by BlueDragon, 28 April 2013 - 10:31 PM.
378	Frumpus	2013-04-28	I'm pretty sure that the butcher's boy was low born and that didn't stop Arya from befriending him.pretty sure mycah also never had a shot at marrying AryaMy one issue. What the heck would be accomplished by marrying cersei to Loras . They are already creating an alliance with highgarden with the royal wedding. Seems like a waste to me.they are just following the books... somewhat. in the books Tywin wanted her to marry willas but willas is cut so Loras takes his place.you're right it doesn't make sense but hey, you can't blame them for following the books!
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 28 April 2013 - 10:16 PM.
379	BananaSpice	2013-04-28	Loved this episode to pieces ... it seemed longer than usual? I actually loved the quick cuts and how that was all handled near the end.
Loved Shireen! Loved the nod to book readers with one of the fetuses being named "Edric" ... I really liked how they are making Robb look like he has this amazingly clever plan and is going to kick Lannister butt ... lolol. I was a little disappointed that he managed to behead karstark w/ only one strike, though :/ ... it's just making poor Theon look bad, tbh. But when the two Lannister boys were killed, it was really rough /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Gah, this episode was just so good! Gosh, Jaime and Brienne were perfect.
Jon Snow is rushed this season and I feel like they kind of dropped the ball on his story arc ... I guess they are relying on ppl just inherently liking him? I dunno. Oh well.
380	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-28	Brilliant episode. By far the best of the season.
-- Always love new additions to the credits sequence. Yunkai was no exception. Loved that it was oh so slightly different to Astapor.
-- Jon / Ygritte was interesting. I have no objections to sex/nudity when they serve a story purpose, and this one absolutely did.
-- Talisa siding against the killing of Karstack was very interesting, esp. since she's supposed to be miss nicey nice. Seems she's ok with the whole "for the greater good" argument.
-- Jaime / Brienne. Oh man, Jaime / Brienne. Brilliantly done and straight from the books. Also no objections to the nudity here too -- esp. since this whole scene is straight from the books.
-- Loved that the discussion about Aegon followed with a Dany scene, and especially loved that Jaime's talk about having dirt for honor was followed with Selmy talking about how an honorable man follows his king right or wrong. Good mirroring there.
-- Shireen just about made my heart melt. Her scene with Davos in the prison made me cry.
 edit: oh, and I can't forget the lampshading of Selmy not being on the small council and how it changed Jorah's concerns about having his secret spilled. I like that they acknolwedged that it was a continuity issue, and I like how they massaged it. Cogman knows how to do his work, yessir.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 28 April 2013 - 10:16 PM.
381	BLU-RAY	2013-04-28	Yeah, but Gendry doesn't know that. You saw how the blacksmith treated Ned when Ned came to interview him - total deference and setting him on a pedestal.  As far as Gendry knows, he'd be just some peasant if he went back with Arya.
ETA: This about Arya befriending the butcher's boy.
					
					
							Edited by BLU-RAY, 28 April 2013 - 10:24 PM.
382	MoAt	2013-04-28	So....... Selyse named one of her sons...... Edric. One of a bazillion nice little nods to the fans this ep.
383	teej6	2013-04-28	So is Patchface going to be in the show? And Maisie Williams is a treat to watch.
					
					
							Edited by teej6, 28 April 2013 - 10:40 PM.
384	drstrangelove	2013-04-28	I am using this post to go on record with my predictions regarding not how the show will change the books, but rather to note where I think Martin's story is going.1. Arya and Gendry are going to have a romance if not be a married couple.  That dialog between them was absolutely dead on a foreshawdowing of this.  Gendry was asserting his need not only to be free of a master/serf relationship but also his need not to be subservient to Arya.  I am not claiming that they have feelings for one another in a romantic way right now, that would be creepy and out of character for both of them, but they will.  They are a natural pair.  When Gendry learns he is a Baratheon, he is going to change his idea of himself.  I don't mean he is going to think like a Lord, quite the opposite.  He may even 'accept' what he is but reject the idea of lording it over anyone which totally matches Arya's idea of how she would like to live her life, not as a great lady, but as a woman who makes decisions for herself about how she wants to live.  And knowing he is her social equal is going to give him the emotional confidence to both fall for her and maybe even pursue her.2. Daenerys and Jon are going to be a riveting pair once they finally meet.  I don't know if they will be given a happy ending, but they are going to recognize what they are to one another in a big way and it is going to register as a physical and spiritual attraction.  They will marry if Martin wants to give anyone a 'happy' ending.  But it will be much like Frodo's happy ending, that is they will both be haunted for life because of what they have had to do and had done to them.3. Sorry to tell those who love Stannis, but he is a creep and is surrounded by creeps.  Maybe he isn't entirely responsible for his dark side, but it is there and he will never, ever get to sit on the Iron throne unless it is about to be destroyed. His agony is apparent in this episode.  Dany's 'dream' of the destroyed throne room suggest to me that she will arrive in King's Landing after it is already destroyed, perhaps after Stannis sits on it and precepitates its destruction.  4. Dany's is in no way the evil queen some on this board suggest.  Both the actress and the script are making that crystal clear.  She will have more dark crises, and she will make huge mistakes with her dragons, but those mistakes in Essos are part of her training for leadership of the battle to come in Westeros against the Others.  She is going to have to learn how to control her dragons and how not to make serious leadership mistakes.  This is the reason DWD ends with her standing next to Drogon about to be confronted and/or supported by Dothraki.  I don't see many Dothraki crossing over into Westeros, but perhaps they will be her reserve force or a key number of them will cross the narrow sea with her.  Ultimately, she may 'reform' their culture from its mysognism, but it won't be a genuine reform.  The battle against the others will involve an alliance between former antagonists.  5. Two strains of magic will be revealed clearly by the end of the series.  Tolkein's universe is being repeated in this sense.  The Red God or some of his minions.will turn out to be evil.  In other words, the god may have been misinterpreted by his followers.  I cannot see Beric as evil, but he is compromised in some way and this episode made that clear.  Flame away: this is here as a record which I am bookmarking.  I am not so nice as not to say: I told  you so.   /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />Gendry will be Melisandres other way of getting kings blood. She will sacrifice him, as she did edric storm in the books. Hate to ruin your love story.
385	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-28	Edric was stillborn... 
Nice.
Also, how can we not assume Talisa is a spy at this point?  You should go back to your home and take vengeance on the Ironborn, of course I still don't know where your home is despite sitting here staring at your maps, and I'm not at all implying you need to cross at The Twins...  Not at all...
386	Frumpus	2013-04-28	I really hope Talisa is a spy. It would spare us the ridiculous fan proposed storyline of Talisa replacing Jeyne Poole.
387	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-28	Gendry will be Melisandres other way of getting kings blood. She will sacrifice him, as she did edric storm in the books. Hate to ruin your love story.Melisandre did not sacrifice Edric Storm; Davos had the boy sent away before it could happen.
388	Rockroi	2013-04-28	When I turned the episode eon I immediately thought that there would be no way that the show would three-peat; three exceptional episodes in a row.  WRONG!  Not only was it exceptional, but it may have been the best episode of the season.What I liked:The Cave of Fire and Snow: One of my tope-ten scenes is the scene between Ygritte and Jon Snow where they come together and really evolve as a couple.  Jon Snow jumps into his life with Ygritte and Yigritte shows real heart and soul; and they both prove they want the other.  This scene completely capture that romance and that humanity of the two and it makes you want them to succeed- in everything they do.The Humanity of Stannis Baratheon:Lois Griffin: (Seeing her child Stewie with a person tied up and apparently torturing them) STEWIE! What are you doing?Stewie: We<U+0080><U+0099>re playing House (quickly glances at the person he is torturing) Roman Polanski<U+0080><U+0099>s house.-Famil GUyWatching Stannis try to be a normal person in the face of his... horrifying home life was almost as painful as watching his fleet on fire.  However<U+0080> maybe for the first time<U+0080> they nailed it.  For starters, Stannis regrets some of his decisions, and even regrets betraying his Wife; his wife?  Well<U+0080> she<U+0080><U+0099>s a bit <U+0080> touched?  For starters, she is okay with it, second she is enamored by Mel; third she keeps her dead babies.  Fourth, she may or may not keep her only child locked up in a tower, which is equal parts good thinking nad fucking terrifying.And in case you missed it- she keeps the dead bodies of her three still-born babies in floating in green liquid... in her chambers... where she sleeps...But here<U+0080><U+0099>s the thing: she knew how to talk to Stannis.  She gets it!  And she gets him (I thought it was wonderful when she just called him <U+0080><U+009C>Stannis<U+0080><U+009D>, and it appeared to disarm him).  She wants Stannis to succeed and is standing by him.  She completely brushes his guilt aside.  All the while she stares at her <U+0080><U+009C>boys.<U+0080><U+009D>  Stannis also gets HER!  He genuinely feels bad for her; he GENUINELY sympathies with her; he GENUINELY wants others to respect her- and he wants to give her the respect she deserves, going so far as to ask her permission to see hius daughter.And all the while we see the pain and misery these people have lived with.Stannis with his child was, maybe, the best scene with Stannis since he stormed a beach apparently by himself.  Shireen<U+0080><U+0099>s explosion of unconditional love and affection <U+0080> FOR STANNIS was as surprising as it was natural.  What little girl does not love her daddy?  Even if that daddy is the most socially inept and cold-hearted person in the seven kingdoms.And the fact that that little girl sang that song was<U+0080> perfect.The Dog and the Dead Man: I liked the Hound<U+0080><U+0099>s redemption.  For starters, I liked that that fight was- almost move-for-move <U+0080><U+0093> identical to the book and that it had this in-your-face element of death, death death.  That was a dangerous fight between dangerous men and they ate the scene up.  I also continue to enjoy this reimagined Hound- not the whimpering and angry Hound of the book, but the more ferrel and the more black-humored one.The Lion, the Wolf, and the Burden of Rule:   There are two powers still truly at war: the Lannisters and the Starks.  And the episode detailed how the two sides are waging it.  I thought Robb acted 100% perfectly and correctly: you cannot allow a lord like Karstark to act out of line like that and expect others to follow.  You have to remove that corruption root and stem.   So I am a little perplexed if the show is couching Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s decision as a mistake; I hope not, when his ACTUAL mistake was to, you know, break his oath.Meanwhile, back with the sid eiwnning the war, Tywin ahs a family and that family will do exactly as he commands while he slowly <U+0080><U+009C>chips away<U+0080><U+009D> and Robb Stark by doing nothing.  Tywin is playing everyone and its about time Cersei and Tyrion learn to dance along.  Everyone played that scene perfectly.Because ruling comes with a price.  Sometimes you have to marry somebody you don't like; sometimes your kids are idiots; and sometimes you have to kill the guy who killed your enemy's children.  Because its EASY to criticize, but King's don't criticize.  They rule.  Robb and Tywin are rulling.The Lord Commander and the Slaver: I loved the few minutes we got with Dany and her advisors; even Mormont recalling his knighting.  And I loved that they kept the Grey Worm scene.  I think the show is doing a BETTER job with the Selmy-Mormont relationship than the books, and even shows why Mormont is so distant;  Because he<U+0080><U+0099>s hiding.The KIngslayer and the Wench: You kill that.  You kill the mad man who wants to burn the city down and you do it as soon as you can.  You don<U+0080><U+0099>t wait around for others to negotiate; or to fight with honor; or to get the children to safety.  No.  You kill the pyromancer first and then you kill Aerys the Mad.  That<U+0080><U+0099>s honor.  And it does not matter if Arthur Dayne or Ned Stark think so or not. Because SOMEBODY had to kill Aerys.  And Jaime Lannister was the only guy who had the guts to do it.  And what was his reward? Scorn.Because did any of us EVERY think Ned Stark wanted to hear Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s side of the story?  Really?  I have been saying since I first read SoS that Jaime was right to do what he did and Ned Stark loves judging other people, to the point of absurdity.And all the while, she is looking at him and her eyes screaming <U+0080><U+009C>No<U+0080>.<U+0080><U+009D> and the whole while the steam, the steam the steam<U+0080> smoke smoke smoke.Kissed by fire<U+0080>.What I Am On the Fence about:The Queen of Thorns and Hammy Writing:  I like Lady Olenna and I enjoy her scenes in bite sized portions.  But <U+0080> every week it appears to be the same thing: Lady Olenna sits down next to an established character; the established character immediately losses all the intellect, charm, wit and danger they possessed up to the moment they met Lady Olenna and act ham-handed, clumsy, foolish and boarder-line stupid.  Started with Sansa, continued with Cersei, reached ridiculous heights with Varys and culminated this week in the show utterly neutering its best character<U+0080> all to make Olenna seemed smart.  This week was the worst because Tyrion is the best character on the show and to make him seem tongue-tied, awkward, clumsy and intimidated by her is utterly out of place.Again, it<U+0080><U+0099>s not that bad; after all, would we want just another terrible character fopr the champions of Westeros to just intellectually beat up? Of course not.  At the same time- it would be nice if the characters we knew acted, sounded, spoke, or even seemed like the characters who we thought they were and not card-board cut outs.  It seems rather lazy.What I did not like:Can<U+0080><U+0099>t find anything.  And I am STUNNED That for the second week in a row I could not find something I did NOT like.For three episodes in a row, the show has put up HUGE numbers!  Fantastic ability to really integrate the best parts of the books into the show and do it seamlessly.Now.. can they go four-for-four?ThHis was the best episode of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 28 April 2013 - 10:23 PM.
389	Kasrith	2013-04-28	I did not really love the Jon and Ygritte scene. It felt like they combined their whole romance into a single scene and was a bit rushed. But it's understandable with everything they have to juggle around.I really liked that (perhaps due to the fact that he's been up North for a while, and away from our screens) that he finally grew some cohones. And I don't mean the cave scene either, but him standing up to Orwell. It's the first time he didn't have the cry baby look on his face. Finally growing up and maturing. Then of course after popping the cherry and climbing the wall soon, he'll be fit for the Wall stuff in s4
390	Frumpus	2013-04-28	Melisandre did not sacrifice Edric Storm; Davos had the boy sent away before it could happen.and how is Davos going to save Gendry?
391	DudueMe	2013-04-28	I`m thinking that the babies in jar will substitute the leaches in melisandre`s spell
392	tito5601	2013-04-28	i love the look lord bolton gave locke when he said he will send his hand to tywin
393	congokong	2013-04-28	This show is starting to have a tendency to start with crappy fabricated scenes and end with awesome ones.
I don't like switching Willas for Loras, but otherwise the last scene was solid.
Usually I don't lick the boots of actors like many do, but whoever plays Jaime really nailed the emotions in that bath scene.
I don't have the energy for nitpicks. It's a tiring song.
394	Fat Mac	2013-04-28	This was a great episode. I have absolutely no complaints about what they did. The dead babies were spooky and unexpected, but interesting nevertheless.
I'm going to have to say that my favorite scenes were Jaime's story and Stannis seeing his family. The show fans finally get to see Stannis acting like a human being.
395	King Zee	2013-04-28	and how is Davos going to save Gendry?same way he saved edric.
396	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-28	Yeah, the babies in jars will replace the leeches, of that I am sure. There are 3 of them and really there is no reason to have them there unless they plan to do something with them.
397	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	This show is starting to have a tendency to start with crappy fabricated scenes and end with awesome ones.I don't like switching Willas for Loras, but otherwise the last scene was solid.Usually I don't lick the boots of actors like many do, but whoever plays Jaime really nailed the emotions in that bath scene.I don't have the energy for nitpicks. It's a tiring song.Well the first scene was almost a copy of the book version so that's not really true.
398	ckal	2013-04-28	"This man was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die."
Just.... whoa. One of the best episodes of the entire series. So many scenes were taken straight from the books and were done so incredibly well. Literally everything in this episode was amazing. I would just love to hear Beric called the Lightning Lord and the reason =)
399	BlueDragon	2013-04-28	Gendry will be Melisandres other way of getting kings blood. She will sacrifice him, as she did edric storm in the books. Hate to ruin your love story.She is not going to succeed.
400	siberia82	2013-04-28	For those of you who are complaining about Loras fooling around with another man, sex doesn't equal love. We never get his POV in the books, so we can't be 100% certain that he never slept with anyone after Renly's death.
401	anastasiak	2013-04-28	Seems like a lot of people are misinterpreting Gendry's "You would be my lady" line. He wasn't saying that arya would be his wife - he was saying that if he returned with her to Riverrun, he wouldn't be friends with her anymore because she is high born and he's just a lowly blacksmith who wouldn't be allowed to talk to her.Thank you because I did not see it that way at all, but that is most likely what he truly meant. I'm still really rooting for them to get together (I'm just starting FFC).I think the show is beginning to link themes together extremely well. Jamie's honor/'betrayal' is addressed both in the bath scene and by Barristan, which was a nice touch. I like that they're making it easier for those who haven't read the books to understand what's going on by simplifying the sequence of events a little (Littlefinger plot/new wedding arrangements). Overall I like all of the small changes that have been brought so far because they are not significant deviations (in this season**), and some scenes were SO spot on that I almost teared up - loved ALL the scenes except the Loras one, it was a bit unnecessary..
402	Khal Pono	2013-04-28	My impressions:* Poor Brian Cogman!  As the series' keeper of the mythology it seems that D&D have tasked him with picking up all the loose strands created by previous departures from the book and try to start putting them all back together in one episode.  You can hear his wheels grinding--often awkwardly! (note how he has to explain to the audience that Barristan WASN'T on the Small Council in the TV show, lest book readers become confused)--as he strives to complete this near-impossible task.* In other words the whole episode was almost a series of contrivances (interspersed with some highly faithful straight-from-the-book adaptations) to move the plot along.  Despite some weird choices, like the gay sex spy, I still enjoyed most of it.* Several scenes felt rushed, a consequence of ASoS being such a gargantuan narrative.  Even dividing it into 2 seasons, they still have decide which parts to include/exclude in their adaptation.* For example, The Hound trial hit all of the beats that the are present in the book--even down to details like the Hound's shield catching fire and Beric's sword shattering, yet I still felt the scene didn't give anyone time to breathe. or to see anyone respond realistically.* By contrast, the bath scene took its time, with excellent results (though I wonder if non-book readers were bored to death by the talkiness/exposition).  I found the monologue to be an excellent adaptation of the book scene, describing why the Kingslayer did what he did, and it was heartrendingly effective. Jaime's suffering was palpable--you just wanted Brienne to scoop him up in her arms and comfort him.  The quiet horror/shock/pity on Brienne's face was good too.* Other scenes high in book-faithfulness include the cave sex scene (awesome what they accomplished in little time), the Qyburn scene, the Karstark stuff, and the moving Grey Worm dialogue* I am a pervert and in love with Gwen Christie and was trying to shamelessly leer at her body... but I think they used a body double for the posterior shots.  What a shame.  Naked from the shoulders up she appears quite willowy and Tilda Swinton-esque--healthy and lithe but not ripped/bulky as we might have imagined reading the books.  Anyway, she looked beautiful even if she wouldn't let them shoot her naked.* Catelyn also looked nice with her hair down. I'm cultivating a cougar crush on Michelle Fairley, especially when I see her in interviews*Ugh! How creepy and disturbing were the preserved miscarriages in Selyse's bedchamber.  I didn't care for that detail from an adaptation standpoint but as a fan of over-the-top horror atmosphere (a la American Horror Story) it was enjoyable for me.  I think it was also a parody of some of the rumors about Rick Santorum who, like Selyse, is a scary religious zealot*I did not mind the detail that Selyse knows that Mel and Stannis are boffing.  If you think about it, book-Selyse is such a fanatic that she likely wouldn't mind and she is so brainwashed that she would surely say the ends justify the means.  they're really making her into a campy, creepy caricature, but I'm mostly okay with that.*While we're on the subject of Stannis's family, the Shirene scenes were sweet and sad.  I liked the chemistry between her and Davos. GoT's child casting people are to be commended once again; they do such great work finding mature, natural child actors*SHIRENE SINGS PATCHFACE'S CREEPY SONGS!! What a treat for book readers--though it makes somewhat less sense that she would be obsessed with what goes on "under the sea" than the famously shipwrecked Patchface, but that's a minor complaint.  The ending credits music was hauntingly beautiful and strongly reminiscent of this interlude from the classic movie Night of the Hunter http://www.youtube.c...h?v=aMF0Wc_hm4A*Olenna is a delight! Can't get enough of her one-liners*Charles Dance is intimidating as ever; love the way he lays down the law to his willful childrenAs a whole, I think the episode suffered from nobly trying to juggle way too many plot threads, a weakness that many of you have already pointed out during seasons 2 and 3.  I find this type of episode that warrants repeated viewings--not out of sheer pleasure like last week (how many of us replayed the Dracarys scene a few thousand times?), but because so much is happening it becomes hard to keep all the book deviations straight.Sorry for the long post.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 28 April 2013 - 11:06 PM.
403	The Storm King	2013-04-28	that  cave scene OMG  and jaime's  bath scene turned out to be even better than in the books. loved tyrion cersei and tywin scene.  loved how cersei bought it upon herself because she was the one  who provided the  news about  sansa  and she was being all smug with tyrion xD  the duel  was epic too  best episode yet
404	ckal	2013-04-28	I'm sure Ser Loras will be promoted to the King's Guard to prevent the Cersei/Loras marriage. I wonder when it will happen....before or after Joffrey's death?
Then, enter OBERYN.
405	go joff go	2013-04-28	That last scene was actually better then the bath scene IMO.  The looks on Tyrion and Cercei's faces were fantastic. Tyrion stare of death  was great.
406	Zman1863	2013-04-28	Thank you because I did not see it that way at all, but that is most likely what he truly meant. I'm still really rooting for them to get together (I'm just starting FFC).I think there was a clear double meaning in the choice of Gendry's line. He meant it only one way, but it's just the show's way of pointing to something else that is also present in the books.
407	go joff go	2013-04-28	I am definitely starting to wonder if Gendry might NOT be coming back with Mel.  I could definitely see the three fetuses as a replacement.
408	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-28	Anyone else notice that both Brienne and Ygritte were well groomed for not ever having the chance to get groomed.
					
					
							Edited by The Knee-Slayer, 28 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
409	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	I hear Selyse say one of the fetus's name was Edric.
410	snowtarg	2013-04-28	* Poor Brian Cogman!  As the series' keeper of the mythology it seems that D&D have tasked him with picking up all the loose strands created by previous departures from the book and try to start putting them all back together in one episode.  You can hear his wheels grinding--often awkwardly! (note how he has to explain to the audience that Barristan WASN'T on the Small Council in the TV show, lest book readers become confused)--as he strives to complete this near-impossible task.Barristan was on the Small Council in Season 1 of the show.  Remember how only he and Ned argued against sending an assassin to kill Dany?  It's apparent that Barristan is lying to Jorah because he doesn't want Jorah to know that he knows that Jorah was a spy for Varys.Edit: Apologies for my error.  I re-watched the small council scene (Season 1, episode 5) and Barristan was not, in fact, in attendance.
					
					
							Edited by snowtarg, 29 April 2013 - 12:55 PM.
411	ckal	2013-04-28	I liked how they made Karstark execution look so much like Ned executing that from the Watch. They even changed his weapon to a sword and made the sword fall with just one blow. Richard Madden's movements even ressembled Sean Bean's.Yeah I thought the same thing!I'd say that the best parts of this episode (there were many!) were the Robb parts. Loved the Karstark beheading scene - especially the use of Theon's theme as the score! Anyone catch that? I thought it was brilliant, and echoed Theon's beheading of Ser Rodrick. Also, seeing Robb actually get to come up with a clever plan at the end was nice. Honestly, it'll help provide a buildup for the climax this season.Ah, I knew that the music was familiar!Also, how can we not assume Talisa is a spy at this point?  You should go back to your home and take vengeance on the Ironborn, of course I still don't know where your home is despite sitting here staring at your maps, and I'm not at all implying you need to cross at The Twins...  Not at all...Haha yes.
412	ckal	2013-04-28	Barristan was on the Small Council in Season 1 of the show.  Remember how only he and Ned argued against sending an assassin to kill Dany?  It's apparent that Barristan is lying to Jorah because he doesn't want Jorah to know that he knows that Jorah was a spy for Varys.Good catch. Clearly this will set up for Jorah being exiled by Dany.
413	Khal Pono	2013-04-28	Barristan was on the Small Council in Season 1 of the show.  Remember how only he and Ned argued against sending an assassin to kill Dany?  It's apparent that Barristan is lying to Jorah because he doesn't want Jorah to know that he knows that Jorah was a spy for Varys.You're getting the books and the TV show confused, which Brian Cogman is fully aware of, which was my whole point.In the show everyone is unanimous against Ned that Dany should be assassinated.  There is no Barristan.  I've seen all the episodes more than a dozen times.  I'm deeply ashamed of myself.Good catch. Clearly this will set up for Jorah being exiled by Dany.It's somewhat trivial, but you're both wrong. He was not on the council in the TV show.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 28 April 2013 - 11:29 PM.
414	kwak76	2013-04-28	Best episode so far for me . They made Stannis more human with his relationship to his daughter than  In the book I can't remember him interacting with his daughter at all in the book.
Considering this is episode 5 ..and we have 5 more to go . It's possible that we will get the red wedding in this season. My guess either 7 or 8 judging from the pace.
415	Winterfellian	2013-04-28	Not much to say, except LOVE IT!!! This is the first episode so far that had me wondering where the time went by the time the credits were rolling.
416	Oakenfist	2013-04-28	Barristan was on the Small Council in Season 1 of the show.  Remember how only he and Ned argued against sending an assassin to kill Dany?  It's apparent that Barristan is lying to Jorah because he doesn't want Jorah to know that he knows that Jorah was a spy for Varys.In this scene he wasn't.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=RHnYayjFL-Q
417	ckal	2013-04-28	I think the show runners really need to identify something here....the scenes they take straight from the books are always sensational. I wonder why? Some of the changes/additions they make are good, but many fall flat as well. I hope these last two episodes are an indication of the future of this adaptation as these were two of the best episodes of the series with much of the content taken straight from the book.
418	ckal	2013-04-28	Oh, you're right, woops! It's been a while!
419	Gandalf The Gay	2013-04-28	it was balls
420	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I think the show runners really need to identify something here....the scenes they take straight from the books are always sensational. I wonder why? Some of the changes/additions they make are good, but many fall flat as well. I hope these last two episodes are an indication of the future of this adaptation as these were two of the best episodes of the series with much of the content taken straight from the book.I think it helps that aSoS is packed with awesome interactions where aCoK was a bit less...vivid I suppose.
421	Alboin	2013-04-28	The walking dead (like) fetuses, spa mansion beyond the wall and Loras enjoying a boy toy was /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
Almost everything else was great, especially how Coster-Waldau and Maise Williams nailed their scenes. Also Sheeren is very very touching, Stannis' trauma is acted perfectly.
422	Kasrith	2013-04-28	I think it was very fitting that Beric responded to Arya's "burn in Hell!" with "He will, but not today" just as he was resurrected; a nice parallel and reminder of Syrio's "There is only one thing we say to death - not today".
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 28 April 2013 - 11:43 PM.
423	ckal	2013-04-28	I think it helps that aSoS is packed with awesome interactions where aCoK was a bit less...vivid I suppose.Yeah, I agree. I've said plenty of times that S02 suffered from a couple things: One, ACOK not being as good of a book (IMO) as AGOT. Two, many choices the showrunners made in regards to the adaptation as well as the directing/editing style and episode compositions with too many short scenes and story lines in every episode. Also, they seemed to struggle handling the far less linear story line in ACOK than the story in AGOT with Ned as the focal point.ASOS is the best book in the series and I think GRRM's best writing. As long as the show runners stick close to the book for the next two seasons, they will have Emmy's/Golden Globes on their hands.
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 28 April 2013 - 11:47 PM.
424	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-28	Thoughts on that episode:That episode belonged to Jon Snow and Jamie Lannister.  It was great to finally see Jon grow some stones against the wildlings and that kissed by fire scene was on point.  Jamie's scene in the bath tub was IMO the most powerful non violent scene of the season so far and for Jamie's character in general so far overall in the series.  I mean it really gave me the chills hearing him talk about Aerys and the events that took place during th sack of KL.Robb Stark is fuckedLoved the idea of Littlefinger using that squire to seduce and squeeze Tyrell info out of Ser Loras, very clever indeed.Tywin Lannister is a complete fucking Boss! Tyrion and Cersei have shown throughout the series that when on their own they can be powerful, cunning, and overall very intimidating characters. Yet when brought before Tywin Lannister he seems to always make them look like scared, submissive, little children, and I love it!It seems to me the show is really making a huge effort to show the human side of Stannis Baratheon which I don't mind at all btw, I like seeing this different side of Stannis.Un-Beric kind of freaks me out.TV Brienne has a fantastic ass(if she wasn't using a bd of course)! Haha but really she does.Lastly, I noticed that Tywin Lannister called ser Loras the heir of Highgarden so it seems we won't be seeing Willas in the show, and does anyone know if we'll see Edric Dayne?  It doesn't seem like we will at this point.Overall great episode!
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 28 April 2013 - 11:53 PM.
425	Travex	2013-04-28	Since when are the Karstarks half of Robb's army? They are, at best, like 1/4th of his strength from the North. Add in the Riverlords and Karstark would be more like 1/8th or 1/10th of Robb's army. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
426	ckal	2013-04-28	Lastly, I noticed that Tywin Lannister called ser Loras the heir of Highgarden so it seems we won't be seeing Willas in the show, and does anyone know if we'll see Edric Dayne?  It doesn't seem like we will at this point.Yeah no Willas and Garlan =( The removal of these characters stream lines the story, so I guess it's not all that bad. This could be an issue later in the series though when Loras is assaulting Dragonstone and possibly near fatally injured, and Garlan is off defending the Reach/Highgarden against the Ironborn.Hmm yeah. Doesn't seem like we will see Edric Dayne either. Wonder if we will hear about Jon's very early childhood through someone else or anything about milk brothers.
427	Oakenfist	2013-04-28	Since when are the Karstarks half of Robb's army? They are, at best, like 1/4th of his strength from the North. Add in the Riverlords and Karstark would be more like 1/8th or 1/10th of Robb's army. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Since they decided not to get Greatjon back and show any of the other banner lords after season 1.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 28 April 2013 - 11:59 PM.
428	ckal	2013-04-29	Since when are the Karstarks half of Robb's army? They are, at best, like 1/4th of his strength from the North. Add in the Riverlords and Karstark would be more like 1/8th or 1/10th of Robb's army. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />True, although IIRC in ASOS the Karstark desertion was a major blow to Robb's army and military strength. In addition, Robb let his men go home if they chose to, right? So I imagine these two were pieces were just combined in the show for streamlining.
429	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-04-29	Interesting that Robb isn't going to the Freys because he wants to head back North. He's going to the Freys because he needs more men. Possibly they're downplaying the importance of the Twins as being the key to the Neck, or perhaps they're playing up Robb as a doofus who doesn't know when to cut his losses.
430	ckal	2013-04-29	Since they decided not to get Greatjon back and show any of the other banner lords after season 1.=( Yeah HBO doesn't seem to be putting any emphasis on other Northern houses aside from the ones involved in major plot lines (Bolton/Karstark). Still sad about the Greatjon.
431	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Are they combining Shireen and Patchface?Doesn't patchface say/sing something like what shireen sings at the end.
432	Bayard	2013-04-29	I liked this episode A LOT!! The duel, Arya, Robb, Tyrion, all of them perfect. Sure, they destroyed Loras, but who cares about him??? Selyse was shocking, but not out of character. You could see Stannis does love his daughter, that's a huge plus for him on screen. Selyse was perfect, a great addition to the cast.
Oh, and Jaime - Brienne ... PERFECTION!!
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 29 April 2013 - 12:09 AM.
433	ckal	2013-04-29	Interesting that Robb isn't going to the Freys because he wants to head back North. He's going to the Freys because he needs more men. Possibly they're downplaying the importance of the Twins as being the key to the Neck, or perhaps they're playing up Robb as a doofus who doesn't know when to cut his losses.I think the latter is possible. It seems Robb may be getting desperate with his frustration starting to show and influence his decisions. But who knows what happens between now and then, and if any other reasons arise along the way.
434	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-29	The bath scene was one of my favorite scenes of the series. Nikolaj nailed it. Brienne and Jaime have amazing character development.
They redeemed Stannis which was sort of good. I thought the show wasn't portraying him correctly but the scene worked. The fetuses were creepy.
I thought Barristan and Mormont were a little too chummy but their argument at the end put them where I imagined in the book (arguing).
That sword fight was messy but in a good way. Sometimes when sword fights are too well fought you get the feeling they were staged. I liked the battle a lot.
And I liked Robb's scenes too. Never liked Robb in the book because we rarely saw his perspective.
And the ending was strong, with Tywin dominating his children.
The one thing I didn't like was the scene with Loras. I always had the impression that he was honestly in love with Renly and would never love again. I know sex doesn't equal love but I still didn't like it. But since we never see his perspective I guess it could have happened.
435	Bronn Stone	2013-04-29	I totally dug the episode, though it should have been called "Hot Tub Throne Machine".
Patchereen is awesome.   A more interesting character than either Patchface or Shireen.
I'm assuming that the loss of the Freys is part of the idea that Robb lost half his horse, not just the Karstarks.
Nikolaj totally nailed his Aerys speech.  I didn't even miss Rossart.
436	rmholt	2013-04-29	Did I hear Robb say they were in King;s Landing while explaining the map to Talisa?  Of course they were at Riverrun.  Damn I guess I have to watch again.  Isnt the guy doing Edmure perfect?
437	rmholt	2013-04-29	The bath scene was one of my favorite scenes of the series. Nikolaj nailed it. Brienne and Jaime have amazing character development.The one thing I didn't like was the scene with Loras. I always had the impression that he was honestly in love with Renly and would never love again. I know sex doesn't equal love but I still didn't like it. But since we never see his perspective I guess it could have happened.I LOVED the sword fight.  I like a nice tight butt so the Loras scene was OK by me.
438	rmholt	2013-04-29	it was ballsOr onions /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
439	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-29	Shush up dudes, finally the girls get thrown a bone with those two handsome fellows hooking up.Agreed -- the bath scene was phenomenal. I loved how Jaime's voice grew hoarser as he got more emotional and lightheaded. I don't think Brienne's backside was a body double -- the armor just makes her look a lot thicker. She's quite thin.Oh, and the Sansa and Littlefinger scene -- I love how they're laying the groundwork. Something about that scene was just...soo....creeeeepy. Since LF was the one who communicated the plot to Tywin, I totally bet he was doing a little "muahahaha, Sansa is still mine!" after he left the room. I need to ask some non bookreaders if they thought that scene was skeazy. "Petyr."Last random detail I loved was Stannis' look of terrified surprise when Shireen threw herself at him.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 29 April 2013 - 12:29 AM.
440	BlueDragon	2013-04-29	Because they want to keep Rob on the screen as long as possible, the Red Wedding may be rewritten.  I don't think so, but it wouldn't shock me to see a major deviation from the books at that point.  This would make a lot of people crazy mad.
441	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-29	The ninth episode is The Rains of Castamere. I don't think there will be a deviation.
442	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	how would t hey rewrite it?
443	Bayard	2013-04-29	Because they want to keep Rob on the screen as long as possible, the Red Wedding may be rewritten.  I don't think so, but it wouldn't shock me to see a major deviation from the books at that point.  This would make a lot of people crazy mad.What makes you think they want to keep Robb on screen?? Did they give him that much material this season?? not really. Actually I am fairly sure they I are excited to do the RW in all its glory.
444	rmholt	2013-04-29	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Because they want to keep Rob on the screen as long as possible, the Red Wedding may be rewritten.  I don't think so, but it wouldn't shock me to see a major deviation from the books at that point.  This would make a lot of people crazy mad.I dont understand that.  If they dont kill off popular characters they might as well just stop filming.
445	Minsc	2013-04-29	Because they want to keep Rob on the screen as long as possible, the Red Wedding may be rewritten.  I don't think so, but it wouldn't shock me to see a major deviation from the books at that point.  This would make a lot of people crazy mad.Haven't D&D admitted that the Red Wedding sequence is what made them want to adapt ASoIaF?  Thus I doubt they will change it.
446	Kasrith	2013-04-29	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.I'm with everyone on the spy (Talisa) thing, but this is common war practice. They knew Robb was at Riverrun, they must have scouts around who saw the Karstarks leaving. There isn't much of a mystery in this one.
447	teemo	2013-04-29	This was by far my favorite episode since probably something from season 1.  Maybe not quite (Blackwater), but it was stellar.  I even liked it a lot more than last week, and I'm one of those crazy book purist people.  And I usually really really hate Bryan Cogman's episodes, but this was....fantastic.  I was shocked.
I think it was a wise decision to slow down the pacing a little and give us longer scenes.  I was saying last week that with all of these new characters, so many of them and their stories are losing significance and impact because of how little screen time they get.  This was paced so well...longer scenes but we still were able to see plenty of characters.  And some of the best at that.  I felt like for people who have been feeling disconnected/distant from the characters, this was a great way to kind of slow down a bit and mend that.
Also, soooo much was pulled straight from the books, and when they do that it always makes for some of the show's best dialogue, and I wish they did it more often.  There were not THAT many book deviations this week, and the ones that were didn't bug the hell out of me like they usually do.  For the first time in awhile I wasn't thinking all of the time, "God this was such a POINTLESS deviation," but more like, "this is a great way to translate this scene to television."  Damn.
I think the Karstark/Robb scene was done very well and it really was a great reminder of how much Robb can be like his father.  They also did it in a way that didn't make Robb look like a total dick.  Showing the murder of the little boys makes it much easier to not sympathize with Karstark, even though in the show one of his sons was murdered by Jaime rather than killed in battle.  Robb is starting to finally be a little more likable again.
Shireen/Patchface combo was really great fan service and awesome choice of credits.  A++++ to whoever thought of that. The greyscale was also really nicely done and Shireen is adorable.
Jorah being sneaky around Barristan was nice, I wonder if everyone picked up on that. 
The fight scene between the hound vs. beric was obviously awesome and Maisie is such a great actress.
Jaime talking about what happened in KL that day was very well-done and really necessary.
Oh, and I LOVED how Roose Bolton screwed with Jaime by sort of pretending his sissy was dead.  It really shows Roose's mean streak.
Yayyyy finally an episode I'm truly happy about!
448	ohpooratlas	2013-04-29	Really loved this episode.
My immediate thoughts:
* Tywin Lannister is a BOSS.  The end.
* I really loved Shireen.  And I love that she is the one that introduces the Davos learning to read plotline.  She was adorable and a nice contrast to the religious zealotry of Selyse.  I think at this point she will be the only thing to humanize Stanis. 
* The Hound/Beric scene was amazing.  I love Arya more and more with each episode.  She's losing everyone around her which is going to make it all the worse when we get to the RW.
* Robb Stark is a sweet summer child for thinking that the FREYS of all people will be the ones to save him in the end.  I LOLed so hard when he said that. 
* Really, really glad Sansa is not the one to reveal the Tyrell plot to Baelish.  She clearly does not trust Baelish.  She's beginning to learn how to play the game now (not that it matters! bwahaha!)
* Jaime/Brienne's bathtub scene was FLAWLESS.  That's all I have to say.  I just about lost it when he said "my name is Jaime" out loud. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
The only thing that I didn't really like about the episode was the Jon Snow/Ygritte scene (or rather ... everything after The Lord's Kiss.)  It just seemed too sudden, probably due in large part that they did not have an opportunity to develop their relationship at all this season.  And I loved this scene in the books, so it bummed me out a little.
Last note: Shireen singing Patchface's song over the credits.  Everyone keeps saying it was creepy but I thought it was strangely ... beautiful?  I don't know, I'm weird.  But I was definitely thinking "That's Patchface's song!"  Do we have a translation of it yet?
449	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-29	Ok WOW!
- Hound Beric Duel was great!
- Jon and Ygritte was good stuff, Jon happy and not so uptight was nice
- Arya and the Brotherhood material was powerful
- Shireen's grey-scale looked wicked, but the baby tubes weird!
- The Final scene with the three Lannisters was top notch!
- And my favorite scene was the Jamie and Brianne bathtub i was riveted!
Lastly Shireen singing Patchface material? AWSOME I KNOW I KNOW
450	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Shireen was awesome, but Stannis' interaction with her was unintentional comedy.
"yeah so Davos is a traitor and he'll rot in a cell. Oh jeez, lookatthetime I gotta go. Don't touch me bye"
------
Did they reduce Edric Storm to being a dead fetus in a jar?
------
Arya was fantastic. Gendry told her she'd be his lady and the next scene she's still consumed with vengeance & her thoughts return to Ned.
					
					
							Edited by Vegeta_Greyjoy, 29 April 2013 - 12:56 AM.
451	Jediabiwan	2013-04-29	Great episode.  Bath scene was amazing as everyone said, but my favorite part was the opening duel and revival.   Only part i didn't really like and was confused by was why they chose Loras for Cersi's husband.  Does it seem strange to anyone else that she was told to marry the brother of her son's fiance?  I mean i know they had crazy marriages back then, but that still just seems so wrong.
452	sertravisredbeard	2013-04-29	Yessss!  That duel was one of the main reasons I wanted to see this book on screen.  The firesword was pretty amazing. Plus I'm really included that scene Arya had asking Thoros if he could back a man that only died once.  Friggin' heartbreaking.
Shireen's a cute little girl, even with the greyscale.  I think that will be confusing for non-book readers, just exactly what she has.  I like that they're combining her with Pylos and Patchface, and she's teaching Davos to read.  Her version of Patchface's song is way better than Patchface himself singing it would be too.
					
					
							Edited by sertravisredbeard, 29 April 2013 - 12:58 AM.
453	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-29	Oh oh, one detail I loved. You can see the family resemblance between Roose and Ramsay. When Roose was trolling Jaime about his sister...House Trollton is alive and well.
454	Frumpus	2013-04-29	The red wedding is the only reason they're showing Robb so much in the first place. If he lived longer in the books they probably would not have bothered showing him so much in S2 and S3.
455	MoAt	2013-04-29	I am using this post to go on record with my predictions regarding not how the show will change the books, but rather to note where I think Martin's story is going.1. Arya and Gendry are going to have a romance if not be a married couple.  That dialog between them tonight was absolutely dead on as a foreshawdowing of this.  Gendry was asserting his need not only to be free of a master/serf relationship but also his need not to be subservient to Arya.  I am not claiming that they have feelings for one another in a romantic way right now, that would be creepy and out of character for both of them, but they will.  They are a natural pair.  When Gendry learns he is a Baratheon, he is going to change his idea of himself.  I don't mean he is going to think like a Lord, quite the opposite.  He may even 'accept' what he is but reject the idea of lording it over anyone which totally matches Arya's idea of how she would like to live her life, not as a great lady, but as a woman who makes decisions for herself about how she wants to live.  And knowing he is her social equal is going to give him the emotional confidence to both allow himself to feel his attracton to her and maybe even pursue her.  He is aware he cannot be her family now, but he will know differently later.2. Daenerys and Jon are going to be a riveting pair once they finally meet.  I don't know if they will be given a happy ending, but they are going to recognize what they are to one another in a big way and it is going to register as a physical and spiritual attraction.  They will marry if Martin wants to give anyone a 'happy' ending.  But it will be much like Frodo's happy ending, that is they will both be haunted for life because of what they have had to do and had done to them.3. Sorry to tell those who love Stannis, but he is a creep and is surrounded by creeps.  Maybe he isn't entirely responsible for his dark side, but it is there and he will never, ever get to sit on the Iron throne unless it is about to be destroyed. His agony is apparent in this episode; he knows he is not what he should be.  Dany's 'dream' of the destroyed throne room suggest to me that she will arrive in King's Landing after it is already destroyed, perhaps after Stannis sits on it and precipitates its destruction.  4. Dany's is in no way the evil queen some on this board suggest.  Both the actress and the script are making that crystal clear.  She will have more dark crises, and she will make huge mistakes with her dragons, but those mistakes in Essos are part of her training for leadership of the battle to come in Westeros against the Others.  She is going to have to learn how to control her dragons and how not to make serious leadership mistakes.  This is the reason DWD ends with her standing next to Drogon about to be confronted and/or supported by Dothraki.   The battle against the others will involve an alliance between former antagonists.  I don't see many Dothraki crossing over into Westeros, but perhaps they will be her reserve force or a key number of them will cross the narrow sea with her.  Ultimately, she may 'reform' their culture from its mysognism, but it won't be a genuine reform.  5. Two strains of magic will be revealed clearly by the end of the series.  Tolkein's universe is being repeated in this sense.  The Red God or some of his minions.will turn out to be evil.  In other words, the god may have been misinterpreted by his followers.  I cannot see Beric as evil, but he is compromised in some way and this episode made that clear.  Flame away: this is here as a record which I am bookmarking.  I am not so nice as not to say: I told  you so.   /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />I can totally see all that happening. Bravo.
456	JoePescisBoss	2013-04-29	Clearly the best Episode of the season yet. One great scene after another.
Stannis daughter was just lovely, the shot on Davos' face as he looks at her while she is trying to teach him read: phenomenal!
And Arya showed again why she is my fav character.
457	teemo	2013-04-29	Okay, I take back my "I usually hate Bryan Cogman's" stuff, I must be thinking of someone else, obviously.
458	bluemoon	2013-04-29	Fantastic episode, did we get a new city in the opening credits as well?
459	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	Seleyse keeping the fetus' was a genuine wtf moment for me.
460	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Oh oh, one detail I loved. You can see the family resemblance between Roose and Ramsay. When Roose was trolling Jaime about his sister...House Trollton is alive and well.Forgot about that. So evil.-----The entire Shireen/Patchface song on the end credits is pretty awful, I must say.
461	Edtard	2013-04-29	Tywin wants cersie to wed Loras for the support of highgarden, but as the queen of thorns so thoroughly pointed out, they are already extremely invested in the lannister cause. Seems a bit redundant. Maybe he just want to rid himself of cersies arrogance but you'd think tywin the clever lannister he is would make a better investment with his only daughter. A bid for the support of dorne perhaps. But then again he is clearly no tyrion who is in fact lan the clever reborn
					
					
							Edited by Edtard, 29 April 2013 - 01:20 AM.
462	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-04-29	Great episode that really helped to build and establish the characters. 
It's kind of naive to think that Loras wouldn't have had sex with anyone else after Renly's passing. What he says in public and what he does behind closed doors are two different things. Also, sleeping with another person doesn't diminish his love for Renly's memory. I honestly don't think this change was that big of a deal.
I absolutely loved the final scene between the Lannisters. Their family dynamic is one of the best aspects of the series, both books and TV show. I just wonder how the show fans reacted to this. See, when I read this in the book this was actually the first time that I felt a twinge of pity for Cersei. I knew she was an evil shrew, but I don't like seeing any woman being bought and sold like so much chattel. But I think a lot of show fans will see this moment as Cersei getting a bit of a comeuppance for her cruel treatment of Tyrion.
463	Joey Beers	2013-04-29	Hmmm, during the episode I found myself saying "what the hell?" too many times. It always happens at least once when the show deviates from the text in some significant way, but tonight it happened more than I would like to abide. That being said, by the end of the episode I was happy to have seen it. That says something right there, right? Even with the unpredictable changes to the story, the show still manages to be enticing and great to watch.
Breakdown:
I thought tQoT was awesome as usual. After tonight's scene with her and Tyrion, I kind of wish there was more sparring between those two in the books.
Jamie's revealing account of his role at the end of Rob's Rebellion was done pretty well. Great acting, only tainted in my mind through lack of the back story the readers are privy to. As a side note, that scene was a glut(e) of buttocks.
Robb's "revelation" about how to bolster his army by reconciling with the Freys was devastating because we know the result. It was also a great way to help the tv viewer realize later on that the RW was Robb's fault. Since they romanticized his courting of that one girl who isn't in the book, showing him making a decision in a moment of strategic epiphany is a good way to show his flaws.
The Dondarrion v Clegane fight was fine. Didn't find anything to bitch about or to praise really.
Glad Jon and Ygritte got some scenes, but for some reason the show has yet to give Jon the depth I've been hoping for.
Arya's a killer /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Also, seeing Jorah Mormont and Barristen Selmy kind of engage in a battle of wits makes me want to hit my brain right in the head. Not exactly sure why.
Anyway, good stuff, but last week was much better in my opinion.
Oh yeah, anytime Dany speaks Valyrian I feel it in my bones. I never really thought about it reading the books, but until we meet Aegon, no other contender for the throne seems as worldly as Dany. Language and travel just make you seem legit as hell. Which is why I wake up every day and look in the mirror and say, "hello", "bonjour", "hola", "ni hao", before easing into my morning robe and perusing the Journal, which is what I call this forum...
					
					
							Edited by Joey Beers, 29 April 2013 - 02:01 AM.
464	rmholt	2013-04-29	Fantastic episode, did we get a new city in the opening credits as well?Yunkai
465	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Great episode that really helped to build and establish the characters.It's kind of naive to think that Loras wouldn't have had sex with anyone else after Renly's passing. What he says in public and what he does behind closed doors are two different things. Also, sleeping with another person doesn't diminish his love for Renly's memory. I honestly don't think this change was that big of a deal.I absolutely loved the final scene between the Lannisters. Their family dynamic is one of the best aspects of the series, both books and TV show. I just wonder how the show fans reacted to this. See, when I read this in the book this was actually the first time that I felt a twinge of pity for Cersei. I knew she was an evil shrew, but I don't like seeing any woman being bought and sold like so much chattel. But I think a lot of show fans will see this moment as Cersei getting a bit of a comeuppance for her cruel treatment of Tyrion.Did you not feel pity for the Unsullied?
466	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-29	Tywin wants cersie to wed Loras for the support of highgarden, but as the queen of thorns so thoroughly pointed out, they are already extremely invested in the lannister cause. Seems a bit redundant. Maybe he just want to rid himself of cersies arrogance but you'd think tywin the clever lannister he is would make a better investment with his only daughter. A bid for the support of dorne perhaps. But then again he is clearly no tyrion who is in fact lan the clever rebornThey've all ready bethrothed Myrcella to Trystane Martell for that purpose. I mean the Martells aren't stupid they've heard/know most if not all of the rumors, Myrcella's surname might be Baratheon, but the Martell's along with everyone else in the realm know she represents the Lannisters in terms of an alliance formed through marriage.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 29 April 2013 - 01:37 AM.
467	Minsc	2013-04-29	Shireen was awesome, but Stannis' interaction with her was unintentional comedy."yeah so Davos is a traitor and he'll rot in a cell. Oh jeez, lookatthetime I gotta go. Don't touch me bye". Isn't that the best feature of Stannis in the books?  In how he has so many great lines that just come off as unintentional comedy.
468	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-29	Shireen teaching Davos to read with the history of the Targ book will also mean a lot of opportunity for history info dump about the Targs.
469	sillent	2013-04-29	I really hope Bryan Cogman gets to write more than 1 episode each season.. this was my fav episode of the season (even though Dany took fav scene last ep)
470	JMJ	2013-04-29	I loved this episode.
Random thoughts:
- Loved the Grey Worm speech. In Valyrian. 
- Nice small fan-nod with Shireen's teaching Stannis to read: the first word is Aegon - "the first part, Aeg, sounds like Egg"
- The Petyr/Sansa scene - his creepiness kept making me think of the Eyrie snow-Winterfell scene. Can't wait to see that.
- Jon's confrontation with Orell - he makes fun of Orell's warging, with the what happens to your eagle if I kill you line - nice foreshadowing of the Varamyr ADWD prologue and the question on everyone's mind - does Jon warg into Ghost after his stabbing?
- The Jaime/Brienne bath scene was PERFECT!!!
-  Shireen makes me tear up - she is just the cutest!
- Arya/Gendry - heartbreaking. Arya's comments about wishing Ned was alive even if in an Un-Beric state - I may be reading too much into it, but it made me think of both Un-Cat coming up, and Arya and her dealings with death as a FM apprentice.
471	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Absolutely loved this episode.
Roose Bolton is really starting to stand out.
Adored the human Stannis
NCW!!!!! Give that motherfucker an Emmy!
472	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-29	Just seen it. Awesome. Loved every second.
Kerry Ingram as Shireen was really, really good. Her interactions with Davos were adorable.
Bath scene was phenomenal. And Maisie was magnificent. Lannisters at the end were awesome too. All the Loras/Littlefinger/Sansa stuff happened so quickly!
Disappointed with Lord's Kiss scene. Only in that I would have liked to see Jon as naked as Ygritte.
473	MoAt	2013-04-29	When I turned the episode eon I immediately thought that there would be no way that the show would three-peat; three exceptional episodes in a row.  WRONG!  Not only was it exceptional, but it may have been the best episode of the season.What I liked:The Cave of Fire and Snow: One of my tope-ten scenes is the scene between Ygritte and Jon Snow where they come together and really evolve as a couple.  Jon Snow jumps into his life with Ygritte and Yigritte shows real heart and soul; and they both prove they want the other.  This scene completely capture that romance and that humanity of the two and it makes you want them to succeed- in everything they do.The Humanity of Stannis Baratheon:Lois Griffin: (Seeing her child Stewie with a person tied up and apparently torturing them) STEWIE! What are you doing?Stewie: We<U+0080><U+0099>re playing House (quickly glances at the person he is torturing) Roman Polanski<U+0080><U+0099>s house.-Famil GUyWatching Stannis try to be a normal person in the face of his... horrifying home life was almost as painful as watching his fleet on fire.  However<U+0080> maybe for the first time<U+0080> they nailed it.  For starters, Stannis regrets some of his decisions, and even regrets betraying his Wife; his wife?  Well<U+0080> she<U+0080><U+0099>s a bit <U+0080> touched?  For starters, she is okay with it, second she is enamored by Mel; third she keeps her dead babies.  Fourth, she may or may not keep her only child locked up in a tower, which is equal parts good thinking nad fucking terrifying.And in case you missed it- she keeps the dead bodies of her three still-born babies in floating in green liquid... in her chambers... where she sleeps...But here<U+0080><U+0099>s the thing: she knew how to talk to Stannis.  She gets it!  And she gets him (I thought it was wonderful when she just called him <U+0080><U+009C>Stannis<U+0080><U+009D>, and it appeared to disarm him).  She wants Stannis to succeed and is standing by him.  She completely brushes his guilt aside.  All the while she stares at her <U+0080><U+009C>boys.<U+0080><U+009D>  Stannis also gets HER!  He genuinely feels bad for her; he GENUINELY sympathies with her; he GENUINELY wants others to respect her- and he wants to give her the respect she deserves, going so far as to ask her permission to see hius daughter.And all the while we see the pain and misery these people have lived with.Stannis with his child was, maybe, the best scene with Stannis since he stormed a beach apparently by himself.  Shireen<U+0080><U+0099>s explosion of unconditional love and affection <U+0080> FOR STANNIS was as surprising as it was natural.  What little girl does not love her daddy?  Even if that daddy is the most socially inept and cold-hearted person in the seven kingdoms.And the fact that that little girl sang that song was<U+0080> perfect.The Dog and the Dead Man: I liked the Hound<U+0080><U+0099>s redemption.  For starters, I liked that that fight was- almost move-for-move <U+0080><U+0093> identical to the book and that it had this in-your-face element of death, death death.  That was a dangerous fight between dangerous men and they ate the scene up.  I also continue to enjoy this reimagined Hound- not the whimpering and angry Hound of the book, but the more ferrel and the more black-humored one.The Lion, the Wolf, and the Burden of Rule:   There are two powers still truly at war: the Lannisters and the Starks.  And the episode detailed how the two sides are waging it.  I thought Robb acted 100% perfectly and correctly: you cannot allow a lord like Karstark to act out of line like that and expect others to follow.  You have to remove that corruption root and stem.   So I am a little perplexed if the show is couching Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s decision as a mistake; I hope not, when his ACTUAL mistake was to, you know, break his oath.Meanwhile, back with the sid eiwnning the war, Tywin ahs a family and that family will do exactly as he commands while he slowly <U+0080><U+009C>chips away<U+0080><U+009D> and Robb Stark by doing nothing.  Tywin is playing everyone and its about time Cersei and Tyrion learn to dance along.  Everyone played that scene perfectly.Because ruling comes with a price.  Sometimes you have to marry somebody you don't like; sometimes your kids are idiots; and sometimes you have to kill the guy who killed your enemy's children.  Because its EASY to criticize, but King's don't criticize.  They rule.  Robb and Tywin are rulling.The Lord Commander and the Slaver: I loved the few minutes we got with Dany and her advisors; even Mormont recalling his knighting.  And I loved that they kept the Grey Worm scene.  I think the show is doing a BETTER job with the Selmy-Mormont relationship than the books, and even shows why Mormont is so distant;  Because he<U+0080><U+0099>s hiding.The KIngslayer and the Wench: You kill that.  You kill the mad man who wants to burn the city down and you do it as soon as you can.  You don<U+0080><U+0099>t wait around for others to negotiate; or to fight with honor; or to get the children to safety.  No.  You kill the pyromancer first and then you kill Aerys the Mad.  That<U+0080><U+0099>s honor.  And it does not matter if Arthur Dayne or Ned Stark think so or not. Because SOMEBODY had to kill Aerys.  And Jaime Lannister was the only guy who had the guts to do it.  And what was his reward? Scorn.Because did any of us EVERY think Ned Stark wanted to hear Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s side of the story?  Really?  I have been saying since I first read SoS that Jaime was right to do what he did and Ned Stark loves judging other people, to the point of absurdity.And all the while, she is looking at him and her eyes screaming <U+0080><U+009C>No<U+0080>.<U+0080><U+009D> and the whole while the steam, the steam the steam<U+0080> smoke smoke smoke.Kissed by fire<U+0080>.What I Am On the Fence about:The Queen of Thorns and Hammy Writing:  I like Lady Olenna and I enjoy her scenes in bite sized portions.  But <U+0080> every week it appears to be the same thing: Lady Olenna sits down next to an established character; the established character immediately losses all the intellect, charm, wit and danger they possessed up to the moment they met Lady Olenna and act ham-handed, clumsy, foolish and boarder-line stupid.  Started with Sansa, continued with Cersei, reached ridiculous heights with Varys and culminated this week in the show utterly neutering its best character<U+0080> all to make Olenna seemed smart.  This week was the worst because Tyrion is the best character on the show and to make him seem tongue-tied, awkward, clumsy and intimidated by her is utterly out of place.Again, it<U+0080><U+0099>s not that bad; after all, would we want just another terrible character fopr the champions of Westeros to just intellectually beat up? Of course not.  At the same time- it would be nice if the characters we knew acted, sounded, spoke, or even seemed like the characters who we thought they were and not card-board cut outs.  It seems rather lazy.What I did not like:Can<U+0080><U+0099>t find anything.  And I am STUNNED That for the second week in a row I could not find something I did NOT like.For three episodes in a row, the show has put up HUGE numbers!  Fantastic ability to really integrate the best parts of the books into the show and do it seamlessly.Now.. can they go four-for-four?ThHis was the best episode of the season.Totally agree with everything except about The Queen of Thornes. (Especially the Kingslayer and the Wench. You nailed that!)Every (adult) smart character (so far, with the exception of Margaery because she knows better), who shares a scene with her, makes the prejudicial mistake of taking her for a doddering old women, when in fact she is the smartest person in the room, with likely a Lisbeth Salander-level photographic memory, who is too old to put up with other people's bullshit. She hasn't the time, nor the patience. And I LOVE HER for that.
474	Dove	2013-04-29	God, the Hound's trial by combat was fucking incredible. Loved the choreography, the acting, everything. And everything that followed, of course.
475	Volantis	2013-04-29	And then there's the Loras scene. That's a shared second place for worst travesty of the show (#1 is the House of the undying, the other #2 is Catelyn's and Talisa's scene about Jon) and its a complete character assassination.I agree. Its only been about a few months since Renly died. In another way, it only adds to the misconception that gay people are promiscuous.
476	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	I agree. Its only been about a few months since Renly died. In another way, it only adds to the misconception that gay people are promiscuous.Having sex with one man, months after your lover dies is promiscuous? People have needs you know. He'll have plenty of time to not have sex when he's in the Kingsguard. Anyway, it's not like there was much character to assassinate.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 29 April 2013 - 01:51 AM.
477	JMJ	2013-04-29	I like the way they are slowly, but surely showing Tyrion lose his sense of control. Taking a fig after the QOT's comments about how they help her bowels was a nice touch.
478	sertravisredbeard	2013-04-29	Dillane did some good acting with that one-sided grimace he made while he was dealing with his wife and daughter.  Brienne's facial expressions while listening to Jaime's retelling of his greatest moment were poignant.  
Ygritte was one hottie truly kissed by fire (and now ice). hahaha.  But I was a little confused about how well that cave was lit up with one torch.  I could complain about it not being realistic but that's stupid.  
I'm totally on the Talisa-honeypot bandwagon.  In the books all of the older Westerlings did the same thing, so they're just streamlining it in the show.  Sybelle Westerling and her brother Rolph Spicer set her daughter up to seduce Robb (intentionally on her part or not).  Pretty much the same thing is happening, just with less complicated characters for the audience to remember.
Roose's delivery of the news from King's Landing was hilarious.  Letting Jaime hang their for so long without knowing was cold.  
Barristan is stringing Jorah on.  He knows Jorah was the one feeding Robert info on Dany.  We'll still get the Dany/Jorah rift later on, if not in this season but the next.
I'd almost feel sorry for Cersei the way she's treated by her father, but we've all seen the shady shit she pulls.  It was telling to show that Tyrion was the only one to say how straight up cruel it is for them to make Sansa marry in to their family after the way she's been treated by Joffrey and Cersei.  And it showed how heartless Tywin is when it comes to promoting his precious family name.  Him and Cersei both deserve what happens to them.
Overall awesome episode.  They keep getting better.
479	irenadel	2013-04-29	For those of you who are complaining about Loras fooling around with another man, sex doesn't equal love. We never get his POV in the books, so we can't be 100% certain that he never slept with anyone after Renly's death.I'm usually on board with a lot of changes they make, especially those about eliminating book characters to streamline the story. I'm not even mad at the lack of Willas, it makes sense. Same here, it's not the sex or even the concept of "using known network of whore-spies" for Littlefinger.... I think the problem is the tone of the scene.Loras seems too carefree and too similar to how he was with Renly. And last season he had a couple of really nice lines of grief "What do you want most in the world?" "Revenge". Clearly TV!Loras was affected by Renly's death. I'm not saying someone can't drown his grief in sex or try for a little human companionship. But there is just no sense of that grief here and unfortunately...Well despite the relationship not being explicit in the books,GRRM does manage to score a really good point for homosexuality. There's a big stereotype saying gay men are fickle and promiscuous and that somehow homosexual love is just about gratification and not about something like deep "heterosexual" love. Book!Loras was a huge mark against that stereotype of popular culture. Book!Loras mourned, in a very young way, he acted exactly like a teen in love would act, straight or gay. And this grief and devotion, that even Jaime Lannister saw, just seems completely absent from TV!Loras.I would have been totally into that scene if we could see the grief. Maybe a Loras who is all bitterly complaining about the marriage, looking for a sympathetic ear, or a Loras who is all like, shut up, you're not here to talk, or a Loras who is trying desperately to act carefree but on whom you can see the despair leeking through. I was on board with how unaffected Loras seemed during all his other scenes, because that was his public persona. Evidently the Tyrell siblings know how to pull off successful public personas. But this was a private moment, exactly the perfect moment to show grief.
480	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	To all those who complained about the "butchery of Qhorin Halfhand" last year:
You see, today's episode proved D&D right. They needed to flesh out Ygritte, in order to make her falling for Jon more solid, since, as you may have noticed, there was ABSOLUTELY no time to develop her carachter in this season. So they had to create all those new scenes with her an Jon last year in order to lay the ground for their chemistry. And still their romance feels a bit rushed, even after all those scenes they have been in last season! Imagine if they hadn't dropped Qhorin's and Jon's running chapters. Another ENTIRE storyline, with Jon and Ygritte falling in love, would have needed to be fleshed out this season, and there would have been no time at all, as you can all see. While, given what they've done, they actually did not show Ygritte for 2 or 3 weeks, and still showed a believable and solid love scene.
Yes, Qhorin's chapters would have been amazing on screen. Still, they HAD to be dropped, for the sake of carachter development of more important carachters.
I salute you, D&D.
481	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-04-29	My comments.
-Shireen was adorable
-I thought Selyse was a lot less bitchy than in the books, but the fetuses made up for it in creepiness
-Beric vs. The Hound was awesome, especially Sandor frantically trying to smash his burning shield.
-Jorah & Barristan was awesome
-Brienne and Jamie could probably not have been done better.
-Nice to see Edmure being seemingly more resonable and less stupid while talking to Robb. The execution scene was also nice.
-The guy who plays Roose Bolton just stepped up his game a notch. The line about Cersei being alright was brilliant
.
-Finally, the nudity of this paricukar episode seemed very balanced bewteen the genders. Also, Rose Leslie is gorgeous.
					
					
							Edited by The_Gallows_Knight, 29 April 2013 - 02:38 AM.
482	WinterfellRose	2013-04-29	I loved the episode, even more than last weeks'.
Some random thoughts:
Beric vs. Hound - amazing. Straight from the books. I did not think this will be the first scene, always imagined ressurected Beric as a cliffhanger, but it worked. I think this was the first time we hear Hound's real name, Sandor, on the show. 
And Arya - I too teared up when she told Gendry they could be family.
Best thing about this one was Shireen - adorable ,cute, seems cheerful even with grayscale. Second time I teared up was when Stannis told her Davos is a traitor rotting in a cell. Oh and that Patchface song was way better than that god-awful punk version of Bear and the Maiden Fair.
Dead babies in the jars - well I've seen the pictures before, and I was dreading this bit ,but it turned out to be not so bad after all. I wonder how you people propose to replace the leeches with them - taking them out of the jars and burn..eww...too gross, would they show that on TV?
So, they changed Robb's strategy a bit. Now he needs Freys because he needs more men. Someone upthread mentioned that he gained Freys in S1, so where are they? I guess they left when he married Talisa, I just wish it was mentioned on the show, same as with the Karstarks leaving his side.
It looks like Lannisters are really winning at all fronts: Dorne allegiance via Myrcella; Reach allegiance via Margery and Loras, Vale via Petyr and Lisa.... Riverlands and North soon to fall cause Bolton..... then gaining North via Sansa and Riverlands via Freys... and Iron Islands are probably too insignificant for Tywin to bother with just now..  His scene with Tyrion and Cersei was brilliant.
About Loras - I am on board with those who say that he just has needs and having sex with another man does not mean he did not love Renly. When he asked that squire (Olyvar -another book drop btw.) 'how did you know?'; I half expected the squire to say 'The whole realm knows...' - cause you know that's how they made it look on the show......
Jon's story still feels a bit rushed for me. I liked the cave scene and all, I just think he needs more time on screen. I wonder if this is because that issue with Kit's broken ankle during shooting, thus not having enough time to fit in more stuff.
This season really gets better and better each week, looking forward to next one....
483	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Isn't that the best feature of Stannis in the books?  In how he has so many great lines that just come off as unintentional comedy.Yeah but it was more so the face he made just before he got up and left...Stannis farted on Shireen's bed, I know oh-oh.
484	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-29	My one issue. What the heck would be accomplished by marrying cersei to Loras . They are already creating an alliance with highgarden with the royal wedding. Seems like a waste to me.In the book Tywin cycled through possible choices which included Robert Arryn and Theon Greyjoy. Besides Loras already announced he was joining the Kingsguard and Joffrey accepted.I don't think is for alliances but to get ride of Cersei.In books, he suggests Willas but then Mace reffuses, calling Cersei too "old and used up" (Please, let QoT say this....). Tywin didn't let Cersei know as he wouldn't let her now that he's marrying her so she would go away.
485	LNorsworthy	2013-04-29	I've looked through the thread and couldn't find an answer to this question, but did Selyse refer to one of the stillborn sons as Edric?
As in Edric Storm?
EDIT:  Nevermind, I found it and yes she did.  That's a cool nod to the books on the writers part IMO
					
					
							Edited by LNorsworthy, 29 April 2013 - 02:55 AM.
486	NickyM	2013-04-29	[Snip]Only part i didn't really like and was confused by was why they chose Loras for Cersi's husband.  Does it seem strange to anyone else that she was told to marry the brother of her son's fiance?  I mean i know they had crazy marriages back then, but that still just seems so wrong.Considering the incest that Cersi has been involved with no.  Tywin thinking more of the efficency over intermingling of the family trees, I don't see that as a real issue.  I do think it's  funny that the mother of the king will be the sister in law (by marriage) to the king.Also I think getting Cersi to a place that has just as much manipulation as she does is a good idea.  if it wasn't for the fact that the Tryells are cunning and can see through Cersi's crap, Tywin might have to think twice before having her wed the heir to the 2nd most powerful family.  He's sending his viper daughter to go live with vipers.  I love the simplicity of that.
					
					
							Edited by NickyM, 29 April 2013 - 03:12 AM.
487	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	The Hound/Beric fight blows every other fight in GoT out of the water! The choreography and direction was incredible!
They should get Alex Graves back for the Oberyn/Gregor duel.
488	Dove	2013-04-29	I've looked through the thread and couldn't find an answer to this question, but did Selyse refer to one of the stillborn sons as Edric?As in Edric Storm?EDIT:  Nevermind, I found it and yes she did.  That's a cool nod to the books on the writers part IMOYeah, there was a couple cool little nods. Edric, "Aegon - it sounds like Egg", and Shireen singing Patchface's songs being the most obvious ones.
489	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Just realised, I suppose that the stillborns in the jars will replace the leeches, and will be burnt by Melisandre after Davos saves Gendry.(around episode 8 I suppose). That, or they will be burned in order to gain favorable winds to the Wall in season 4.
490	DurararaFTW	2013-04-29	Karstarks and Freys each being able accpunt for half of Robb's forces seems silly to me. Maybe he should have specified that the Riverlords hav all gone to defed their own lands from the Mountain or some such.
491	Sun	2013-04-29	Absolutely loved the episode, except for everything Jon/Ygritte. I find their relationship on the show so unconvincing it feels like a pantomime.  Everything else however was perfect.
Looks like Shireen will be Patchface, which should work really well, I think. Tara Fitzgerald, was great. A vast improvement on book Selyse. Ofcourse Shireen being blond is baffling, considering the "Baratheon: Black of Hair" issue from season 1. Not sure what the creators were thinking there. 
Everything else was perfect. Jaime and Robb's scenes were superb. Absolutely golden. The highlights of the episode. Arya's closeup shots were likewise wonderful.
When Robb mentioned the Freys as part of his plan.A small squeaky "no!" issued from my mouth. My friends watching with me who haven't read the books, turned and looked at me like I had just sprouted a second head. My heart sank at Robb's plan. I can feel the pain of RW already. 
I think if the build-up of Robb as a General with a plan continues the way it was begun tonight, then RW in ep9 will break the internet.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 03:38 AM.
492	NickyM	2013-04-29	Question:  Haven't really read the books.  The only thing that bugged me about Jaime's story was, why was Stark's opinion the only one that mattered?  Could he not have defened his actions to any other house, council member or anything?   I haven't read the books so I'm not sure but was this the first moment the truth of why he did it revealed.  Viewer's and readers knew DragonFire exsisted because of Blackwater.  I also realize they -the people of King'sLanding- may wanted have keep it secret for security purposes, but really did no one really talk about it or investigate it. 
I mean I know many people think Stark was judgemental and honorable to the point of loosing his head over it, but it's hard to fathom that Ned would have continued to fault Jaime if he knew it was to save the people of King's Landing and had nothing to do with politics.
493	Akhipill	2013-04-29	Hey guys, something's been bugging me every time I watch the King's Council scenes (and sorry if it was brought up elsewhere): what happened to Kevan (and Lancel for that matter)? Did they cut them from this season?
494	DurararaFTW	2013-04-29	Question:  Haven't really read the books.  The only thing that bugged me about Jaime's story was, why was Stark's opinion the only one that mattered?  Could he not have defened his actions to any other house, council member or anything?   I haven't read the books so I'm not sure but was this the first moment the truth of why he did it revealed.  Viewer's and readers knew DragonFire exsisted because of Blackwater.  I also realize they -the people of King'sLanding- may wanted have keep it secret for security purposes, but really did no one really talk about it or investigate it.I mean I know many people think Stark was judgemental and honorable to the point of loosing his head over it, but it's hard to fathom that Ned would have continued to fault Jaime if he knew it was to save the people of King's Landing and had nothing to do with politics.Ned was the first man to enter the throneroom (other then Lannister mooks), just when Jaime was taking a break from Kingslaying on the Iron Throne.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 29 April 2013 - 03:49 AM.
495	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-04-29	Man Grey Worm was scrawny. 
Removing Dontos has messed up the pacing of Littlefinger's departure...seems like he has been leaving for three episodes...and unless they move the PW up, he is going to be still around the rest of the season isnt he?
496	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Did anybody else notice that the theme playing during Karstark's execution was the same one that was used when Theon beheaded Rodrik? I thought it was a bit of a strange choice, since the theme was titled 'Pay the Iron Price', but oh well, it served it's purpose.
497	Ice Turtle	2013-04-29	I really liked how Jorah was trying to figure out how much Barristan knows about his betrayal.
Also: Child: Daddy, look what my friend Davos done for me.
Daddy Stannis: Davos is a traitor he is rotting alive in my dungeons.  
Stannis really has his way with children /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> .
Also conversation between Sansa and LF was great, she was smiling and talking about his well-being while lying right into his face and he of course knew it. 
Some interesting points:
Is there even episode of season 3 where Volantis isn't mentioned? No other free city was given this much attention, not even Braavos.
I wonder why Jon asked Orell what will happen to his eagle when he dies. Does Jon have any suspicion that he or his siblings are wargs?
Why was Arya again mentioned in conversation between Cersei and LF? Build up for the "Arya" plot?
498	Sun	2013-04-29	Question:  Haven't really read the books.  The only thing that bugged me about Jaime's story was, why was Stark's opinion the only one that mattered?  Could he not have defened his actions to any other house, council member or anything?   I haven't read the books so I'm not sure but was this the first moment the truth of why he did it revealed.  Viewer's and readers knew DragonFire exsisted because of Blackwater.  I also realize they -the people of King'sLanding- may wanted have keep it secret for security purposes, but really did no one really talk about it or investigate it.I mean I know many people think Stark was judgemental and honorable to the point of loosing his head over it, but it's hard to fathom that Ned would have continued to fault Jaime if he knew it was to save the people of King's Landing and had nothing to do with politics.The scene in the book differs slightly, but the gist is Ned Stark was the first rebel Lord to find Jaime, and he instantaneously, no questions asked, judged him a traitor . When Jaime saw the reaction from Ned - condemnation, derision in his eyes - his Lannister pride took over, and from that instant on, refused to humble himself by explaining his actions to Ned, or anyone else for that matter. He saw Ned's condemnation as hypocritical and morally superior, and his own actions righteous, and wouldn't humble himself by asking for anyone's, least of all the ever so honorable rebel lords. Also, and most crucially,  once Tywin sacked the city and had Elia and her children murdered, no one would believe that Jaime, son of turncloak opportunist child murdering Tywin, had killed Aerys for any reason other than furthering his father's aims. This is how Ned came to the conclusion that Jaime is nothing more than a dishonorable Kingslayer.
499	Sniraga	2013-04-29	I also thought this was a good episode.The Stannis household dynamics were perhaps the most pleasant surprise. While Selyse with her jars was too much for my taste, the discussion she had with Stannis was delightfully awkward. And Shireen was a darling! I liked how she interacted with both her father and Davos.The scene with Arya and Gendry was heartfelt as well. Really enjoyed the discussion between Jorah and Barristan, too. I don't remember well how Jorah-Barristan relationship was handled in the books, but it seems like more interesting here (perhaps because of the actors, they're both stellar and charismatic). I like the mix between camaraderie and suspiciousness they're expressing.And on a more shallow note, the nakedness (and there was quite a lot of it) felt finally like an integral and natural part of the story. Who would've guessed?The Queen of Thorns and Hammy Writing:  I like Lady Olenna and I enjoy her scenes in bite sized portions.  But <U+0080> every week it appears to be the same thing: Lady Olenna sits down next to an established character; the established character immediately losses all the intellect, charm, wit and danger they possessed up to the moment they met Lady Olenna and act ham-handed, clumsy, foolish and boarder-line stupid.  Started with Sansa, continued with Cersei, reached ridiculous heights with Varys and culminated this week in the show utterly neutering its best character<U+0080> all to make Olenna seemed smart.  This week was the worst because Tyrion is the best character on the show and to make him seem tongue-tied, awkward, clumsy and intimidated by her is utterly out of place.I actually liked the scene because it was nice to see Tyrion tongue-tied for a change. I mean, even he has to experience that sometimes and is there anyone better to outwit him than QoT? Although I'll admit that since QoT has done the same thing over and over again, it's getting a bit repetitive.On the other hand, Tyrion's comment to Tywin about getting the Tyrells to pay half of the wedding expenses made me think that perhaps Tyrion had in fact played Olenna... or maybe he was just trying to impress his father, I don't know.
500	Sun	2013-04-29	One further note; I get the feeling that this is an episode that will be loved a lot more by book readers than non-book readers.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 04:06 AM.
501	VladofWallachia	2013-04-29	I am kind of sad that they've eliminated Willas Tyrell (even if we don't see him) and that he's been replaced in the plot by Loras. Also I hope they'll make Loras a King's Guard sooner or later, to not lose some scenes with the Captain later on.
Also, where are the Dornish? At least reference them, because they must be coming towards King's Landing as all of this takes place. I was disappointed that Tywin didn't suggest the Red Viper as a possible husband for Cersei. That would have been a good way to introduce the character.
THEY CUT OUT PATCHFACE AND EDRIC STORM! THE FUCK?
Also, I didn't care much for the way the Selise-Stannis-Shireen relationship was presented.
And do we really need more Fifty Shades of Loras? I'm not a huge fan and I'm not judging, but it's very gratuitous and also it denigrates his character by making him betray a family plot to this random squire he just met and banged.
Now, the good stuff: Karstark execution spot on, Jaime confessing to Brienne straight from the book, Beric vs. the Hound great, Jon+Ygritte bow-chika-bow-wow, Grey Worm scene spot on.
Despite all those little faults, it's a good episode.
502	The Monkey	2013-04-29	Why did Robb say that Walder Frey remained neutral in the war, when in season 1 we learned that he supplied levies to Robb's army after they had crossed the Twins (implied to be 2000 men). Stupid writing, they could just have said that the Frey troops left the army in early season 3, and the whole wedding business would have been a way to win them back.
503	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-29	I hoped to see Patchface because i believed that his story is important in the books, the tvshow seems to be giving less credit to prophecies than the books ...
504	harre	2013-04-29	Very good episode. Not sure if I liked this one better than last week's though, but probably yeah /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Especially good:
-Hound vs Beric (even though I wish they hadn't shown the 'resurrection" at all, like in the book
-Shireen was so amazingly potrayed! Cheers to the girl actress!
-The Jaime and Brienne bathtub scene was awesome! Minor changes to the book, but all in the right place.
-The acting from almost everyone was terrific, but NCW stands out of the pack a bit this week
Which brings me to one minor critic about season 3 and this episode: Why does Littlefinger think he's Batman? What the hell? Just rewatched some season 1 episodes and he's talking normally there. What does Aidan Gillen want to accomplish with that stupid tone? Remind us he was in TDKR? Yay for you Aidan, now keep it together!
					
					
							Edited by harre, 29 April 2013 - 05:01 AM.
505	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Roose was great in this episode.
506	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Just watched the episode....thoughts:
- The Beric vs Sandor fight started a little bit weird... but then got awesome and was excellent and had a great end. Althoug I missed the Hound's badass quote /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Thoros: "For the night is dark and full of terrors" Sandor: "This cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here"  gotta love Sandor.
- Beric's resurrection... meehh.
- Why isn't Tormund Har-ing?!.
- Jon and Ygritte's love seemed too forced. 
- Arya and Gendry /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  The way I understood Gendry's line is that she wouldn't be his family but his "liege lady" (does that make sense?).
- Jaime and Brienne: badass awesomeness.
- Selyse.... just no NO!!.. ugh..  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
- Aww Shireen is so sweet and cute, but she is BLONDE??!!
- Whatever happened to the "when the sun has set, no canddle can replace it" Loras I knew and loved?
- Middlefinger you are so creepy and you are NOT Christian Bale playing batman.......
- Charles Dance is an amazing Tywin, I'm glad he's not smiling any more. But can't he decide how to pronounce Tyrell? 
- Tyrion is one of my favourite characters. but WHY THE HELL do they have to whitewash him SO MUCH???!!!!!!!
Overall it was a very good episode, it didn't have so many OMG WTF moments, but it was better written.
507	Dove	2013-04-29	- Middlefinger you are so creepy and you are NOT Christian Bale playing batman.......I cracked up at his pronounced growl when he replied to Cersei. It's like he's just trolling us now.
508	FattyPeon	2013-04-29	Loras needs his, guys. Seriously, its not a big deal. He's not a robot, daddy gets lonely. Even if he never loves again, which is unlikely no matter what he says, his gears still works.
I've found that people whining about character assassination usually just have a wrong (shallow and robotic) idea of the character in question to begin with.
And Cersei marrying Loras is important to Tywin not as an alliance, since they already have that, but I saw it more as Highgarden eventually being ruled by his blood.
					
					
							Edited by FattyPeon, 29 April 2013 - 05:17 AM.
509	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	- Beric's resurrection... meehh.- Selyse.... just no NO!!.. ugh..  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />- Aww Shireen is so sweet and cute, but she is BLONDE??!!- Whatever happened to the "when the sun has set, no canddle can replace it" Loras I knew and loved?I thought the Beric resurrection was pretty true to the books, in that no-one really saw it, and then he suddenly just reappeared.What was wrong with the Selyse thing in the end? She seemed almost exactly like the books, her scene with Stannis was strong. The babies in the jars were certainly not the focus of the scene.Yeah, that Shireen hair colour thing pissed me off. At least she was well written and portrayedThat Loras was a nauseatingly grating adolescent caricature. Loras in the show seems like a real person.
510	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Roose was great in this episode.Oh yes. There were at times where I felt his voice was too loud, but his line delivery of "Your sister....is alive and well" seemed very Roose-ish. I'm glad that the show is slowly clearing my doubts on the casting choice. Oh, and those eyes. Those eyes are just creepy....
511	victim	2013-04-29	Alex Graves seems to be a very good Thrones director. The theme of Fire was prevalent throughout the episode, and was a really good way of tying scenes together visually.
512	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Oh yes. There were at times where I felt his voice was too loud, but his line delivery of "Your sister....is alive and well" seemed very Roose-ish. I'm glad that the show is slowly clearing my doubts on the casting choice. Oh, and those eyes. Those eyes are just creepy....I'm definitely feeling him now. I like how he has been slowly built up from a background lord into a major player. The leeches were cool in the book, but as soon as I read about it I was like "This guy is definitely evil". I think the subtlety is really paying off now. And if the preview for The Climb is anything to go by, we'll get to see the dinner scene too (even down to Brienne's frilly pink dress!)
513	Dove	2013-04-29	I think I'd like it more if he was a little more grim too but Loras can still have a fling or two and still be a badass romantic knight. People still have urges, and sexin' up a dude doesn't mean he's forgotten about Renly.
It was dumb for him to be all "hey random squire I just fucked, here's my family's plans" but it's not like he was a genuis in the books. He's very young, brave, and good at knocking men off horses with sticks. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
514	Xasthur	2013-04-29	I really liked this episode. They reduced the jumping which makes it definitly more comfortable to watch - and the cuts were better (cutting to Daenerys for instance when Shireen talks about Aegon).
Showing Stannis as a family head was also a good idea, he still repelling to me but the scenes had some sort of eerieness, even though Selyse is too pretty.
Bathtub scene was nailed. I didn't think it would be legit if Jamie changes that much after being such a villian in the show, but I bought it. Well delivered.
I am still wondering who will reveal Jorahs former betrayal, did Barristan just lied straight to his face when he was talking about small council knowledge??
Littlefinger doesn't come off as creepy enough for me, maybe because they made him Cerceis bitch last season.
The fight between the Hound and Dondarrion was nicely performed, even though I expected to see some differences in the fighting style between them. It looked like both of them were just doing hack 'n' smash.
And no story about Grendels children. Actually unnecessary for non-book-readers, but the lacking of some kind of monologue by either Ygritte or Jon made that scene look like a sex-scene for the sake of a sex-scene. But that's just minor complaining...
515	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	How does Tywin know that Ramsey killed the Stark boys when Robb and Cat don't?
516	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	This has probably already been mentioned, but I thought flicking away to Daenerys as Shireen starts talking about Aegon the Conqueror was a nice touch.
517	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	The fight between the Hound and Dondarrion was nicely performed, even though I expected to see some differences in the fighting style between them. It looked like both of them were just doing hack 'n' smash.I though they were very different  The hound kept trying to batter Beric, but Beric was dancing around him. Beric was also twirling and spinning an awful lot. It almost looked like he was possessed. he was hardly even looked in the hounds direction, yet still parried him at every turn.
518	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	How does Tywin know that Ramsey killed the Stark boys when Robb and Cat don't?What? He said that Theon murdered Robb's brothers.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 05:30 AM.
519	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	I also noticed that the show finally named the Hound! Incredible that it wasnt mentioned till now.
520	Xasthur	2013-04-29	I'm definitely feeling him now. I like how he has been slowly built up from a background lord into a major player. The leeches were cool in the book, but as soon as I read about it I was like "This guy is definitely evil". I think the subtlety is really paying off now. And if the preview for The Climb is anything to go by, we'll get to see the dinner scene too (even down to Brienne's frilly pink dress!)I hope so much that they are going to add something with leeches. Of course, it makes him more of a clichA James-Bond-villian, but really, they add so much evil badassdom.They also need to give him better clothes. That grey cloak served him well when he was a side character in the background, but he really needs his pink cloak with the blood drops now. I hope we see all this after/during the Red Wedding...
521	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	I'm definitely feeling him now. I like how he has been slowly built up from a background lord into a major player. The leeches were cool in the book, but as soon as I read about it I was like "This guy is definitely evil". I think the subtlety is really paying off now. And if the preview for The Climb is anything to go by, we'll get to see the dinner scene too (even down to Brienne's frilly pink dress!)That's definitely a scene I'm looking forward to. I just saw that trailer, and it appears that we'll finally get to see how cruel his son is. Can't wait /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
522	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Madden played it excellently after beheading Karstark, and that entire scene (from killing the Lannisters to executing Karstark) was great. Maisie and Dempsie both rocked in their scene when Arya told Gendry she could be his family.BATH SCENE! Perfect. I only wish he had said that a Kingsguard doesn't betray the king's secrets, like he did in the book. It is quite evident in the monologue that he didn't want to kill Aerys and that he did it because he felt he wasn't left a choice, but it still wouldn't have hurt to include that phrase. Despite killing Aerys he still remained faithful in one sense for a long time, until he told Brienne, and I didn't like that that was cut.The fight between the Hound and Beric was awesome. One of the best in the series so far.Oh and I loved how Cersei was all smiles when Tywin introduced his plan to marry Sansa to Tyrion only to drop the face completely when things turned sour for her as well. They were both wonderfully sullen when Tywin left them, and I just love Charles Dance as Tywin. He is so authoritative!What else... right, Shireen was sweet and Selyse clearly insane. What was the fuzz with the fetuses?! Nasty. It was nice to see Stannis insecure and at a loss. He felt very human. Her scene with Davos was also cute.And sorry - but I don't feel it with Jon and Ygritte. I feel his entire storyline is suffering in the series and I don't like the way it has been portrayed in the show. They are doing a wonderful job with the material they have been given, but the material simply isn't enough and I don't appreciate his storyline half as much as I did in the books. At this point in the books he still was a favourite character of mine, but I don't care for him at all in the show. A great comparison is with Jaime's storyline. He is also up there as a favourite character of mine, and his storyline comes across excellently in the show; it shows it can be done, but it isn't with Jon.I wonder if they will include his (Jaimes) weirwood-dream in the show? I hope they do, but I fear they mightn't. It's an important and defining moment for Jaime and was (for me) key to understanding his arc and motivation. Besides, it would be an excellent excuse to bring back Sean Bean and I'm certain people would appreciate if he did appear, if briefly. Oh, I hope they do, but I fear they won't.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 07:18 AM.
523	Linda	2013-04-29	Some of these complaints are ridiculous.Overall the episode was very good. And Ygritte... damn.And you're pretty ridiculous too, so it evens out.
524	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	1. I thought the Beric resurrection was pretty true to the books, in that no-one really saw it, and then he suddenly just reappeared.2. What was wrong with the Selyse thing in the end? She seemed almost exactly like the books, her scene with Stannis was strong. The babies in the jars were certainly not the focus of the scene.3. Yeah, that Shireen hair colour thing pissed me off. At least she was well written and portrayed4. That Loras was a nauseatingly grating adolescent caricature. Loras in the show seems like a real person.1. I prefered the book version because when he dies everybody is like OOHHH! and then Thoros takes him to like somewhere else in the cave where nobody can see, like if he was going to put the body aside to be buried later or something. And then he comes back walking and talking and ALIVE! I think it was more shocking that way. Besides we couldn't exactly see what he did to resurrect Beric, which makes it more mysterious and enigmatic. In the show he sings and prays, that's it?2. The babies where very creepy. She seem a little bit more maniac than in the books to me. But my main problem is why wouldn't she want Stannis to see his own daughter?3. Agree.4. My problem is not that Loras fucked someone else, but that he seemed quite happy, playfuland talked to much, for being with a complete extranger, and Renly dying not so long ago. I think he sould've been more sorrowful and bitter, and with more grieve.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 05:51 AM.
525	DrRobotnik	2013-04-29	Good episode. Patchface is probably the creepiest character in all the books, but you can understand why they need to cut him. The fetuses were a nice touch, designed to compensate for the loss in creepiness.
It's nice that they're developing Roose's character as a bit of a sly sadist, but that might be a bit too subtle for non-book readers.
I'll be disappointed if they don't give Roose his leeches. One of the defining features of the character -- come on!
526	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	The Robb/Cat storyline is still really messy. Cat's once again reduced to a background character so that Strong Female Character<U+0099> Talisa and Robb can have more screentime. But the writing is all over the place too - how has Robb lost half his army with the Karstarks? Why did no one comment on the Freys leaving his army, when in season one it was revealed that they would provide soldiers? Why has no one in King's Landing discussed Robb's wedding yet?I also think it was cheap to have Robb behead Karstark in one strike. Also unrealistic. The only reason Jon could do it in ADwD was due to his Valyrian steel.That Loras was a nauseatingly grating adolescent caricature. Loras in the show seems like a real person. It's actually the opposite way round. Loras is fully fleshed out in the books; in the show he's reduced to being gay.
527	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	To all those who complained about the "butchery of Qhorin Halfhand" last year:You see, today's episode proved D&D right. They needed to flesh out Ygritte, in order to make her falling for Jon more solid, since, as you may have noticed, there was ABSOLUTELY no time to develop her carachter in this season. So they had to create all those new scenes with her an Jon last year in order to lay the ground for their chemistry. And still their romance feels a bit rushed, even after all those scenes they have been in last season! Imagine if they hadn't dropped Qhorin's and Jon's running chapters. Another ENTIRE storyline, with Jon and Ygritte falling in love, would have needed to be fleshed out this season, and there would have been no time at all, as you can all see. While, given what they've done, they actually did not show Ygritte for 2 or 3 weeks, and still showed a believable and solid love scene.Yes, Qhorin's chapters would have been amazing on screen. Still, they HAD to be dropped, for the sake of carachter development of more important carachters.I salute you, D&D.Sorry I have to totally disagree with you.  ALl of that flirtation was done when Y was J's captive and she was working him to escape.  That was manipulation, not setting up a relationship and nothing since has shown any romantic spark between the two.  If they replaced that horrible Pos escapade they certainly could have worked a scene or two in THIS SEASON establishing some chemistry between the 2.  I felt the sex essentially came out of nowhere on the show.
528	Maria Underfoot	2013-04-29	I'm so happy!!! I hope every episode will be like this one, it didn't feel rushed, it had a great flow, and the writing was perfect. Cogman chose the correct scenes and lines of the books to keep. (well, except for the Loras part). I LOVED the bath scene, it was impeccable, all the Arya scenes were amazing, two areas that had many of us worried (Stannis and Robb) are actually starting to make sense.... I look forward for what's next
529	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	It's actually the opposite way round. Loras is fully fleshed out in the books; in the show he's reduced to being gay.Loras, Selyse... Is there any minor character that you think isn't fleshed out in the books?
530	SeanF	2013-04-29	It's actually the opposite way round. Loras is fully fleshed out in the books; in the show he's reduced to being gay.I haven't yet seen Series 3, but in series 1 and 2 we got to see Loras as being quite a shrewd politician, which doesn't come through in the books.  Essentially, he takes the roles of Ser Garlan and Willas as well as his own.
531	-Ghost-	2013-04-29	Selyse and her kids, that was weird. If I were Stannis Id keep her locked up too.
532	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Sorry I have to totally disagree with you.  ALl of that flirtation was done when Y was J's captive and she was working him to escape.  That was manipulation, not setting up a relationship and nothing since has shown any romantic spark between the two.  If they replaced that horrible Pos escapade they certainly could have worked a scene or two in THIS SEASON establishing some chemistry between the 2.  I felt the sex essentially came out of nowhere on the show.Agree. Also, I think Ygritte would've been more atratted to Jon IF he would've spared her life letting her go.
533	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-29	I loved this episode not a huge fan of davos but him n shireen scene was my favourite so sweet. Does that mean they'll combine her with Edric?  jaime n Brienne the whole scene was wonderfully done. If i had to pick one tiny thing that annoyed me it would have to be jon n ygritte, I know it's not their fault cause they r trying to squeeze an entire books' worth of story into few minutes here n there. It's like they met last season and this season is their end n all the middle is missing.
534	-Ghost-	2013-04-29	Sorry I have to totally disagree with you.  ALl of that flirtation was done when Y was J's captive and she was working him to escape.  That was manipulation, not setting up a relationship and nothing since has shown any romantic spark between the two.  If they replaced that horrible Pos escapade they certainly could have worked a scene or two in THIS SEASON establishing some chemistry between the 2.  I felt the sex essentially came out of nowhere on the show.I agree.
535	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I loved this episode not a huge fan of davos but him n shireen scene was my favourite so sweet. Does that mean they'll combine her with Edric?  I think she is going to be combined with Patchface, and Gendry is going to play Edric's part.
536	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	I also thought this was a good episode.The Stannis household dynamics were perhaps the most pleasant surprise. While Selyse with her jars was too much for my taste, the discussion she had with Stannis was delightfully awkward. And Shireen was a darling! I liked how she interacted with both her father and Davos.The scene with Arya and Gendry was heartfelt as well. Really enjoyed the discussion between Jorah and Barristan, too. I don't remember well how Jorah-Barristan relationship was handled in the books, but it seems like more interesting here (perhaps because of the actors, they're both stellar and charismatic). I like the mix between camaraderie and suspiciousness they're expressing.And on a more shallow note, the nakedness (and there was quite a lot of it) felt finally like an integral and natural part of the story. Who would've guessed?I actually liked the scene because it was nice to see Tyrion tongue-tied for a change. I mean, even he has to experience that sometimes and is there anyone better to outwit him than QoT? Although I'll admit that since QoT has done the same thing over and over again, it's getting a bit repetitive.On the other hand, Tyrion's comment to Tywin about getting the Tyrells to pay half of the wedding expenses made me think that perhaps Tyrion had in fact played Olenna... or maybe he was just trying to impress his father, I don't know.And I believe she does the same with Tywin next episode, breaking his quill and all.
537	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	I haven't yet seen Series 3, but in series 1 and 2 we got to see Loras as being quite a shrewd politician, which doesn't come through in the books.  Essentially, he takes the roles of Ser Garlan and Willas as well as his own. In season 1 he's shown as manipulative rather than "shrewd", and let me assure you in season 3 he's not shrewd at all.
538	GoldenFleece	2013-04-29	The scene in the book differs slightly, but the gist is Ned Stark was the first rebel Lord to find Jaime, and he instantaneously, no questions asked, judged him a traitor . When Jaime saw the reaction from Ned - condemnation, derision in his eyes - his Lannister pride took over, and from that instant on, refused to humble himself by explaining his actions to Ned, or anyone else for that matter. He saw Ned's condemnation as hypocritical and morally superior, and his own actions righteous, and wouldn't humble himself by asking for anyone's, least of all the ever so honorable rebel lords.Also, and most crucially,  once Tywin sacked the city and had Elia and her children murdered, no one would believe that Jaime, son of turncloak opportunist child murdering Tywin, had killed Aerys for any reason other than furthering his father's aims. This is how Ned came to the conclusion that Jaime is nothing more than a dishonorable Kingslayer.  That's the one thing that annoyed me about characters' treatment of Jaime.  He broke his oath yes, but so did the Starks, Baratheons, Tullys, and Arryns who all swore an oath of fealty to the crown.  Why was it okay for them to break their oaths, but not Jaime?  Very hypocritical.
539	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	What? He said that Theon murdered Robb's brothers.Correction, Theon, but still noone is supposed to know, well unless he has been in contact with Bolton! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
540	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	I loved this episode not a huge fan of davos but him n shireen scene was my favourite so sweet. Does that mean they'll combine her with Edric?Could be. Another idea tossed around is that Gendry will be the new Edric, and that's why Melisandre travelled to the mainland.
541	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	And you're pretty ridiculous too, so it evens out.Why are we bringing the claws out?
542	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	I loved this episode not a huge fan of davos but him n shireen scene was my favourite so sweet. Does that mean they'll combine her with Edric?  jaime n Brienne the whole scene was wonderfully done. If i had to pick one tiny thing that annoyed me it would have to be jon n ygritte, I know it's not their fault cause they r trying to squeeze an entire books' worth of story into few minutes here n there. It's like they met last season and this season is their end n all the middle is missing.No, they are going to put Gendry into Edric's situation. One of the character featurettes showed Mel checking out Beric's scars. Shireen is going to teach Davos how to read and probably be a patchface/shireen hybrid.besides me seeing ygritte naked, that cave scene seemed rushed.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 29 April 2013 - 06:07 AM.
543	Ran	2013-04-29	On Jaime being judged by Ned:
The oaths Robert and Ned and Jon Arryn and so on swore were part of a contract that Aerys violated by  demanding the heads of Eddard and Robert without just cause. They swear to follow the king in return for his justice, basically. His failure ended that compact.
Jaime entered willingly into a very different agreement.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2013 - 06:11 AM.
544	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-29	I think she is going to be combined with Patchface, and Gendry is going to play Edric's part.Patchface that's cruel, and I don't see davos risking his life for gendry a boy he never met or cares about.
545	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Correction, Theon, but still noone is supposed to know, well unless he has been in contact with Bolton! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Those where my exact thoughts, that he has already allied with Roose.
546	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Patchface that's cruel, and I don't see davos risking his life for gendry a boy he never met or cares about.Dunno, Davos has a pretty rigid sense of morality. I don't think it would matter too much whether he knows Gendry or not. He's a good enough man to know that burning Gendry is a heinous action, and that Gendry has to be saved.
547	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	Patchface that's cruel, and I don't see davos risking his life for gendry a boy he never met or cares about.He hadn't known Edric for much longer. He didn't save him because he was personally attached.
548	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Because their oaths were part of a contract that Aerys violated by  demanding the heads of Eddard and Robert without just cause. They swear to follow the king in return for his justice, basically. His failure ended that compact.Jaime entered willingly into a very different agreement.I haven't seen your review yet Ran, I am guessing you enjoyed this episode?
549	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Patchface that's cruel, and I don't see davos risking his life for gendry a boy he never met or cares about.lol I know it's cruel, specially when she is even sweeter and more cute in the show. But the only part of Patchface that she will have are the creepy songs.Yeah, Davos and Gendry.. Maybe he'll do it just because it's the right thing and Gendry is inocent, and doesn't deserve being burned alive. I don't personally like this change, but I think that's what is going to happen.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 06:16 AM.
550	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Patchface that's cruel, and I don't see davos risking his life for gendry a boy he never met or cares about.I cant remember the exact quote, but i'ts something along these lines:What is this boys life, against the whole realm? - Stannis"Everything" - Davos
551	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-29	He hadn't known Edric for much longer. He didn't save him because he was personally attached.And because shireen cared about Edric, maybe she'll be Gendry's new arya when mel brings him back to dragonstone.
552	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	And because shireen cared about Edric, maybe she'll be Gendry's new arya when mel brings him back to dragonstone.Can you imagine the shipping?But yeah, wouldn't be surprised if something like that happened.
553	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	Sorry I have to totally disagree with you.  ALl of that flirtation was done when Y was J's captive and she was working him to escape.  That was manipulation, not setting up a relationship and nothing since has shown any romantic spark between the two.  If they replaced that horrible Pos escapade they certainly could have worked a scene or two in THIS SEASON establishing some chemistry between the 2.  I felt the sex essentially came out of nowhere on the show.Well, if I remembet correctly, spearwives fall in love with those who kidnap them; and to me it was clear that Ygritte was somehow interested in Jon, although, as you said, she was also working her way out of captivity. But expecially after Jon had been taken prisoner, se continued to look very interested in Jon: she kept the Lord of Bones from cuttin his throat; she looked impressed when Jon killed the Halfhand, and asked the other wildlings to free him. She escorted Jon to Mance's tent, while "playfully" mocking him. She presented him to Mance and Tormund. And she gave a very meaningful look at him when leaving the tent. Hell, even Mance noticed it, and said " the girl likes you!". I think that is more than enough material. And Jon even spared her life at the very beginning!
554	Sun	2013-04-29	I agree with those who think Jon/Ygritte was unconvincing. It felt as frivolous and superficial as a pantomime.
And I forgot to say earlier, Roose Bolton's face when he first saw Jaime's hand was masterful. Telegraphed his intentions most eloquently.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 06:19 AM.
555	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	I imagine Davos will just save Gendry cause he's a good guy.
556	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-29	I cant remember the exact quote, but i'ts something along these lines:What is this boys life, against the whole realm? - Stannis"Everything" - DavosI love that I think that was the moment I didn't find Davos so boring anymore.
557	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Well, if I remembet correctly, spearwives fall in love with those who kidnap them; and to me it was clear that Ygritte was somehow interested in Jon, although, as you said, she was also working her way out of captivity. But expecially after Jon had been taken prisoner, se continued to look very interested in Jon: she kept the Lord of Bones from cuttin his throat; she looked impressed when Jon killed the Halfhand, and asked the other wildlings to free him. She escorted Jon to Mance's tent, while "playfully" mocking him. She presented him to Mance and Tormund. And she gave a very meaningful look at him when leaving the tent. Hell, even Mance noticed it, and said " the girl likes you!". I think that is more than enough material. And Jon even spared her life at the very beginning!I disagree. Like I said before, she would've been more atracted and impresed by Jon IF he would've spared her life letting her go, like in the book. In the show he had the intention of killing her, he just failed, which makes him look more pathetic in a Wildlings eyes. Ygritte would still be impresed if Jon killed Qhorin like in the book. All those escenes you mentioned happened in season 3, so they didn't really expand the relationship in season 2. But still the scenes weren't enough because it felt very forced.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 06:25 AM.
558	Ran	2013-04-29	Cellio,Worked through the night (guh) and all the usual content is now up in the episode guide. And now uploading our video review.But yeah, I liked it quite a lot except for what was done with Loras, and just how sloppy this whole business was. It felt really rushed. There's some other nitpicks, but on the whole there was a lot to praise in this one, and I consider it the best episode of the season in terms of consistency.Their failure make anything of the Frey alliance until now, beyond one or two remarks, is weird to me. I don't really understand why they've changed Robb from wanting to go to the North again to deciding to just attack Casterly Rock. What's wrong with the strategic picture in the novels? They even introduced the Reeds, there's no reason to shy away from mentioning how their father will help him get past the Neck and into the North!That's one thing I'll be asking Bryan about in our interview, which I hope maybe to get up today or maybe tomorrow.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2013 - 06:27 AM.
559	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	I disagree. Like I said before, she would've been more atracted and impresed by Jon IF he would've spared her life letting her go, like in the book. In the show he had the intention of killing her, he just failed, which makes him look more pathetic in a Wildlings eyes. Ygritte would still be impresed if Jon killed Qhorin like in the book. All those escenes you mentioned happened in season 3, so they didn't really expand the relationship in season 2. But still the scenes weren't enough because it felt very forced.Mate, he did not fail, he missed on purpose. Watch the scene again!
560	Godfrey	2013-04-29	Are they not going to use the Lord of Light's real name in this show? Haven't even heard a mention of the "God whose name should not be spoken" yet, have we?No mention of Balon Greyjoy yet either, thought his death was announced at the small council before Tywin announced these two new marriages.
					
					
							Edited by Godfrey, 29 April 2013 - 06:29 AM.
561	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Mate, he did not fail, he missed on purpose. Watch the scene again!If he missed on purpose then why would he chase her down? Why not just let her go?
562	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	And by the way, only the tent part happened in season 3. All the other things I mentioned happened in season 2!
563	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Are they not going to use the Lord of Light's real name in this show? Haven't even heard a mention of the "God whose name should not be spoken" have we?No mention of Balon Greyjoy yet either, thought his death was announced at the small council before Tywin announced these two new marriages.Nope. Balon is still very much alive when Tywin plans the marriages in the books. But you do bring up a point that's been bugging me this entire season? There's been virtually no mention of the ironborn, and they've been reduced to an afterthought, despite them holding some notable castles in the North. I really hope the show addresses them ASAP.
564	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	Nope. Balon is still very much alive when Tywin plans the marriages in the books. But you do bring up a point that's been bugging me this entire season? There's been virtually no mention of the ironborn, and they've been reduced to an afterthought, despite them holding some notable castles in the North. I really hope the show addresses them ASAP.well the trailer shows Asha getting her trrops ready. so there's got to be some iron born.
565	Elder Sister	2013-04-29	There was so much good stuff in this episode.  I love how they have captured The Hound so perfectly now that he's fled King's Landing and abandoned the Lannisters.  He's confused and angrier than usual. The fight scene with he and Beric was fantastic.  I personally enjoyed seeing Selyse and the her creep factor was handled really well.
Several things disappointed me.  Loras' character is mishandled.  Instead of seeing his devotion to Renly, we see an opportunistic, lusty, politico.  Brianne gets all of the devotion to Renly and Loras gets to roll around in the hay.  I really hate this; Loras is one of the better characters to me and is motivated totally by love in the books.
Tywin is incongruent on the show.  We see him concerned for Arya, making her eat, curious about her upbringing,  and last night we see him as 'book Tywin', cold, calculating, imperious.  The scene with his kids was awesome, but confusing since TV viewers saw his character differently with his interaction with Arya.  
Despite the Talisa angle, I like how Robb is portrayed.  Last night, we saw what we as readers know:  Robb is good with the battle operations and bad with the politics.
566	Godfrey	2013-04-29	How about the two Kettleblacks they'll have to get into the series and get into the kingsguard before Jaime gets back to Kings Landing.
Not 100% what book it was.. but it was storm of swords part 1, right?
567	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	If he missed on purpose then why would he chase her down? Why not just let her go?Because he didn't want to kill an unarmed prisoner, but he didn't want to let her escape either.
568	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	If he missed on purpose then why would he chase her down? Why not just let her go?Because if he let her go, she would have told the other wildlings that the Nightswatch was there. He wanted to keep her as a prisoner, and take her to Qhorin. Whom he did not manage to find right afterwards. Now, letting her go, as in the books, THAT was stupid!
569	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Cellio,Worked through the night (guh) and all the usual content is now up in the episode guide. And now uploading our video review.But yeah, I liked it quite a lot except for what was done with Loras, and just how sloppy this whole business was. It felt really rushed. There's some other nitpicks, but on the whole there was a lot to praise in this one, and I consider it the best episode of the season in terms of consistency.Their failure make anything of the Frey alliance until now, beyond one or two remarks, is weird to me. I don't really understand why they've changed Robb from wanting to go to the North again to deciding to just attack Casterly Rock. What's wrong with the strategic picture in the novels? They even introduced the Reeds, there's no reason to shy away from mentioning how their father will help him get past the Neck and into the North!That's one thing I'll be asking Bryan about in our interview, which I hope maybe to get up today or maybe tomorrow.I agree with you on these points! Yet I am still in shock from the episode, I have never gotten that  many goosebumps from an episode on the show yet. They really hit my spots with this one. I don't know what you think of the Roose scene with Jaime(will check your review after work today) but I really liked his conversation with Jaime. Here is hoping for the leech scene!Conor.
570	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	And by the way, only the tent part happened in season 3. All the other things I mentioned happened in season 2!They would have worked better like the book version. In the book Ygritte was the one who convinced the wildlings to let Jon yield, just because he did the same for her, and he let her go. So makes sense she wants to save his life.  She would still be impresed by Jon killing Qhorin if it was the book version.
571	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Because he didn't want to kill an unarmed prisoner, but he didn't want to let her escape either.Then why not just admit that he couldn't kill her? and tell Qhorin? Why not just keep her around like a prisoner instead of failing on purpose?
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 06:39 AM.
572	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	They would have worked better like the book version. In the book Ygritte was the one who convinced the wildlings to let Jon yield, just because he did the same for her, and he let her go. So makes sense she wants to save his life.  She would still be impresed by Jon killing Qhorin if it was the book version.Mate, again, he spared her life in the show.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 29 April 2013 - 06:40 AM.
573	lizziebeth	2013-04-29	I need to say how much I loved this episode. 
Beric/Hound duel- so well done.  And Sandor's reactions to the flaming sword, his shield, catching on fire, etc. Fantastic. I actually gasped at that moment when he stepped into that little bit of fire and screamed. 
Arya was amazing as always. Happy to see the return of her nightly prayer.  The scene with Gendry was heartbreaking. 
Jon Snow/Ygritte-  Not hugely impressed with this scene. As many others have stated, it felt a bit rushed, but I did get a good laugh out of "You know nothing, Jon Sno--oooh!"  
Qyburn-  I haven't seen many people commenting on him, but I was hugely impressed.  He was amazingly creepy, especially that last look as he's working on Jamie's stump right before Jaime screams. 
Selyse-  Boy is she batshit crazy... Fetuses in jars? Wow... Also, one of the fetuses being named Edric? Nice little nod there
Shireen is absolutely adorable even with the Greyscale and her creepy singing of Patchface's song. I enjoyed the creepy singing enough to sit through the entirety of the credits for once just to hear it.  I'm loving the Shireen/Davos relationship.
Finally getting some Stannis development away from Mel and seeing him interact with his family. 
Jamie/Brienne bath scene was absolutely PERFECT. I can't wait to watch this scene with my non-reader friend who hates Jamie with a passion. I want to see if this changes her view at all. 
The final scene with Tywin laying down the law and telling his children who they will marry.  Fantastic. This is the Tywin I remember from the books.  Charles Dance is absolutely killing it. Tyrion's response "I was wed", is a good reminder to the non-readers about Tysha (gods know the book readers can't forget her. Where do whores go?).  Surprisingly,  I actually had sympathetic feelings for Cersei in this scene when she says "Father, don't make me do it again, please." I typically hate Cersei, but that one line and it's beautiful delivery reminded me forcefully that she'd already been married to a man who didn't love her once, and look how that turned out.
574	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	Then why not just admit that he couldn't kill her? and tell Qhorin? Why not just keep her around like a prisoner instead of failing on purpose?He did not find the strenght to kill her AFTER he told Qhorin he would do it. He struggled before swinging the sword, hence Ygritte's "Do it! Bastard, do it!" . Jon did not find the strenght, and therefore spared her.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 29 April 2013 - 06:45 AM.
575	plurabel	2013-04-29	I really do think they're actually merging Shireen and Patchface. A character such as Patches wouldn't translate well into screen, I think, but it makes perfect sense for an unfortunate child such as Shireen to have an amped up creepy factor. I wonder: if Patches is indeed going to have greater importance later on in the books (hinted at by Mel's vision etc) then Shireen may do to in the series, which pleases me. I think I generally like the merging of characters as it's nice to get to see more substantial players and cogs in the tv version. 
Someone mentioned Helena Bonham-Carter upthread... wow, she would've been great with ears and mustache but that would make it all too much if they kept the foetus-preserves, which, I agree, will substitute the leeches in Mel's bonfire. 
Now I have to go and re-watch the entire thing especially because my grandmother was around during the cave scene. Yup. I had to watch this ep at my parents' with my nana around, and she's not one for this kind of show. It was distracting and I missed out on a few things.
576	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Because if he let her go, she would have told the other wildlings that the Nightswatch was there. He wanted to keep her as a prisoner, and take her to Qhorin. Whom he did not manage to find right afterwards. Now, letting her go, as in the books, THAT was stupid!Then why fail on purpose? Why would he gain from "faking" it? Why not just keep her like a prisoner or tell Qhorin that he cannot kill her? The decision was kind of stupid in the book, but it showed what kind of person is Jon. It also served to make Ygritte want to save Jon's life, and make their bond stronger.But why would show Ygritte want to save someone who took her captive and is so pathetic that failed killing her?
577	plurabel	2013-04-29	oh, and I agree that there is no other way to read Gendry's "m'lady" line than that she'd be his liege, his social superior. it's also quite an important device for her to realize her isolation and the bullshit of social rules more fully building up to added motivation for her embracing the house of b&w as the only viable choice for the moment. they are doing as good a job as they can with the limited time available in the series in terms of believability, by the way. I applaud that.
578	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Mate, again, he spared her life in the show.I don't think she believed he spared her life. She had her eyes closed, the she herd a sound but didn't feel anything. When she opened her eyes the sword was in front of her, to her it looked like if he missed. Then she saw her opportunity to scape. In the boks it was OBVIOUS that he let her go.
579	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Then why fail on purpose? Why would he gain from "faking" it? Why not just keep her like a prisoner or tell Qhorin that he cannot kill her?But why would show Ygritte want to save someone who took her captive and is so pathetic that failed killing her?You still havent got it. Jon missed on purpose, because he didnt want to kill her, because it would be murder to him. He planned on bringing her back as a captive, but she managed to momentarily escape. It would have been the easiest thing in the world to kill her physically, and Ygritte knows that.Because he refused to kill her when he was ordered to
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 29 April 2013 - 06:53 AM.
580	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	Then why fail on purpose? Why would he gain from "faking" it? Why not just keep her like a prisoner or tell Qhorin that he cannot kill her? The decision was kind of stupid in the book, but it showed what kind of person is Jon. It also served to make Ygritte want to save Jon's life, and make their bond stronger.But why would show Ygritte want to save someone who took her captive and is so pathetic that failed killing her?Because he did not fail. He spared her, but was not so stupid as to let her go. He kept her prisoner, and wildling women fall in love with those who kidnap them.
581	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	So far, this season is just getting better and better. Last week's episode was more "in your face" good, mostly because of Dracarys, but this week's was just all around excellent, well paced, well written and extremely well acted (well for the most part). I love the buildup, ep 9 is going to be phenomenal, probably better than Blackwater.
Overall, I love the direction this show is taking. It used to be bleak and sad, now it's becoming extremely dark and hopeless. 
Beric vs Hound was the best fight scene we've had so far. Best since Hound vs Mountain
Jon/Ygritte: Still don't care about this storyline. Kit is terrible.
Dragonstone: Wow, I loved everything there. I love the dark gothic atmosphere in those scenes. In the books, I always got an extremely creepy vibe from all the scenes in Dragonstone. Okay, the pickled babies was not exactly subtle but this is TV, they need to establish things with the little time they have per scene/location. Selyse was great, a bit more human and less batshit insane as in the books. I liked that. hehe Edric.
Shireen was perfect, just the right amount of hope and melancholy. I'm looking forward to her teaching Davos how to read.
I'm a bit saddened by the omission of Patchface, but I don't think he'd work well on TV, plus we already have enough characters as it is. Maybe they'll give his prophetic powers to Shireen?
Jaime/Brienne: Highlight of the episode without a doubt. That bath scene was extraordinary. Emmy for NCW already.
Robb: Man, the Karstark execution gave me chills. Brilliant scene. And the Roslin/Edmure marriage is in motions.
Arya: Loved all of her scenes. Maisie is the best. Her scene with Gendry made me tear up a little.
Daenerys: Good scene. I love listening to Valyrian. Grey worm is hot. Barristan/Jorah banter was well written.
King's Landing: Okay they are overplaying Olenna now. The toilet humor has to go and she's not as sharp as I imagined her. The actress is great, but her lines are just badly written. 
Loras scene was a little pointless. Nice butt though.
Littlefinger continues to be one of the worst characters, god I just want to smack him everytime Aiden Gillen opens his mouth with that forced raspy voice of his.
Tywin/Tyrion/Cersei scene was fantastic.
What with all the buildup for royal wedding, it's obvious now PW will happen in ep 10. It's just be weird if all the buildup led to having to wait for next season.
So yeah, overall, fantastic episode, the buildup this season is incredible; it's so much better than last season.
582	lostinwesteros	2013-04-29	Great episode!  Excellent weaving of fire throughout the episode, even in the background during the bath scene.Arya asking if Thoros could 'bring back a man without a head' . . . /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />And loved the brief scene between Arya and Gendry...poor Gendry, poor AryaSandor!  In the face of fire, even!  And I wasn't so sure I liked the new Beric, but man, oh, man...no question now!I take it Sandor isn't going to capture Arya?LOVED the bath scene...perfectly played.The Ygritte/Jon cave was exactly the way I'd pictured it!  Well played by both..."That thing you did.  With your mouth" said in true Ygritte style...in fact both played the scene in true character.Never thought Shireen was a compelling character until last night.  She's awesome, and the greyscale is perfect.  But Selye's stillborns... /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> , /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> , and more /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> !Have to say I was happy there weren't any more of the Theon/Ramsay thread... personally, I wish they'd just leave that alone this season.  There's too much other stuff to cover.Tywin and his children who have 'disgraced' him...a rare moment for Tyrion and Cercei to be on the same side of something.Sansa is so stupid!  I repeatedly just get so fed up with her.Love seeing the Queen of Thorns, so glad they added another scene with her.  Funny to see Tyrion speechless...as usual, he played it perfectly.  And always glad to see more of dear Pod.I thought Catelyn looked absolutely gorgeous in last night's episode, so much more so than I've ever seen here before.  The scene with the beheading of Karstark was exactly, exactly how I'd pictured the setting.  Also so well played...and so 'beginning of the end' for Robb.  Does he really think Frey will give him men after he went back on his word to Frey?Did Loras' new lover really say he was Polliver?   I must have misunderstood.OK - time to get to work...
583	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	Why is Theon's music playing when Robb executes Karstark?
I know it ties their beheadings together but Greyjoy music for the Starks is a bit out of place haha.
584	Dove	2013-04-29	Did Loras' new lover really say he was Polliver?   I must have misunderstood.It was Oliver. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Yeah, I did a double-take too at first.
585	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Did you guys notice Grey Wind?http://i.imgur.com/LZqHdL0.jpg
586	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	You still havent got it. Jon missed on purpose, because he didnt want to kill her, because it would be murder to him. He planned on bringing her back as a captive, but she managed to momentarily escape. It would have been the easiest thing in the world to kill her physically, and Ygritte knows that.Because he refused to kill her when he was ordered toWhen I say fail on purpose, I mean miss on purpose. I understand that he thinks is wrong, but why make it LOOK like he is going to kill her, but then miss? Why not just say I cannot kill you. I cannot do it. and keep her captive instead of creating an opportunity for her to scape?Like I said before, I don't think Ygritte thinks he let her scape. She had her eyes closed, her a sound but didn't feel anything. When she opened her eyes the sword was in front of her, like if Jon had missed, so she saw the opportunity to scape. It looks like he failed to her, even if he did it on purpose.
587	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Did you guys notice Grey Wind?http://i.imgur.com/LZqHdL0.jpgYES! I noticed it haha. It was great!
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 07:07 AM.
588	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	I don't think she believed he spared her life. She had her eyes closed, the she herd a sound but didn't feel anything. When she opened her eyes the sword was in front of her, to her it looked like if he missed. Then she saw her opportunity to scape. In the boks it was OBVIOUS that he let her go.Are you for real? This is just assuming things. Ygritte even says, after saving Jon from Rattleshirt, something like "now we're even". What do you think she was referring to, if not that he had not killed her?
589	Malgarroth	2013-04-29	By the way, how the hell would Tywin know the Karstarks left Robb so quickly? Roose isn't in Riverrun so there must be another spy. Well even if there's another spy that information was delivered pretty quick, but I'm willing to suspend belief if there is indeed another spy.Talisa /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
590	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-04-29	Meanwhile, back with the sid eiwnning the war, Tywin ahs a family and that family will do exactly as he commands while he slowly <U+0080><U+009C>chips away<U+0080><U+009D> and Robb Stark by doing nothing.  Tywin is playing everyone and its about time Cersei and Tyrion learn to dance along.  Everyone played that scene perfectly.Because ruling comes with a price.  Sometimes you have to marry somebody you don't like; sometimes your kids are idiots; and sometimes you have to kill the guy who killed your enemy's children.  Because its EASY to criticize, but King's don't criticize.  They rule.  Robb and Tywin are rulling.This brings up something that I'm a little concerned about for the overall arc of the season.  Because Charles Dance does such a fantastic job as Tywin and he's so fun to watch, I'm afraid viewers are going to start getting an overly rosy view of Tywin's character.  He's actually a really terrible person who frequently misjudges situations and people.  He's a world-class bully and a machiavellian ruler.  His kids are actually not idiots, he just doesn't give any of them credit for anything, ever.  He says (in the show) that he doesn't trust Cercei because she's not as smart as she thinks she is.  It's fun to see a smackdown of Cercei, and book readers know that she will turn out to be very hubristic, but the real reason Tywin doesn't give her one shred of respect or approval is because he is Tywin and she is under his power.  Tywin condescends to everyone and does his damnest to make everyone around him feel like inferior shit, regardless of their actual intelligence and abilities.  THis is most obvious in his treatment of Tyrion, but it extends to everyone.  (Except Arya, apparently; loved those scenes, but it was fairly out of character for Tywin.  Maybe he just liked her because she was some random girl who surprised him and was so obviously beneath him that he didn't feel the need to belittle her?)Anyway, I can't complain about any individual scene with Tywin, I just think that since he's such a commanding presence it's easy to start to believe what he says about other people and think he's "tough but fair," when that's not really the case.
					
					
							Edited by Smaug the Dreadful, 29 April 2013 - 09:53 AM.
591	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	Why is Theon's music playing when Robb executes Karstark?I know it ties their beheadings together but Greyjoy music for the Starks is a bit out of place haha.It made for an incredibly powerful scene but I couldn't help thinking "this is Theon's theme...".  A more soaring and dark variation of the Stark/Winterfell theme would've been nice.
592	SeventySeven	2013-04-29	The episode was practically perfect, so many highlights e.g. Jaime/Brienne, Shireen/Stannis and Shireen/Davos (I love the little girl that plays her!), Robb/Karstark, Arya's heartbreak. At the moment I'd say it's the episode I've enjoyed the most.
I have to join the chorus of people who aren't pleased about Jon/Ygritte though. Tbh, I have problem with Jon's whole storyline, in the books he's one of my faves while in the show he's a bit of a letdown. Sex with Ygritte had zero build up and came out of nowhere, their whole relationship feels sudden. I just can't wait for Jon's time with the wildlings to end, for Stannis to get to the Wall, and for Jon to start interacting with Team Dragonstone (Melisandre!). I'm sure it will be way more interesting than what we get right now, as for some reasons it just did not translate properly on screen. Jon's story is my only gripe atm, I hope it picks up.
Re Brienne's body double: it's weird some would say that, as the actress who plays her has done tons of naked portraits so I doubt she'd have a problem with nudity. She looked very pretty during the whole scene and her body is gorgeous, however Brienne is not supposed to be attractive; why use a body double with such pretty derriere?
EDIT: spelling
					
					
							Edited by Door, 29 April 2013 - 07:24 AM.
593	plurabel	2013-04-29	can't help it; bit of fangirling: holy hotness in this series... nikolaj, iain (and bean too), and now mcginley (anguy), kaye (thoros; yes, I think he's sexy), dormer (beric; agree with jeyne poole) and even our tormund, kristofer hivju. yeah, kit who? don't get me wrong, love book jon snow and sure am going to love series snow more and more, but as far as sexiness goes... give me the rugged ones.
594	Conchobar	2013-04-29	It made for an incredibly powerful scene but I couldn't help thinking "this is Theon's theme...".  A more soaring and dark variation of the Stark/Winterfell theme would've been nice.Who cares who's theme it is? It is music, used to convey an emotion to coincide with the scene.
595	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	Who cares who's theme it is? It is music, used to convey an emotion to coincide with the scene.Because the show has always played well with musical motifs and character themes. It just seems weird that they'd play Theon's theme over a scene that had nothing to do with him, is all.
596	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	When I say fail on purpose, I mean miss on purpose. I understand that he thinks is wrong, but why make it LOOK like he is going to kill her, but then miss? Why not just say I cannot kill you. I cannot do it. and keep her captive instead of creating an opportunity for her to scape?Like I said before, I don't think Ygritte thinks he let her scape. She had her eyes closed, her a sound but didn't feel anything. When she opened her eyes the sword was in front of her, like if Jon had missed, so she saw the opportunity to scape. It looks like he failed to her, even if he did it on purpose.Here mate. 1.05: "Now we're even". After saving him from Rattleskirt. She saw him sparing her. Hope this helps.http://www.youtube.c...be_gdata_player
597	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	For those of you who are complaining about Loras fooling around with another man, sex doesn't equal love. We never get his POV in the books, so we can't be 100% certain that he never slept with anyone after Renly's death.That doesn't fit with how disconsolate he was - his interaction with Sansa was just a few days before this scene and he was upset at even the mention of Renly.  To then have him turn around like this was a big leap from where he had been established.
598	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Because the show has always played well with musical motifs and character themes. It just seems weird that they'd play Theon's theme over a scene that had nothing to do with him, is all.But I looked at it as almost a reflection of Theon's beheading of Cassel, also it seems to coincide with the "point of no return" theme they both share as characters.
599	Sandra Melis	2013-04-29	I don't really understand why they've changed Robb from wanting to go to the North again to deciding to just attack Casterly Rock. What's wrong with the strategic picture in the novels? They even introduced the Reeds, there's no reason to shy away from mentioning how their father will help him get past the Neck and into the North!My 2 cents about that is the very very unlikely circumstance of the Crossing being the only feasible way to reach the North (if Westeros were in the real world): I've always felt this quite unconvincing and forced!
600	MsLibby	2013-04-29	That was not a body double.  Christie has one very toned, hot looking body. You've seenher in some of those short dresses and even her fellow cast members said her legs and body rock.
601	Versiroth	2013-04-29	I really like how they reminded the non-book audience were John's allegiance still lies.   Well, as long as they've been paying attention.  They'll know that most of the men from Castle black went north with the old bear and that John is trying to protect them.   He is also hesitant at first to break his vows with Ygritte.
602	Lord Varys	2013-04-29	I have to admit it: I really cried in this episode, first when they introduced Stannis' family, and then when Shireen sang Patchface's songs. This was priceless.
But I'm also quite pissed with how they ruined (again!) Loras' and Littlefinger's character. Why did he have to act on Cersei's orders? In the book he did everything on his own accord to ensure that Sansa stays in the city. That element still remains in the show, but to make Sansa clever Loras has to become an idiot.
And to make Loras Tyrell heir to Highgarden is soo wrong.
603	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	But I looked at it as almost a reflection of Theon's beheading of Cassel, also it seems to coincide with the "point of no return" theme they both share as characters.Good point. I hadn't thought about it that way.Also, I wasn't under the impression that Gwen Christie had a body double. They "uglied" (relatively speaking) her up a bit in the show, but she's a stunning looking model irl, so I don't see why she'd need a double.
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 29 April 2013 - 07:51 AM.
604	Versiroth	2013-04-29	I'd also like to mention that I still hate Jaime Lannister.   I mean, it takes him becoming a cripple to ever even attempt to change his arrogant ways (a fate well deserved for making Bran a cripple) and yet everyone acts like he's this awesome character for attempting to redeem himself a little.
605	eetrebor	2013-04-29	Anybody else get extremely annoyed that people are complaning/ranting about the Loras betrothal(s) because they think he's in the Kingsguard? Its pretty amazing how some bookreaders just can't separate the two entities and continuities. They end up missing a lot.
606	BananaSpice	2013-04-29	But I looked at it as almost a reflection of Theon's beheading of Cassel, also it seems to coincide with the "point of no return" theme they both share as characters.This. I think it was supposed to draw obvious (to us) parellels between the beheadings and that it was a "this is where it all goes wrong" / point of no return moment.ngl, though ... it really anoyed me that Robb's execution was so clean ... in the book it takes him a few strikes and blood splatters everywhere - it's very messy (like Theon's was in the show) ... I think they should have kept that. They are both young and struggling and don't have swords as good as Ice.
607	Ran	2013-04-29	My 2 cents about that is the very very unlikely circumstance of the Crossing being the only feasible way to reach the North (if Westeros were in the real world): I've always felt this quite unconvincing and forced!That's not why Robb needs the Freys, though, in the book. There's no question of his getting to the causeway, in fact. The problem is that if the Freys are enemies, that's four thousand swords at his back if he tries it, perfectly positioned even while the Lannister host is elsewhere. He needs their swords on his side, as he needs them if he wants any hope to hold the riverlands and win back the North.
608	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Good point. I hadn't thought about it that way.Also, I wasn't under the impression that Gwen Christie had a body double. They "uglied" (relatively speaking) her up a bit in the show, but she's a stunning looking model irl, so I don't see why she'd need a double.Well that is news to me. I am sure they had some reason for it though, it only complicated things for them.This. I think it was supposed to draw obvious (to us) parellels between the beheadings and that it was a "this is where it all goes wrong" / point of no return moment.ngl, though ... it really anoyed me that Robb's execution was so clean ... in the book it takes him a few strikes and blood splatters everywhere - it's very messy (like Theon's was in the show) ... I think they should have kept that. They are both young and struggling and don't have swords as good as Ice.I agree, although there was a weird parallel I felt between Robb and his father when he cut off Rickard's head, the cleanliness of it made me think...."Robb is his father's son, he is Ned." It was a nice moment.It is such a small detail, but Rickard's hair should have been moved off of the back of his neck, as should Ygritte's when Jon was about to behead her last season.Also, I found it funny seeing Loras fighting with that guy with helmets on. " WHat, helmets?!?! What are these things they are wearing?!? They look so silly in them! " lol. It was refreshing to see helmets but amusing to see them wearing them in the show when they least needed them.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 29 April 2013 - 08:07 AM.
609	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-29	Did anyone else notice Tywin said Bran and Rickon are dead. Up to this we have been told they are missing so my guess is Tywin has gotten word already from Roose. The seeds have been planted.
610	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Here mate. 1.05: "Now we're even". After saving him from Rattleskirt. She saw him sparing her. Hope this helps.http://www.youtube.c...be_gdata_playerYeah, you're right. I forgot about that. But I still think that just keeping her captive would have been better than missing on purpose. The scenes between them would have worked just as fine with the book version. And even changing it, I felt the romance was too forced.
611	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Did anyone else notice Tywin said Bran and Rickon are dead. Up to this we have been told they are missing so my guess is Tywin has gotten word already from Roose. The seeds have been planted.He said that Theon killed Robb's brothers. Yeah if not even Robb and Cat know then he probably allied with Roose already.
612	BananaSpice	2013-04-29	Did anyone else notice Tywin said Bran and Rickon are dead. Up to this we have been told they are missing so my guess is Tywin has gotten word already from Roose. The seeds have been planted.I did notice that! ... although Roose might be lying to Tywin if Ramsay already told Roose that the boys aren't really dead, right? OMFG LAYERS.
613	rohit39	2013-04-29	A couple of points i want to bring up here, i apologise if they've been discussed before in these 17 pages of discussion, but its impossible to go through them all before posting, so i'd appreciate if someone point out the relevant posts to my queries/observations, and also if people answered them with new posts!
1) One thing that really strikes me odd is how Catelyn on the show doesn't face any repercussions at all for releasing Jaime. In the book, since Robb has secretly married Jeyne, he uses the whole situation to his advantage, and thus Catelyn does not face any consequences. But in the show with the Robb secret wedding out, there is no motivation to have Catelyn face no consequences, right?
2) One part i really hoped to see from the books in the Karstark execution scene, was where Lord Karstark thanks Rob for doing the beheading himself, but for nothing else. I think they missed a trick there. Could have been a good opportunity to show the differences between people from the North and South.
3) Is no one really bothered about the apparent lack of interest amongst Robb and the other northerners to reclaim the North back from the Greyjoys, like the books? It doesn't quite make sense in the show that inspite of bad news from Winterfell, and the entire North falling, that Robb still looks to strike Casterly Rock (which also doesn't make sense, but i'd let that slide). 
it should have been easier if they had just shown Frey reactions to the marriage, and their people leaving Robb's side, and later on show Robb realising he needs the Freys on his side to win the war. Like the books.
But apart from these small misgivings, great episode! Brilliantly paced, lot of great moments, straight from the books. Getting my hopes up for episode 9! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
614	Breaker of Ice	2013-04-29	In not a fan of T.V. Tormund or Mance.  Also, what has Jon done for them to like him?   Both have made a point of telling him they like him, but he hasn't really done anything so far.
615	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Did anyone else notice Tywin said Bran and Rickon are dead. Up to this we have been told they are missing so my guess is Tywin has gotten word already from Roose. The seeds have been planted.OMG,The Roose  is Officially Loose!
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 29 April 2013 - 08:25 AM.
616	Batman	2013-04-29	Gendry and Arya
That last line where Gendry says "you would'nt be my family, you would be my lady". At first I took that as the hint of Gendry having feelings for her. On second watching it was much more obvious that he was saying they could never be family because she was highborn and he was a bastard.
This is how desperately I want them to be together, that I am twisting scenes to serve my hopes. Fuck it, I am holding out hope.
617	caravaggio	2013-04-29	I thought this episode was one of the stronger ones of the series for many reasons (all of them listed above).
I found the Stannis and family scenes especially moving for some reason. Especially Shireen! You really feel for her.
I wondered (during the Stannis/Selyse interactions) if the show was implying that the reason Selyse gets involved with Melisandre is some attempt to bring the dead sons to life or fix Shireen. Is Shireen locked up because Selyse thinks the greyscale can be spread? Is that why she doesn't want Stannis to see her? I wondered while watching if Melisandre was going to ask to burn Shireen instead of Edric/Gendry.
Oh and I think its possible we will still have Patchface.
I think there is going to be a great juxtaposition of the Dany talking to Greyworm scene from this episode (feeling good about freeing slaves) with Dany crucifying slavers (the other side of the coin) in a future episode.
Here is a question I had... since they don't seem to be bringing the Northern Lords back for this season who is going to be there to witness Robb signing his will and take it North? The Blackfish and Edmure? I've always thought that would turn out to be something important in later books, so they wouldn't cut the will out entirely would they?
I agree that the Jon storyline hasn't gained the traction it needs. His story really suffers from having such limited time (why only 10 episodes HBO, WHY?) and so many things get cut or put in fastforward. If Jon is going to climb the Wall next episode, I guess he won't be talking to Mance again until he goes to bargain with him after his return to the NW.
618	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	Yeah, you're right. I forgot about that. But I still think that just keeping her captive would have been better than missing on purpose. The scenes between them would have worked just as fine with the book version. And even changing it, I felt the romance was too forced.Well, to be fair, her running away was due to Jon's inexperience. I believe he was going to seize her, after missing, but he was slow in reacting, which resulted in her fleeing. To be honest, I think that the whole "missing" thing was meant for us watchers, to make us scream something like "SHIT, HE'S DOING IT!!", just to be relieved immediately afterwards. Or maybe just to scare her off a little bit. I don't know, that scene is a little bit odd, I agree. Anyhow, I think that part of the story makes perfectly stands on its feet. The books were different, but I don't think they were better, in this case (letting Ygritte go was plain dumb, for me). But yes, the show romance feels a bit more like an instant crush than a built up feeling.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 29 April 2013 - 08:28 AM.
619	Versiroth	2013-04-29	In not a fan of T.V. Tormund or Mance.  Also, what has Jon done for them to like him?   Both have made a point of telling him they like him, but he hasn't really done anything so far.Uh, he "turns his cloak", which is something Mance can relate to.   He tells Mance that his side is the one fighting for the living, he kills the Halfhand, who had killed many wildlings, and he also gave both Mance and the other Tormund what they believe is truthful knowledge of what the watch is doing/how the operate.The better question is, what has he done to make them dislike him?
620	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	Great episode. Dragonstone is just getting creepier and I think the fetuses were quite well managed. Shireen is simply adorable. Is her hair really blonde, though? It seems to me that Selyse's wasn't and it got me thinking it was actually some kind of decoloration due to the grayscale. And yes, I also like them showing Stannis' more human side. I think this was the first time we hear Hound's real name, Sandor, on the show.Dead babies in the jars - well I've seen the pictures before, and I was dreading this bit ,but it turned out to be not so bad after all. I wonder how you people propose to replace the leeches with them - taking them out of the jars and burn..eww...too gross, would they show that on TV?I never noticed them not naming Sandor in the show. (But then, I never noticed Selmy being absent from the small council or the Dragons not being named)We may not see them burn, but we will learn about it. It would be interesting to see the Melissandre-Selyse dinamics when she asks for the babies. I really liked this episode. They reduced the jumping which makes it definitly more comfortable to watch - and the cuts were better (cutting to Daenerys for instance when Shireen talks about Aegon).For a moment I did not recognize the Unsullied and it was some kind of (positive) wtf because it seemed as if they were going to show us the story of Aegon's conquest. It created a strong link between both characters.I'd also like to mention that I still hate Jaime Lannister.   I mean, it takes him becoming a cripple to ever even attempt to change his arrogant ways (a fate well deserved for making Bran a cripple) and yet everyone acts like he's this awesome character for attempting to redeem himself a little.It is more than just changing and becoming a better person. At this point you start to realize how he has been made a villain to the eyes of everyone. In the books, you start to learn his story from his own perspective instead of Ned's. (And he tries really hard to make all Lannisters seem so evil). I loved his scene with Roose. There was true terror on his facewhen he thought Cersei might have died.
621	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Well, to be fair, her running away was due to Jon's inexperience. I believe he was going to seize her, after missing, but he was slow in reacting, which resulted in her fleeing. To be honest, I think that the whole "missing" thing was meant for us watchers, to make us scream something like "SHIT, HE'S DOING IT!!", just to be relieved immediately afterwards. Or maybe just to scare her off a little bit. I don't know, that scene is a little bit odd, I agree. Anyhow, I think that part of the story makes perfectly stands on its feet. The books were different, but I don't think they were better, in this case (letting Ygritte go was plain dumb, for me). But yes, the show romance feels a bit more like an instant crush than a built up feeling.It's fairly obvious that he missed on purpose.  He was supposed to kill her, but at the last moment, he couldn't do it.   His plan was then to take her hostage and go back to the Half Hand, but the wildlings found them first.  I can't believe anyone would believe that he tried to kill her and just missed....
622	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-29	By the way, did Shireen get it right when she pronounced Aegon "Egg-en"? I've always thought of it in my head as "Ay-gone".
623	Batman	2013-04-29	Why have they changed Tormunds character so much? Wheres the humour, the fun, the bullshit stories? There are enough false badasses in this show without the writers trying to force another one through.
624	Alleras Blackfyre	2013-04-29	Shortest one hour of my week. Arya & Gendry's, "You would'nt be my family, You would be m'lady" exchange, am I reading it wrong? I felt it was more of a sad note than a romantic notion. THREE.DEAD.FETUSES floating in jars creeped the hell out of me.Littlefinger w/ Sansa, creepier than the fetuses, we call him Pedo-BaelishOverall, can't complain about the show. Just sad that we are halfway through the season and so close to the RW.
625	Batman	2013-04-29	By the way, did Shireen get it right when she pronounced Aegon "Egg-en"? I've always thought of it in my head as "Ay-gone".Sansa pronounces it that way in the first season. Sweet of Shireen but leave the teaching to Pylos
626	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	It's fairly obvious that he missed on purpose.  He was supposed to kill her, but at the last moment, he couldn't do it.   His plan was then to take her hostage and go back to the Half Hand, but the wildlings found them first.  I can't believe anyone would believe that he tried to kill her and just missed....Yes, that's exactly what I was saying!
627	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I'd also like to mention that I still hate Jaime Lannister.   I mean, it takes him becoming a cripple to ever even attempt to change his arrogant ways (a fate well deserved for making Bran a cripple) and yet everyone acts like he's this awesome character for attempting to redeem himself a little.He is an awesome character and I like reading about him, I'll give him that, but yeah, he's still an ass. If he had found Arya after Nymeria had bitten Joffrey, he probably would've killed her, too. He's still fighting for the wrong side and still breaking his vows, the way I see it, he's changed how he feels about what he's doing rather than actually changed what he's doing (I'll fling this child from a trebuchet!) because he can't let go of how others see (and fear) him despite the fact he's changed inside (which is another interesting aspect of his character, btw). He's trying, but if he really wants to redeem himself he should step up and admit his incestuous relationship with his sister, that would do it.Littlefinger w/ Sansa, creepier than the fetuses, we call him Pedo-BaelishLOL!
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 08:42 AM.
628	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	He's trying, but if he really wants to redeem himself he should step up and admit his incestuous relationship with his sister, that would do it.He wants too. He wants to marry Cersei and let everyone know how much he loves her. She doesn't.
629	Versiroth	2013-04-29	It is more than just changing and becoming a better person. At this point you start to realize how he has been made a villain to the eyes of everyone. In the books, you start to learn his story from his own perspective instead of Ned's. (And he tries really hard to make all Lannisters seem so evil). I loved his scene with Roose. There was true terror on his facewhen he thought Cersei might have died.He made himself into a villain with his own actions.   The whole "Ned Stark already judged me without even asking, so I had to go on a 16 year A-HOLE bender for that reason alone!!" crap just doesn't fly with me.   Ned Stark didn't make Jaime into a guy who would throw a 9 year old out of a window to his death.  That was all Jaime.   Honestly, while reading his POV chapters in the books, I actually started to become irate at GRRM.  I could tell that he wanted to make Jaime's story about redeeming his honor, but honestly, if he still had his hand, I don't believe he would have changed much at all.
630	Rockroi	2013-04-29	Because Charles Dance does such a fantastic job as Tywin and he's so fun to watch, I'm afraid viewers are going to start getting an overly rosy view of him.  He's actually a really terrible person who frequently misjudges situations and people.  He's a world-class bully and a machiavellian ruler.Oh, I disagree.  I think the portrayal of Tywin is very true to the books; Dance's performance is simply putting a face to the name.  Saying that Tywin is a "bully" is not an accurate description of the character given his track record.  Yes, he sometimes forces people to do things in HIS best interest, but he also fights people (Tarback's; Catemere's, the Darke's of Duskendale).  He is not a man given to empty promises; in fact that Tywin's most notable character trait - if he tells you he is going to do something, he does it.  There was a REASON that the people who eventually do business with Tywin did business with him - because they knew they could trust Tywin.  As strange as that may seem.  Further, Tywin is actually an exceptional good judge of character and his moves in the books (and before the books) show this.To me, the reason viewers like Tywin is because Tywin is intelligent, savvy, ruthless, and effective.  So many characters - in a time ruled by all these attributes - seem to lack many of them.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Quick change of topic to the Jaime/Ned dynamic.I find that while other characters are given the always laudable "Get Out of Oath-Breaker-Jail Free Card", Jaime apparently has to stay there until he pulls an Andy Duphrane.  I can always understand why Robert and Ned had to rebel, but they were oath breakers.  Their oath was to obey their KIng and their KIng commanded them to come to KL to answer for (ludicrously crazy) chargers of treason.  So, they know its BS so they rebel.  I have no problem with them rebelling, but lets call a spade a spade.  They broke their oaths (for exceptionally good reasons because most "oaths" are bullshit to begin with), and I have no problem with that.But Jaime does and he's scum.  Whaaaaaaa????Jaime also swore an oath to protect the KIng... and defend the realm... and protect the innocent... and obey his father, etc.  We've been through all that and there is no need to rehash that.  So, when Aerys wants to kill the innocent and murder Tywin, Jaime is faced with Kant's "Conflict of Duties" wherein he is damned if he does and damned if he does not.  The problem is that had Jaime chose to do nothing and Aerys immolated the City NOBODY would have blamed Jaime.  But fat lotta good that would have done all the dead people in the City!  See, that's why being judgmental- like Ned - is AWESOME! You get to live in a world where:1. You are an oathbreaker;2. KIng's Landing is NOT burned to the ground because the KIng is a raging lunatic, because3. ANOTHER GUY does the dirty work of killing the KIng, which leads to (the best part);4. You get to act all superior and judgmental to the guy who killed the King EVEN THOUGH you were in the process of trying to Kill that same King!  Thus...5. You get to call other people oathbreakers!Ned Stark: keeping his hands clean of terrible acts while directly benefiting from those terrible acts since 283 AL.This is why Jaime and Ned work soooooo well- they are the other's doppelganger - each one finds in the other the things they hate MOST about themselves.  Jaime hates Ned because Ned is an honorable man and Jaime is less than that.   Ned hates Jaime because Jaime killed Aerys, while Ned was in the process of trying to kill Aerys.  Ned sees in Jaime all the things he hates about himself.  Both have intense feelings for their sisters; both men serve the realm; both men wish to be left alone; both men are deadly; both men are relatively simple; both men HATE explaining themselves.To that end, Jaime's duality with Ned is a constant theme, ultimately unlocked by Jaime later in the books.  However, I find that cycle compelling.  And the show brought it back a great deal in this episode.Which leads me to this: How come everyone gives Selmy a free pass?  Selmy's oath of loyalty to Aerys passed- immediately mind you - to Viserys at the moment Aerys was slain.  There is no "gap" where Selmy gets to decide whether or not his loyalty should be suspended.  He's oath is to THAT family and NOT to Robert.  But Selmy chooses Robert (for VERY GOOD reasons) and he continues on (until... he decides he needs another Targ to serve... imagine that...).  Selmy= honorable; Jaime = dishonorable.Come again?  Selmy should have- out of duty and honor and all the other things Ned Stark loves to chirp about - recovered from his wounds and immediately attempted to escape ad begin serving Viserys. He instead changed sides (or cloaks, really) and nobody bats an eyelash.So Ned... loves Selmy!  So does Jaime, which is another commonality.  And the audinace loves Selmy.  BUt Selmy hates Jaime because Jaime betrayed the Targs.  At a certain point we all have to admit one thing: if you are clever enough and circumspect enough and cunning enough, you can find a reason to disobey, ignore or supersede any oath.  Ned and Robert found a way; so did Hoster Tully, Jon Arryn and Stannis Baratheon (and none of them were charged with treason) Same goes for Barristan Selmy.But if you are Jaime?  Well, sorry buddy, you committed the unpardonable sin of killing somebody everyone else was trying to kill.  And thus...... in ancient nomad tribes it was customary for the tribe to find an animal- a sheep or a goat - and when the bad acts of the tribe got too great they would take this animal and everyone in the tribe would say the acts they had done wrong and put something on this animal's back. Once EVERYONE in the tribe had done that, they would send the animal out into the elements to die of starvation or thirst, but with every sin of the tribe on its back so that while it suffered for the sins of the tribe, the tribe felt vindicated, pure, and good.Its where we get the term "scapegoating."  Thus- for Ned, and Selmy, and Stannis and Tully etc etc etc HE is the oathbreaker- not them!  They have reasons and excuses and clever and pithy sayings and ideas etc etc etc.So they send him out into the elements so he can die and they can all feel good.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 29 April 2013 - 08:51 AM.
631	The Monkey	2013-04-29	He made himself into a villain with his own actions.   The whole "Ned Stark already judged me without even asking, so I had to go on a 16 year A-HOLE bender for that reason alone!!" crap just doesn't fly with me.   Ned Stark didn't make Jaime into a guy who would throw a 9 year old out of a window to his death.  That was all Jaime.   Honestly, while reading his POV chapters in the books, I actually started to become irate at GRRM.  I could tell that he wanted to make Jaime's story about redeeming his honor, but honestly, if he still had his hand, I don't believe he would have changed much at all.Jaime was, is and forever will be, an asshole, there's no denying that. What ASoS and Season 3 does is to show that he's not a psychopath (which at least I believed up to that point).
632	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Yeah, I forgot to mention the fact that he was a Kingsguard who was having sex with the Queen..... his twin sister!   Yep, you guys are right... he's just SooOOooo lovable! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
633	White Corvus	2013-04-29	By the way, did Shireen get it right when she pronounced Aegon "Egg-en"? I've always thought of it in my head as "Ay-gone".I think she did.  He is given the nickname "Egg" in the Hedge Knight stories.
634	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	He made himself into a villain with his own actions.   The whole "Ned Stark already judged me without even asking, so I had to go on a 16 year A-HOLE bender for that reason alone!!" crap just doesn't fly with me.   Ned Stark didn't make Jaime into a guy who would throw a 9 year old out of a window to his death.  That was all Jaime.   Honestly, while reading his POV chapters in the books, I actually started to become irate at GRRM.  I could tell that he wanted to make Jaime's story about redeeming his honor, but honestly, if he still had his hand, I don't believe he would have changed much at all.Ok, maybe I didn't express myself correctly. (English is not my first language) In the first book/season you get the impression that Jaime is a ruthless, power-hungry character and you get a very biased impression of him. I see his season 3 arc more of a change of that impression than a true redemption. You understand him better, you understand he is a person who has done awful things for the people he loves (especially Cersei) and would them again. I am not saying he is justified, but it gives him a great deal of humanity.ETA: Yeah, I forgot to mention the fact that he was a Kingsguard who was having sex with the Queen..... his twin sister!   Yep, you guys are right... he's just SooOOooo lovable! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Where is the moral problem of mutual incestuous love? And besides, nobody complains about Loras, a Kingsguard who was having sex with the King, his brother-in-law.
					
					
							Edited by Valonqar_, 29 April 2013 - 09:03 AM.
635	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-29	I think she did.  He is given the nickname "Egg" in the Hedge Knight stories.Yes, that's a good point. Although, that's a different Aegon. She was referencing Aegon I and that is Aegon V (I think), but that's not really all that relevant.
636	Versiroth	2013-04-29	@  The Rock That RoaredThe fact is, Ned Stark was an honorable man.  He was murdered because he decided to do the honorable thing and give Cersei a chance to leave the capital before he told Robert about her incest with Jaime.  He knew that it would mean their lives and he wanted to give them a chance to survive.  Jaime, on the other hand, threw Ned's son from a window without a second thought.   That alone should tell you all you ever need to know about how different they were from one another.As far as Lannisters go, Tyrion seems to be the only one with true honor.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 29 April 2013 - 09:03 AM.
637	Frumpus	2013-04-29	By the way, did Shireen get it right when she pronounced Aegon "Egg-en"? I've always thought of it in my head as "Ay-gone".Yes she got it right. There's a reason that Aegon is shorted to Egg you know...
638	Jasta11	2013-04-29	Awesome, awesome episode. Almost every scene was perfectly acted. Praise be to the duel and the bathub scene, but actually my favourite is the ending sequence. Tyrion's ''I was wed'' is perfectly delivered, and the show now makes a good job of showing that, as awesome and intelligent as he is, Tywin is also a collossal asshole. After Mr. Tell-family-secrets-to-my-cupbearer-whos-totally-not-a-potentially-valuable-highborn-hostage, it's a welsome sight. Seen Cercei squirm and shout was gratifying.Shireen is also adorable, the Greyscale makeup is very convincing. Slight worry though; Shireen Baratheon, trueborn as she is, had blond hair. I repeat: blond Baratheon. What's up with that?I understand that Selyse is not quite there, but keeping her foetuses in Venture Brothers-like tanks? That was... unexpected. Still, I loved Stannis's interactions with his families. He's obviously at a total loss with them.For those who complain about the Loras scene, it's not like he declared undying love a second time. He still has a sex drive is all, and it's been at least half a year since Renly died so let's give him a pass.
639	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-29	As each episode goes by, Catelyn and Stannis are being presented less accurately /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />, Though I did like him with Shireen, but Im not sure if its just because I think they did a great job with her.   And of course too much Talisa /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
Beric and Sandor was good. And they nailed Shireen. Jaime and Brienne was good as well. Tywin, Cersei, and Tyrion was probably the best scene.
Why does it seem like they forgot about the Ironborn?
640	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-29	Slight worry though; Shireen Baratheon, trueborn as she is, had blond hair. I repeat: blond Baratheon. What's up with that?Jaimes been busy in Dragonstone??
641	Tytus	2013-04-29	So many bare butts in this episode... at least 6?
642	Frumpus	2013-04-29	Did Loras' new lover really say he was Polliver?   I must have misunderstood.No, his name is Olyvar. Which sounds very similar. I admit I thought I heard Polliver as well on the show. Really, they change Asha to Yara, but they decide to randomly name the new guy a name that will sound close to a character that will show up again next season?
643	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Anyone else love show Roose in this episode?
644	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Littlefinger w/ Sansa, creepier than the fetuses, we call him Pedo-BaelishI call show!LF Middlefinger or Pedofinger. Yeah he is very creepy, and he thinks he is Christian Bale playing Batman and tries to use that voice.......
645	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-29	Something I really want to say is how happy I was when they showed the Ned and Robert scene.
Ant it also sad seeing how everything went downhill after their deaths /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
646	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Where is the moral problem of mutual incestuous love? And besides, nobody complains about Loras, a Kingsguard who was having sex with the King, his brother-in-law.What Loras and Renly were doing was just as wrong.   Well, I take that back... at least there was no incest/possibility of bastard children involved.   Despite what the Targaryens were known to do, Westeros,  thought incest a great sin.Honestly, if you really think about it, their incestual love is the butterfly that caused all of the events in this series to unfold.   It's the reason Bran was crippled.  It's the reason Stannis and Renly rebelled.  It's the reason Ned was taken prisoner and beheaded, it's the reason the Lannisters and the North went to war, etc.Honestly, their incestual love is the primary reason for all of the horrors that befell Westeros during the telling of ASoIaF.  But Jaime's just so darned lovable!!  /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 29 April 2013 - 09:22 AM.
647	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-29	The Robb/Cat storyline is still really messy. Cat's once again reduced to a background character so that Strong Female Character<U+0084>c Talisa and Robb can have more screentime. But the writing is all over the place too - how has Robb lost half his army with the Karstarks? Why did no one comment on the Freys leaving his army, when in season one it was revealed that they would provide soldiers? Why has no one in King's Landing discussed Robb's wedding yet?Oh Cat. They already ruined her character, and if they mess the Red Wedding I might really be done with the show. Yeah the Northern storyline hasnt been looking good for a while now.I have to say though that I enjoyed Karstarks rampage. I can see why they introduced the Lannister kids in an earlier episode.
648	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Honestly, if you really think about it, their incestual love is the butterfly that caused all of the evens in this series to unfold.   It's the reason Bran was crippled.  It's the reason Stannis and Renly rebelled.  It's the reason Ned was taken prisoner and beheaded, it's the reason the Lannisters and the North went to war, etc.Honestly, their incestual love is the primary reason for all of the horrors that befell Westeros during the telling of ASoIaF.  Yeah, sure.. That's just like blaming Catelyn for everything that happened.
649	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Yeah, sure.. That's just like blaming Catelyn for everything that happened.Her capturing Tyrion caused the Lannisters to go to war, but why did she capture him again?  Oh yeah, because Cersei imprisoned Ned.  Why did she do that again?  Oh yeah, because he found out about her incestual relationship with Jaime/her bastard children.Jaime's inability to keep it in his pants is the base reason for everything that's happened so far.  If he'd have kept it in his pants, then the realm would currently be united under Robert's trueborn Son Joffrey to help the Nights Watch defeat the the Whitewalkers.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 29 April 2013 - 09:30 AM.
650	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Yeah, I forgot to mention the fact that he was a Kingsguard who was having sex with the Queen..... his twin sister!   Yep, you guys are right... he's just SooOOooo lovable! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I get so sick of people using that as an argument to enhance that Jaime is an asshole - it's irrelevant to the discussion. People use it as an argument because they think it's nasty (and yes, it is), but it's not being an asshole. What he did to Bran was being an asshole. Screwing Cersei isn't. It would be if Robert had been faithful to her, but he slept with dozens of other women. That the incest is the "cause of the war" I just don't buy; in that case you have to go back to what caused them to sleep with one another, and what caused that to cause that before that, and before that, and before that. Action is the result of an immediate response to an event and continuous choices made by several people after that. The blame is never on a single person - in that case we might as well say that Cat's decision to capture Tyrion because she suspected him to have made the attempt on Bran's life was the "cause of the war".Also, pushing Bran is the single truly despicable thing Jaime has ever done along with that of killing the prisoner in order to escape. I don't get the hate. Whatever he did in the past will never be justified regardless of what he does in the future, but that some people can't stop hating him and try to look past his errors even after he's showing that he wants to become the man he initially intended to be, and is starting to become that man, just strikes me as narrow-minded. Where is the ability to forgive and look forward? Nothing is ever black or white, least of all people, and it's a pity that some people look at it that way. I pity those that do. And before someone mentions the trebuchet again: it was a trick he pulled knowing Edmure would fold and give up Riverrun at the mere threat of killing that baby, so no, he didn't actually intend to kill the baby.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 09:30 AM.
651	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	It made for an incredibly powerful scene but I couldn't help thinking "this is Theon's theme...".  A more soaring and dark variation of the Stark/Winterfell theme would've been nice.Agreed, some more discordant version of 'Kill Them All' would have done it.
652	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Her capturing Tyrion caused the Lannisters to go to war, but why did she capture him again?  Oh yeah, because Cersei imprisoned Ned.  Why did she do that again?  Oh yea, because he found out about her incestual relationship with Jaime/her bastard children.When Cat captured Tyrion, Ned was not imprisoned yet. Cat captured Tyrion because she believed in what Petyr said, that the dagger was Tyrion's.
653	ckal	2013-04-29	Really sad we didn't get the line from the Hound before the duel with Beric about the cave being dark but him being the terror there.
It was strange how Robb acted like the Freys have been neutral in the war this whole time. Just a mention about how Robb would try to get the Frey troops BACK after they deserted when Robb married Talisa would have sufficed. Maybe this will be explained in the upcoming episodes.
654	DemiNymph	2013-04-29	I think Davo's dungeon must be one of the nicest I ever saw. Well lit, cosy, warm, nice goaler, he looks well fed and clean, well-groomed, his clothes look clean too. The service must be great. One might be forgiven for thinking that he was just having a nice rest. I'm surprised they don't charge him rent. 
I love the ending scene, Cersei went to laugh at Tyrion and never saw it coming to her too. So damn satisfying. 
I love Jamie.
655	Versiroth	2013-04-29	I get so sick of people using that as an argument to enhance that Jaime is an asshole - it's irrelevant to the discussion. People use it as an argument because they think it's nasty (and yes, it is), but it's not being an asshole. What he did to Bran was being an asshole. Screwing Cersei isn't. It would be if Robert had been faithful to her, but he slept with dozens of other women. That the incest is the "cause of the war" I just don't buy; in that case you have to go back to what caused them to sleep with one another, and what caused that to cause that before that, and before that, and before that. Action is the result of an immediate response to an event and continuous choices made by several people after that. The blame is never on a single person - in that case we might as well say that Cat's decision to capture Tyrion because she suspected him to have made the attempt on Bran's life was the "cause of the war".Also, pushing Bran is the single truly despicable thing Jaime has ever done along with that of killing the prisoner in order to escape. I don't get the hate. Whatever he did in the past will never be justified regardless of what he does in the future, but that some people can't stop hating him and try to look past his errors even after he's showing that he wants to become the man he initially intended to be, and is starting to become that man, just strikes me as narrow-minded. Where is the ability to forgive and look forward? Nothing is ever black or white, least of all people, and it's a pity that some people look at it that way. I pity those that do. And before someone mentions the trebuchet again: it was a trick he pulled knowing Edmure would fold and give up Riverrun at the mere threat of killing that baby, so no, he didn't actually intend to kill the baby.Nothing forced them to sleep with one another.  They had those feelings even when they were little as described by Cersei in the books.   Without their incest, nothing else that happens in the books would have happened.  It was the first proverbial domino.  And to say those that dislike Jaime are narrow minded is you being a little narrow minded yourself.   Honestly, if I knew any child murders in RL, I don't think they'd ever be able to make it up in life either.  And you can't say that he's not a child murder just because Bran lived.  He had every intention for him to die in that fall.
656	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Her capturing Tyrion caused the Lannisters to go to war, but why did she capture him again?  Oh yeah, because Cersei imprisoned Ned.  Why did she do that again?  Oh yeah, because he found out about her incestual relationship with Jaime/her bastard children.Jaime's inability to keep it in his pants is the base reason for everything that's happened so far.  If he'd have kept it in his pants, then the realm would currently be united under Robert's trueborn Son Joffrey to help the Nights Watch defeat the the Whitewalkers.And if Cat had been smart about it and not charged him the way she did without proper proof, Jaime wouldn't have struck Ned down in King's Landing to make a point, and if Ned hadn't challenged Joffrey's right to the throne he wouldn't have been betrayed and sentenced to death and later beheaded, and if Ned hadn't been beheaded Robb wouldn't have marched on King's Landing.And if Tywin and Joanna had separated them earlier and brought them up better, it wouldn't have happened either. And if whatever caused them not to hinder their incest in an early stage hadn't happened, it wouldn't have led to the war either. Bla bla bla.Just sayin'. The war is the result of multiple actions by multiple people.
657	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Jaime's inability to keep it in his pants is the base reason for everything that's happened so far.  If he'd have kept it in his pants, then the realm would currently be united under Robert's trueborn Son Joffrey to help the Nights Watch defeat the the Whitewalkers. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> First Cersei wanted to cheat on Robert because Robert was an asshole with her. If Robert would have been a better husband maybe she wouldn't have cheated on him.Second I don't think Robert would give a fuck about the Night's Watch and the Others. Many people don't believe they exist. Third Robert and Cersei are both terrible parents, even if they would have had a trueborn child, he would be fucked up.
658	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	LF was the one planning the war. He took advantage of their incest, and helped Jon and Ned to discover it. He blamed Tyrion for Bran's murder attempt and I still think he might have influenced Loras to convince Renly. (I think that, at least in the books, he works closer with the Tyrells.
ETA: And, while trying to murder Bran was wrong in spite of everything, I don't think Robert would have let their children live, either.
					
					
							Edited by Valonqar_, 29 April 2013 - 09:43 AM.
659	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Anyone else love show Roose in this episode?Not just in the show, and not just in this episode my friend /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
660	Versiroth	2013-04-29	When Cat captured Tyrion, Ned was not imprisoned yet. Cat captured Tyrion because she believed in what Petyr said, that the dagger was Tyrion's.The point still stands.  She captured Tyrion because of what she suspected he had done to Bran.   And Bran's fall was again a result of Jaime and Cersei's incest.   No incest, no fall, no need to capture Tyrion.
661	Versiroth	2013-04-29	And if Cat had been smart about it and not charged him the way she did without proper proof, Jaime wouldn't have struck Ned down in King's Landing to make a point, and if Ned hadn't challenged Joffrey's right to the throne he wouldn't have been betrayed and sentenced to death and later beheaded, and if Ned hadn't been beheaded Robb wouldn't have marched on King's Landing.And if Tywin and Joanna had separated them earlier and brought them up better, it wouldn't have happened either. And if whatever caused them not to hinder their incest in an early stage hadn't happened, it wouldn't have led to the war either. Bla bla bla.Just sayin'. The war is the result of multiple actions by multiple people.Again, NONE, I repeat NONE of those things would have happened if not for their incest.   If you want to blame Tywin, fine.  But you can't say that the incest wasn't the starting ripple effect.
662	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	And if Cat had been smart about it and not charged him the way she did without proper proof, Jaime wouldn't have struck Ned down in King's Landing to make a point, and if Ned hadn't challenged Joffrey's right to the throne he wouldn't have been betrayed and sentenced to death and later beheaded, and if Ned hadn't been beheaded Robb wouldn't have marched on King's Landing.And if Tywin and Joanna had separated them earlier and brought them up better, it wouldn't have happened either. And if whatever caused them not to hinder their incest in an early stage hadn't happened, it wouldn't have led to the war either. Bla bla bla.Just sayin'. The war is the result of multiple actions by multiple people.Exactly! I always find incredibly stupid and ridiculous (and I don't like using this word) when people blame all the bad events in one single character.
663	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />First Cersei wanted to cheat on Robert because Robert was an asshole with her. If Robert would have been a better husband maybe she wouldn't have cheated on him.Second I don't think Robert would give a fuck about the Night's Watch and the Others. Many people don't believe they exist.Third Robert and Cersei are both terrible parents, even if they would have had a trueborn child, he would be fucked up.Cersei already had a relationship with Jaime before the marriage which neither of them would have given up, and definitely not Jaime, you know that as well as I do. Cersei could've had just one of his kids, just one, and it would've been enough to stop this trainwreck from happening. Robert seems like the guy who would take Ned's (who would've been alive) advice seriously when it concerns the well-being of the North, he definitely likes going to war, and at any rate, the realm would have been more prepared for the others.Neither Tommen nor Myrcella seem 'fucked up'.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 09:45 AM.
664	drstrangelove	2013-04-29	Her capturing Tyrion caused the Lannisters to go to war, but why did she capture him again?  Oh yeah, because Cersei imprisoned Ned.  Why did she do that again?  Oh yeah, because he found out about her incestual relationship with Jaime/her bastard children.Jaime's inability to keep it in his pants is the base reason for everything that's happened so far.  If he'd have kept it in his pants, then the realm would currently be united under Robert's trueborn Son Joffrey to help the Nights Watch defeat the the Whitewalkers.Uh you are over simplifying everything and that's boring.  Your leaving out a very important cog in the series of events that is not reliant on the incestuous relationship that you claim. Littlefinger falsely implicated the Lannisters in the death of Jon Arryn conving Lysa to tell the Starks. He also falsely implicated Tyrion Lannister as the mastermind of the plot to kill Bran. Littlefinger's ambition is not a result of Jamie and Cercei's incest.
665	Versiroth	2013-04-29	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />First Cersei wanted to cheat on Robert because Robert was an asshole with her. If Robert would have been a better husband maybe she wouldn't have cheated on him.Second I don't think Robert would give a fuck about the Night's Watch and the Others. Many people don't believe they exist.Third Robert and Cersei are both terrible parents, even if they would have had a trueborn child, he would be fucked up.Jaime and Cersei were screwing way before she married Robert.   Also, Robert cared about Ned and Ned helped the Watch.
666	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	The point still stands.  She captured Tyrion because of what she suspected he had done to Bran.   And Bran's fall was again a result of Jaime and Cersei's incest.   No incest, no fall, no need to capture Tyrion.This is just blinded hate.Then if Bran would have obeyed his mother for once, he wouldn't have fallen because he wouldn't have climbed in the first place.
667	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I think Davo's dungeon must be one of the nicest I ever saw. Well lit, cosy, warm, nice goaler, he looks well fed and clean, well-groomed, his clothes look clean too. The service must be great. One might be forgiven for thinking that he was just having a nice rest. I'm surprised they don't charge him rent.I'm glad you think so, because Davos was sent there to recover, not to rot!This is just blinded hate.Then if Bran would have obeyed his mother for once, he wouldn't have fallen because he wouldn't have climbed in the first place.He wouldn't have fallen if not for the incest.The incest was what started the rippling effect. That's easy to see. As easy as it was to see for Cersei and Jaime their relationship could, and would end up having serious implications.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 09:54 AM.
668	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Uh you are over simplifying everything and that's boring.  Your leaving out a very important cog in the series of events that is not reliant on the incestuous relationship that you claim. Littlefinger falsely implicated the Lannisters in the death of Jon Arryn conving Lysa to tell the Starks. He also falsely implicated Tyrion Lannister as the mastermind of the plot to kill Bran. Littlefinger's ambition is not a result of Jamie and Cercei's incest.No, the incest isn't the reason for his ambition, true.  Though it is the primary force behind his plan.  Without it, the plan simply doesn't work.   Her incest/bastards were the primary reason for Ned, Stannis, Renly and John Arryn to take the actions that they did.
669	Versiroth	2013-04-29	This is just blinded hate.Then if Bran would have obeyed his mother for once, he wouldn't have fallen because he wouldn't have climbed in the first place.LOL, wut?   It's blind hate to blame twin's incestual relationship for the horrors that occur in this series when EVERYTHING can be pointed to said incest?   It's more like blind love on your part for Jaime it would seem.   heck, you love for that character has you DEFENDING incest for the seven's sake!
670	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Cersei already had a relationship with Jaime before the marriage which neither of them would have given up, and definitely not Jaime, you know that as well as I do. Cersei could've had just one of his kids, just one, and it would've been enough to stop this trainwreck from happening.Robert seems like the guy who would take Ned's (who would've been alive) advice seriously when it concerns the well-being of the North, he definitely likes going to war, and at any rate, the realm would have been more prepared for the others.Neither Tommen nor Myrcella seem 'fucked up'.True, but do you remember the night that Joffrey was conceived? Maybe Cersei wouldn't have founded terrible to have at least one kid with Robert if he wouldn't have been such a bad husband.Let's hope he would. Ned himself noted that Robert was different from the friend he knew.I believe they could become eventually. I don't think Joffrey was bad all his life and just for being born in incest.
671	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Not just in the show, and not just in this episode my friend /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Ah yes, but especially this episode, and many more to come!
672	Versiroth	2013-04-29	True, but do you remember the night that Joffrey was conceived? Maybe Cersei wouldn't have founded terrible to have at least one kid with Robert if he wouldn't have been such a bad husband.Let's hope he would. Ned himself noted that Robert was different from the friend he knew.I believe they could become eventually. I don't think Joffrey was bad all his life and just for being born in incest.Cersei admitted to once conceiving a baby with Robert and that Jaime took care of it before it could be born.   Also, Joffrey was always messed up.  Don't you remember the story in Feast about him doing something to a cat that made Robert beat him bloody?
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 29 April 2013 - 09:58 AM.
673	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	LOL, wut?   It's blind hate to blame twin's incestual relationship for the horrors that occur in this series when EVERYTHING can be pointed to said incest?   It's more like blind love on your part for Jaime it would seem.   heck, you love for that character has you DEFENDING incest for the seven's sake!Hold on!! When did I ever said I love Jaime? I'm not a Jaime fan. Is just like I said before:Exactly! I always find incredibly stupid and ridiculous (and I don't like using this word) when people blame all the bad events in one single character.I hate it when people blame everything in ONE single character (or two in this case). Like when people blame Cat for everything. I'm not a Cat fan, but I hate when people blame her for everything. All the events happen by multiple actions by multiple people.
674	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	As each episode goes by, Catelyn and Stannis are being presented less accurately /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />, Really? Because I thought that she was pretty much exactly as she was in the books during this episode.
675	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Nothing forced them to sleep with one another.  They had those feelings even when they were little as described by Cersei in the books.   Without their incest, nothing else that happens in the books would have happened.  It was the first proverbial domino.  And to say those that dislike Jaime are narrow minded is you being a little narrow minded yourself.   Honestly, if I knew any child murders in RL, I don't think they'd ever be able to make it up in life either.  And you can't say that he's not a child murder just because Bran lived.  He had every intention for him to die in that fall.Yes, but perhaps their parents could have prevented them, or had them reconsider the sense in doing just that in the first place. It's not as if Joanna explained to them why it was wrong when it was discovered by... a maid? I think. She separated them and told them never to do it again. How's that for good parenting? So, we might just call that the reason for the war. All I'm saying is that one person's action never is the single cause. There is always a chain of events leading to the result.I don't mind people disliking Jaime at all, but most people who hate him can't admit to him even attempting to change, or having any good qualities, because they are blinded by their hatred for him, usually because of what he did to Bran. People can hate him all they like, but to say he is a complete asshole or force of evil without any good qualities at all (as is common by those who dislike him) is just wrong. It's not true. And that is what I oppose and mind. A person who can't admit to his attempts to change for the better when he clearly is, or that he has any good qualities what so ever, strikes me as ignorant. There is definitely more to Jaime than what he did to Bran, and it is a pity when people can't see that.There are plenty characters I hate in the books, but I would never either of them pure evil or such. With the exception of Joffrey perhaps, or Brienne. They are pretty much black and white, but I'm happily proven wrong.
676	DemiNymph	2013-04-29	The incest was not the start of the war. Renly and Loras were already plotting to marry Marge to Robert and kick out Cersei, no mention of any incest then. Robert died and everyone wanted a justification to rebel and get a piece of the pie, that's all.
677	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Cersei admitted to once conceiving a baby with Robert and that Jaime took care of it before it could be born.   Also, Joffrey was always messed up.  Don't you remember the story in Feast about him doing something to a cat that made Robert beat him bloody?That wasn't Cersei's first child. Maybe she would've had the baby if she didn't hate Robert for the way he trated her.But is he messed up just for being born in incest? If that's so, then why Myrcella and Tommen are not?
678	drstrangelove	2013-04-29	If Littlefinger was responsible for Jon Arryn's death then the fact that Jamie and Cercei engaged in incest did not cause the course of events to take place. He was killed as a means to furthering his own position,  You can make the arguement the fact that Littlefinger was never able to marry Catlyn Stark played a bigger role in the events of the series.  The incestous relationship was the excuse he used to trigger his plan, but at the end of the day it was his ambition that caused the civil war.
679	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Hold on!! When did I ever said I love Jaime? I'm not a Jaime fan. Is just like I said before:I hate it when people blame everything in ONE single character (or two in this case). Like when people blame Cat for everything. I'm not a Cat fan, but I hate when people blame her for everything.All the events happen by multiple actions by multiple people.Just because you hate when someone claims that one character is the cause of everything doesn't mean I'm wrong.   A lot of characters have made a lot of choices to forge the events as a whole, but the first domino in this long chain of events WAS the incestual relationship between Jaime and Cersei.   That really can't be denied.
680	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	The incest was not the start of the war. Renly and Loras were already plotting to marry Marge to Robert and kick out Cersei, no mention of any incest then. Robert died and everyone wanted a justification to rebel and get a piece of the pie, that's all.Yeah, but Robert died because Cersei made sure that Lancel poisoned him.
681	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Again, NONE, I repeat NONE of those things would have happened if not for their incest.   If you want to blame Tywin, fine.  But you can't say that the incest wasn't the starting ripple effect.I'm editing this post, so;I haven't. You seemed to be implying that their incest was the single cause for the war, which isn't true. Yes, it definitely was part in causing the war as it, as you said, had a ripple effect. But all those characters that made moves after Bran had been pushed out the window were also cause for the war as they all made certain choices. Had they in turn not made said choices (the same way, if Jaime hadn't slept with Cersei he wouldn't have pushed Bran out the window) it might have turned out different. Every choice made by every character in the chain of events led to an outcome, in this case, the war.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
682	drstrangelove	2013-04-29	Just because you hate when someone claims that one character is the cause of everything doesn't mean I'm wrong.   A lot of characters have made a lot of choices to forge the events as a whole, but the first domino in this long chain of events WAS the incestual relationship between Jaime and Cersei.   That really can't be denied.Denied. The first Domino was Littlefinger deciding to cause trouble. Their relationship was a means to an end for him. His plan to better his situation was in place way before he became aware of the Lannisters.
					
					
							Edited by drstrangelove, 29 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
683	snowtarg	2013-04-29	Barristan was on the Small Council in Season 1 of the show.  Remember how only he and Ned argued against sending an assassin to kill Dany?  It's apparent that Barristan is lying to Jorah because he doesn't want Jorah to know that he knows that Jorah was a spy for Varys.You're getting the books and the TV show confused, which Brian Cogman is fully aware of, which was my whole point.In the show everyone is unanimous against Ned that Dany should be assassinated.  There is no Barristan.  I've seen all the episodes more than a dozen times.  I'm deeply ashamed of myself.My apologies!  I just re-watched the small council scene in question (S1, Episode 5) and Barristan was not there.  My memory has apparently fused the book scene with the show scene, because I still see Barristan there in my mind's eye.
684	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Just because you hate when someone claims that one character is the cause of everything doesn't mean I'm wrong.   A lot of characters have made a lot of choices to forge the events as a whole, but the first domino in this long chain of events WAS the incestual relationship between Jaime and Cersei.   That really can't be denied.Denied.There you have it!
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
685	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Yes, but perhaps their parents could have prevented them, or had them reconsider the sense in doing just that in the first place. It's not as if Joanna explained to them why it was wrong when it was discovered by... a maid? I think. She separated them and told them never to do it again. How's that for good parenting? So, we might just call that the reason for the war. All I'm saying is that one person's action never is the single cause. There is always a chain of events leading to the result.I don't mind people disliking Jaime at all, but most people who hate him can't admit to him even attempting to change, or having any good qualities, because they are blinded by their hatred for him, usually because of what he did to Bran. People can hate him all they like, but to say he is a complete asshole or force of evil without any good qualities at all (as is common by those who dislike him) is just wrong. It's not true. And that is what I oppose and mind. A person who can't admit to his attempts to change for the better when he clearly is, or that he has any good qualities what so ever, strikes me as ignorant. There is definitely more to Jaime than what he did to Bran, and it is a pity when people can't see that.There are plenty characters I hate in the books, but I would never either of them pure evil or such. With the exception of Joffrey perhaps, or Brienne. They are pretty much black and white, but I'm happily proven wrong.I don't dislike Jaime because I believe that he's pure evil.   I dislike him because of even when he's trying to do something good he comes off as an asshole. He can't get out of his own way long enough to become a truly good character person.
686	relish5k	2013-04-29	I'd say that the best parts of this episode (there were many!) were the Robb parts. Loved the Karstark beheading scene - especially the use of Theon's theme as the score! Anyone catch that? I thought it was brilliant, and echoed Theon's beheading of Ser Rodrick. Also, seeing Robb actually get to come up with a clever plan at the end was nice. Honestly, it'll help provide a buildup for the climax this season.It was! I wasn't sure if they would show Robb botch the execution, since they already made that moment happen with Theon. But I really like how they connected the two thematically.
687	Versiroth	2013-04-29	If Littlefinger was responsible for Jon Arryn's death then the fact that Jamie and Cercei engaged in incest did not cause the course of events to take place. He was killed as a means to furthering his own position,  You can make the arguement the fact that Littlefinger was never able to marry Catlyn Stark played a bigger role in the events of the series.  The incestous relationship was the excuse he used to trigger his plan, but at the end of the day it was his ambition that caused the civil war.No, it was the fact that Robert had no true born sons that causes the war.   Which again points to the incest.   Ned would have protected Roberts kids unto his death if they would have been his true children.
688	Peptalk	2013-04-29	I don't dislike Jaime because I believe that he's pure evil.   I dislike him because of even when he's trying to do something good he comes off as an asshole. He can't get out of his own way long enough to become a truly good character person.Oh, I wasn't saying you do, merely that that is the general impression I have of people who hate or strongly dislike him. In which scenes do you think he comes off as an asshole despite trying to do some good? Just curious.
689	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Just because you hate when someone claims that one character is the cause of everything doesn't mean I'm wrong.   A lot of characters have made a lot of choices to forge the events as a whole, but the first domino in this long chain of events WAS the incestual relationship between Jaime and Cersei.   That really can't be denied.By your logic then why not blame everything on Tyrion? Jaime and Cersei where in that stage when kids are "exploring" their sexuality. They needed to be educated so it wouldn't go the wrong way. Joanna noticed it, so she was trying to keep them separated. But Tyrion was born and Joanna died in childbirth, so she couldn't keep educating them and it went the wrong way. So it is all Tyrion's fault. (which I don't believe)
690	Versiroth	2013-04-29	If Littlefinger was responsible for Jon Arryn's death then the fact that Jamie and Cercei engaged in incest did not cause the course of events to take place. He was killed as a means to furthering his own position,  You can make the arguement the fact that Littlefinger was never able to marry Catlyn Stark played a bigger role in the events of the series.  The incestous relationship was the excuse he used to trigger his plan, but at the end of the day it was his ambition that caused the civil war.If there was no incest, then Bran would have never been pushed out of a window.   No cripple Bran, no captured Tyrion, No reason for the Lannisters to go to war.   Also, if there wouldn't have been any incest, then Cersei would have give birth a a true-born son for Robert.    A son that Ned, Stannis and Renly would have protected.   So, they would not have gone to war either.  Littlefinger would have been a gun with no bullets without the incest.
691	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-04-29	Oh, I disagree.  I think the portrayal of Tywin is very true to the books; Dance's performance is simply putting a face to the name.  Saying that Tywin is a "bully" is not an accurate description of the character given his track record.  Yes, he sometimes forces people to do things in HIS best interest, but he also fights people (Tarback's; Catemere's, the Darke's of Duskendale).  He is not a man given to empty promises; in fact that Tywin's most notable character trait - if he tells you he is going to do something, he does it.  There was a REASON that the people who eventually do business with Tywin did business with him - because they knew they could trust Tywin.  As strange as that may seem.  Further, Tywin is actually an exceptional good judge of character and his moves in the books (and before the books) show this.To me, the reason viewers like Tywin is because Tywin is intelligent, savvy, ruthless, and effective.  So many characters - in a time ruled by all these attributes - seem to lack many of them.Maybe bully is the wrong word...I meant that Tywin gets people to do things not by establishing that these things are actually good ideas but by cowing the people he's dealing with.  He certainly doesn't make empty threats, but that's part of it.  People do trust him...but mostly they trust him to destroy them if they cross him.  When he throws out scathing insults, they are effective not because they are necesarily accurate but because he has such a dominating demeanor.When it comes to judging people and situations he's generally good but also makes important missteps, usually in the form of underestimating the other person.  He underestimates Robb in their first battles against each other, although I will admit his other war-related decisions are very "savy and ruthless."  Mainly he misjudges people in his personal circle, particularly his children.  This comes to a head towards the end of SoS when Jaime flatly refuses to do what Tywin wants and then Tyrion gets the jump on Tywin in the privy.  I think Tywin also severly underestimates Cercei's cleverness, ruthlessness, and personal drive, although that misjudgement doesn't end up having severe, direct consequenses for him.There's some other things he doesn't catch on to as well...the Red Viper planning to champion Tyrion and Littlefinger spiriting away Sansa.  He doesn't catch on to any aspect of the Joffrey murder conspiracy.So, *in general*, Tywin is savy, ruthless, and effective, but he frequently has blind spots and makes some pretty severe mistakes when it comes to judging certain characters.  I'm just afraid his judgement flaws are getting lost in the awesome performance.  But I guess when his crows come home to roost next season it will become pretty apparent to everyone.EDIT:  I also agree that show Tywin is very true to book Tywin; I just think book Tywin is presented in such a way that his flaws are more apparent.
					
					
							Edited by Smaug the Dreadful, 29 April 2013 - 10:38 AM.
692	Versiroth	2013-04-29	By your logic then why not blame everything on Tyrion? Jaime and Cersei where in that stage when kids are "exploring" their sexuality. They needed to be educated so it wouldn't go the wrong way. Joanna noticed it, so she was trying to keep them separated. But Tyrion was born and Joanna died in childbirth, so she couldn't keep educating them and it went the wrong way. So it is all Tyrion's fault. (which I don't believe)The incest was a choice.  A choice that they continued into their adult lives.  You're going to honestly tell me that something that happened due to pure happenstance is equal to two people making a conscience choice, knowing all the while it was wrong?Jaime and Cersei shouldn't be held accountable for their actions here?   Because it seems like that's what you're trying to do.  Blame anyone and everyone except for the two responsible.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 29 April 2013 - 10:37 AM.
693	Peptalk	2013-04-29	The incest was a choice.  A choice that they continued into their adult lives.  You're going to honestly tell me that something that happened due to pure happenstance is equal to two people making a conscience choice, knowing all the while it was wrong?Well, to be fair, they were small children at the time. I'm not sure they were aware it was wrong. You could argue that Joanna's separating them and telling them to never do it again should have been enough but given their age at the time I wouldn't blame either party if it wasn't. Looking at history the Targaryens wed their siblings for centuries, and unless she ever discussed it with them again I'm fairly certain that would convince them that it was alright despite what she said that one time. A child whose mother tells him/her once that what he/she is doing is wrong once doesn't usually have the desired effect. Things usually have to be explained several times to children.Although, once they became older, yes, they should probably have realized it was wrong if that is the common opinion in Westeros. I can understand if they didn't stop after having done it for such long time though, given that it had worked just fine all along (= nothing ever happened that indicated that it was wrong, any illness or such).
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 10:45 AM.
694	JMJ	2013-04-29	By your logic then why not blame everything on Tyrion? Jaime and Cersei where in that stage when kids are "exploring" their sexuality. They needed to be educated so it wouldn't go the wrong way. Joanna noticed it, so she was trying to keep them separated. But Tyrion was born and Joanna died in childbirth, so she couldn't keep educating them and it went the wrong way. So it is all Tyrion's fault. (which I don't believe)Hey, then blame Tywin for getting Joanna preggers with Tyrion in the first place...
695	rmholt	2013-04-29	I agree. Its only been about a few months since Renly died. In another way, it only adds to the misconception that gay people are promiscuous.Isnt it Known that men as a general rule tend to rebound sexually sooner than women = go looking for another mate ASAP?  Anyway it doesnt matter so much to the TV version.And if Loras is being promiscuous he isnt doing it very well.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 29 April 2013 - 10:46 AM.
696	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Well, to be fair, they were small children at the time. I'm not sure they were aware it was wrong. You could argue that Joanna's separating them and telling them to never do it again should have been enough but given their age at the time I wouldn't blame either party if it wasn't. Looking at history the Targaryens wed their siblings for centuries, and unless she ever discussed it with them again I'm fairly certain that would convince them that it was alright despite what she said that one time. A child whose mother tells him/her once that what he/she is doing is wrong once doesn't usually have the desired effect. Things usually have to be explained several times to children.Although, once they became older, yes, they should probably have realized it was wrong if that is the common opinion in Westeros.Regardess of what happened when they were children, the adults that chose to kill King Robert's true-born fetus and only give birth to Jaime's were adults and completely accountable for their actions.  Actions that caused a horrible ripple effect that hurt all of the seven kingdoms.   I'm just surprised that people actually try to justify their actions.   The incest was completely wrong and absolutely no good came from it at all.
697	Mappy	2013-04-29	Am I the only one who finds the incest argument to be hilarious?
698	Sansa in the North	2013-04-29	The incest was a choice.In the words of Jaime Lannister, we can't choose who we love.And why do you say that Cersei would have given Robert an heir if there was no incest? Robert would have still mistreated her and called her Lyanna. She wouldn't have loved him or wanted his children. And she shouldn't be obliged to have his children if she doesn't want to, even if she is the queen, especially since it was probably her father, not her, who decided that she should be queen.  Also, someone up thread said that Jaime is still fighting for the wrong side. Erm, excuse me, he is fighting for his family. There is nor right and wrong side in Westeros. The right side does not equal the Starks.
					
					
							Edited by Sansa in the North, 29 April 2013 - 10:51 AM.
699	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Regardess of what happened when they were children, the adults that chose to kill King Robert's true-born fetus and only give birth to Jaime's were adults and completely accountable for their actions.  Actions that caused a horrible ripple effect that hurt all of the seven kingdoms.   I'm just surprised that people actually try to justify their actions.   The incest was completely wrong and absolutely no good came from it at all.I like to view things from different angles. Makes for a more interesting discussion.
700	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	Well, to be fair, they were small children at the time. I'm not sure they were aware it was wrong. You could argue that Joanna's separating them and telling them to never do it again should have been enough but given their age at the time I wouldn't blame either party if it wasn't. Looking at history the Targaryens wed their siblings for centuries, and unless she ever discussed it with them again I'm fairly certain that would convince them that it was alright despite what she said that one time. A child whose mother tells him/her once that what he/she is doing is wrong once doesn't usually have the desired effect. Things usually have to be explained several times to children.Although, once they became older, yes, they should probably have realized it was wrong if that is the common opinion in Westeros.The incest itself is not necessarily the problem in my eyes. It is the fact that they continued to do it and Cersei only bore children that were products of it. At a base level, it doesn't even matter if its wrong of if they see it as wrong.  More critical is that they are doing it while married to the king. Continuing to do it risks their lives, their family's lives, the health of the realm and the lives of the children that Cersei is said to love so much. JMO
701	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	Hey, then blame Tywin for getting Joanna preggers with Tyrion in the first place...Yes, we can butterfly effect our way as far back as we want, right? lol
702	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	The incest was a choice.  A choice that they continued into their adult lives.  You're going to honestly tell me that something that happened due to pure happenstance is equal to two people making a conscience choice, knowing all the while it was wrong?Jaime and Cersei shouldn't be held accountable for their actions here?   Because it seems like that's what you're trying to do.  Blame anyone and everyone except for the two responsible.They grew up thinking there was nothing wrong with it. If you read Cersei's memory when they where kids and their mother saw them, she didn't understand why they were being kept separated and why it was wrong. Later when they where old enough they learnt it was wrong, but it was too late because they already had feelings for each other, they already loved each other, and Cersei having a terrible husband didn't help.Of course they've done terrible things. But they are not the cause of every simgle thing that happens, and that's why I disagree with you.Bran's fall can also be blamed in other people, not only in Jaime and Cersei. If Bran would've obey his mother, nothing would have happened. If Ned would've taking Bran hunting with the rest... If Bran would learn to not to listen to other people's conversations..., I Jon wouldn't have been so self-centered, emo, and would have played with Bran.... It's not ONLY Cersei and Jaime's fault.
703	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	I would think it would be better to suggest that the incest was a catalyst rather than a cause.  Ultimately the cause of the war was the original rebellion ending in Robert becoming king and being piss poor at the job.  He was never able to truly unite the 7 Kingdoms under him.  The Lannisters continued to plot to take the Iron Throne.  IMO, Tywin was aware of the poisoning of Robert before it happened and approved of it.   Also the Tyrells clearly have their own desires to gain the throne.   Not to mention the Greyjoys and the Northmen barely caring about the king.
Perhaps without the incest, Stannis would have been made king.  But he would have been no better as king than Robert or, more precisely, no better at uniting the kingdom.  
Ultimately it was the political divide that caused the war.  The incest just defined the path it would go.
704	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Hey, then blame Tywin for getting Joanna preggers with Tyrion in the first place...Now you get my point.Am I the only one who finds the incest argument to be hilarious?No, I'm laughing so hard reading and participating in this discusion.I like to view things from different angles. Makes for a more interesting discussion. Me, too  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
705	Peptalk	2013-04-29	The incest itself is not necessarily the problem in my eyes. It is the fact that they continued to do it and Cersei only bore children that were products of it. At a base level, it doesn't even matter if its wrong of if they see it as wrong.  More critical is that they are doing it while married to the king. Continuing to do it risks their lives, their family's lives, the health of the realm and the lives of the children that Cersei is said to love so much. JMOI suppose that is true. It was quite idiotic to continue when she had married Robert, but on the other hand, if I look at it through their eyes (and especially Cerseis) I think they felt it was justified because of the way Robert treated her. She tells him (Robert) at some point that she had loved him and wanted to be with him, but that she started despising him instead after he kept calling her Lyanna and continued to show that he didn't care for her the same way. I don't think his whoring around helped the cause. Perhaps it would have been different had he treated her better.
706	Versiroth	2013-04-29	In the words of Jaime Lannister, we can't choose who we love.And why do you say that Cersei would have given Robert an heir if there was no incest? Robert would have still mistreated her and called her Lyanna. She wouldn't have loved him or wanted his children. And she shouldn't be obliged to have his children if she doesn't want to, even if she is the queen, especially since it was probably her father, not her, who decided that she should be queen.  Also, someone up thread said that Jaime is still fighting for the wrong side. Erm, excuse me, he is fighting for his family. There is nor right and wrong side in Westeros. The right side does not equal the Starks.Wow........
707	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I would think it would be better to suggest that the incest was a catalyst rather than a cause.  Ultimately the cause of the war was the original rebellion ending in Robert becoming king and being piss poor at the job.  He was never able to truly unite the 7 Kingdoms under him.  The Lannisters continued to plot to take the Iron Throne.  IMO, Tywin was aware of the poisoning of Robert before it happened and approved of it.   Also the Tyrells clearly have their own desires to gain the throne.   Not to mention the Greyjoys and the Northmen barely caring about the king.Perhaps without the incest, Stannis would have been made king.  But he would have been no better as king than Robert or, more precisely, no better at uniting the kingdom.  Ultimately it was the political divide that caused the war.  The incest just defined the path it would go.Don't forget the Martells who haven't forgotten. The incest may have defined the path, but it's not the ONE single cause of all the events. And yes, I agree with you.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 11:01 AM.
708	NickyM	2013-04-29	While I agree you can't choose who you love, you can choose how to act on it.  It's what separates us from animals.  It was his choice to sleep with his sister, and to do all the horrible things he did, it was also his choice to slay the king and not defend his actions.
So here's my question, Can everything Jaime did that was wrong be tied back to that moment that Ned Stark branded him an Oathbreaker and a traitor?  Is it all because of that moment that Jaime chose to live up to the expectations of being the Oathbreaker.  Was Cersi a virgin when she wedded Robert?
I do have to say that if you are a queen it is your obligation to have heirs and bastards are not true heirs.  She wasn't choosing to have incestual heirs because Robert was oh so mean to her.  She was being plotting and manipultive from the get go, and those were her choices.
					
					
							Edited by NickyM, 29 April 2013 - 01:02 PM.
709	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I suppose that is true. It was quite idiotic to continue when she had married Robert, but on the other hand, if I look at it through their eyes (and especially Cerseis) I think they felt it was justified because of the way Robert treated her. She tells him (Robert) at some point that she had loved him and wanted to be with him, but that she started despising him instead after he kept calling her Lyanna and continued to show that he didn't care for her the same way. I don't think his whoring around helped the cause. Perhaps it would have been different had he treated her better.Besides, when Robert had sex with Cersei he was so fucking drunk, and he hurt her.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 11:05 AM.
710	reebz	2013-04-29	One question, what did Jaime say to Brienne in the bath to infuriate her so much she stood up in front of him? I rewound the dvr numerous times but couldn't make it out.
711	Peptalk	2013-04-29	I suppose that is true. It was quite idiotic to continue when she had married Robert, but on the other hand, if I look at it through their eyes (and especially Cerseis) I think they felt it was justified because of the way Robert treated her. She tells him (Robert) at some point that she had loved him and wanted to be with him, but that she started despising him instead after he kept calling her Lyanna and continued to show that he didn't care for her the same way. I don't think his whoring around helped the cause. Perhaps it would have been different had he treated her better.Also, looking at Cersei as a person, I don't think she ever thought that she was less important than Robert, or that she in any way should bow to him just because he was the king. He certainly was the king, but she was his queen - and if it was alright for him to whore around I'm fairly certain she thought she was entitled to a lover as well. It must have been natural for her to continue sleeping with Jaime if she were to have a lover after being married to Robert.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 11:07 AM.
712	Janicia	2013-04-29	I think Tywin wants Cersei remarried and out of the capital more than he cares who she marries.  But can you imagine Cersei in Dorne?  How long would it take for her to singlehandedly start a new civil war?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Loras might actually be a decent match for Cersei <U+0080><U+0093> they could probably come to some sort of discrete arrangement regarding their lovers, and it would get her out from under Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s thumb. 
It looks like they<U+0080><U+0099>re skipping Arya and Gendry at the bar and Arya and Gendry at the Acorn hall, which makes sense <U+0080><U+0093> those scenes aren<U+0080><U+0099>t necessary and it would be easy to make Gendry creepy with that sort of thing.  But I thought they were cute scenes and was looking forward to a little adorable awkwardness between the two of them.
I do hope we get Loras<U+0080><U+0099> candle line in there somewhere. 
I don<U+0080><U+0099>t like the Talisa-as-a-spy theory.  What point would it be?  Just to show that Robb was thoroughly outclassed by Tywin?  To show that one of the very few happy couples on the continent was a lie? We already have Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s betrayal of Ygritte, can<U+0080><U+0099>t Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s tragedy at least feature devoted love between two people? It just seems like Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s story is dark enough already, and I don<U+0080><U+0099>t see what the story gains from spy-Talisa.  (Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family was devious, but the girl was honestly in love with Robb) Anyway, it hardly requires a spy married to the King to observe troop movements.
Littlefinger<U+0080><U+0099>s little smile after Cersei mentioned that she<U+0080><U+0099>d like him to be better at keeping an eye on the Tyrells than at finding Arya was more evidence to me, at least, that he did recognize her at Harrenhal.
I wonder if Varys will somehow engineer Jorah<U+0080><U+0099>s downfall?  We keep having these hints of Varys<U+0080><U+0099> global connections; and it would be interesting to start seeing him pulling strings in Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s plotline.
713	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	I suppose that is true. It was quite idiotic to continue when she had married Robert, but on the other hand, if I look at it through their eyes (and especially Cerseis) I think they felt it was justified because of the way Robert treated her. She tells him (Robert) at some point that she had loved him and wanted to be with him, but that she started despising him instead after he kept calling her Lyanna and continued to show that he didn't care for her the same way. I don't think his whoring around helped the cause. Perhaps it would have been different had he treated her better.I'm totally with your here. I just don't know that it changes anything.
714	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Besides, when Robert had sex with Cersei he was so fucking drunk, and he hurt her.Right! I had forgotten that, yes.
715	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	While I agree you can't choose who you love, you can choose how to act on it.  It's what separates us from animals.  It was his choice to sleep with his sister, and to do all the horrible things he did, it was also his choice to slay the king and not defend his actions.So here's my question, Can everything Jaime did that was wrong be tied back to that moment that Ned Stark branded him an Oathbreaker and a traitor?  Is it all because of that moment that Jaime chose to live up to the expectations of being the Oathbreaker.  Was Cersi a virgin when she wedded Robert?I do have to say that if you are a queen it is you obligation to have heirs and bastards are not true heirs.  She wasn't choosing to have incestual heirs because Robert was oh so mean to her.  She was being plotting and manipultive from the get go, and those were here choices.It's possible that Jaime, a guy who joined the Kingsguard which required celibacy, was trying to run away from Cersei but the scorn he faced after killing Aerys, drove him right back into her arms.  Or it's possible, and what I inferred from the books, that Jaime joined the Kingsguard as a way to avoid being forced to marry someone else while he continued to schtup Cersei.
716	Versiroth	2013-04-29	I honestly give up on this conversation as I'm only arguing in circles anyway.   I think Jaime's an ass.  I feel zero sympathy for Cersei.  I think Incest is bad.  I hope neither survive to see the 7th book.
There, I'm done.   Have at it. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
717	Janicia	2013-04-29	One question, what did Jaime say to Brienne in the bath to infuriate her so much she stood up in front of him? I rewound the dvr numerous times but couldn't make it out.Something about how she was doing a terrible job of getting him to Kings Landing in one piece, and no wonder Renly died under her protection.
718	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	One question, what did Jaime say to Brienne in the bath to infuriate her so much she stood up in front of him? I rewound the dvr numerous times but couldn't make it out.No wonder Renley died with you protecting him.
719	Peptalk	2013-04-29	One question, what did Jaime say to Brienne in the bath to infuriate her so much she stood up in front of him? I rewound the dvr numerous times but couldn't make it out."If I faint, pull me out. I'm don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bath tub.""Why should I care how you die?""You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him."
720	~ZombieWife~	2013-04-29	lol at people who are truly getting upset over some of these thoughts, theories and comments.
That is all.
721	JMJ	2013-04-29	RE: morally judging the Twincest, remember that there was plenty of precedence for that. It was the Targaryen way, out in the open. It makes the Twincest very modestly less of a travesty in the context of Westerosi mores.
722	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	While I agree you can't choose who you love, you can choose how to act on it.  It's what separates us from animals.  It was his choice to sleep with his sister, and to do all the horrible things he did, it was also his choice to slay the king and not defend his actions.So here's my question, Can everything Jaime did that was wrong be tied back to that moment that Ned Stark branded him an Oathbreaker and a traitor?  Is it all because of that moment that Jaime chose to live up to the expectations of being the Oathbreaker.  Was Cersi a virgin when she wedded Robert?I do have to say that if you are a queen it is you obligation to have heirs and bastards are not true heirs.  She wasn't choosing to have incestual heirs because Robert was oh so mean to her.  She was being plotting and manipultive from the get go, and those were here choices.Now you are just going to feed the people that will want to blame Ned, lol.I can see how some of Robert's actions may have made Cersei want to get back at him by hooking up with Jaime and bearing his kids. But I can't say with confidence that they ever would have stopped, regardless of how good Robert was to her. I am not not completely buying that Cersei gave a good faith effort to Robert or a further argument that if he was only nicer she would have been a loving wife and stopped screwing her brother. I find that flimsy
723	Peptalk	2013-04-29	It's possible that Jaime, a guy who joined the Kingsguard which required celibacy, was trying to run away from Cersei but the scorn he faced after killing Aerys, drove him right back into her arms.  Or it's possible, and what I inferred from the books, that Jaime joined the Kingsguard as a way to avoid being forced to marry someone else while he continued to schtup Cersei.Cersei convinced him to join the Kingsguard to hinder him from getting married. He joined the Kingsguard because it would keep him close to her.
724	Brewmaster	2013-04-29	Every bad thing that happens in the story is actually Rhaegar's fault
725	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Every bad thing that happens in the story is actually Rhaegar's faultHehe!
726	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I honestly give up on this conversation as I'm only arguing in circles anyway.   I think Jaime's an ass.  I feel zero sympathy for Cersei.  I think Incest is bad.  I hope neither survive to see the 7th book.There, I'm done.   Have at it. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />lol /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> No problem man I enjoyed this discusion. I think the funniest thing are the posts comenting on the episode in the middle of this incest argument /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
727	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	Cersei convinced him to join the Kingsguard to hinder him from getting married. He joined the Kingsguard because it would keep him close to her.Was that explicitly stated in the book?  I couldn't remember.
728	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	Yes, we can butterfly effect our way as far back as we want, right? lolIf Cat had loved Jon Snow, the Lannisters would have never had an incestuous relationship.
729	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Every bad thing that happens in the story is actually Rhaegar's faultNo, it all goes back to Aegon the Conqueror.
730	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	I think Tywin wants Cersei remarried and out of the capital more than he cares who she marries.  But can you imagine Cersei in Dorne?  How long would it take for her to singlehandedly start a new civil war?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Loras might actually be a decent match for Cersei <U+0080><U+0093> they could probably come to some sort of discrete arrangement regarding their lovers, and it would get her out from under Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s thumb.It looks like they<U+0080><U+0099>re skipping Arya and Gendry at the bar and Arya and Gendry at the Acorn hall, which makes sense <U+0080><U+0093> those scenes aren<U+0080><U+0099>t necessary and it would be easy to make Gendry creepy with that sort of thing.  But I thought they were cute scenes and was looking forward to a little adorable awkwardness between the two of them.I do hope we get Loras<U+0080><U+0099> candle line in there somewhere.I don<U+0080><U+0099>t like the Talisa-as-a-spy theory.  What point would it be?  Just to show that Robb was thoroughly outclassed by Tywin?  To show that one of the very few happy couples on the continent was a lie? We already have Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s betrayal of Ygritte, can<U+0080><U+0099>t Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s tragedy at least feature devoted love between two people? It just seems like Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s story is dark enough already, and I don<U+0080><U+0099>t see what the story gains from spy-Talisa.  (Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family was devious, but the girl was honestly in love with Robb) Anyway, it hardly requires a spy married to the King to observe troop movements.Littlefinger<U+0080><U+0099>s little smile after Cersei mentioned that she<U+0080><U+0099>d like him to be better at keeping an eye on the Tyrells than at finding Arya was more evidence to me, at least, that he did recognize her at Harrenhal.I wonder if Varys will somehow engineer Jorah<U+0080><U+0099>s downfall?  We keep having these hints of Varys<U+0080><U+0099> global connections; and it would be interesting to start seeing him pulling strings in Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s plotline.Agree. It takes the "good guys don't always win" idea too far. On the heels of Ned/Littlefinger, it starts turning the good guys into bumbling fools and bad guys into having every evil scheme work out perfectly for them. IMHO
731	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	No, it all goes back to Aegon the Conqueror.Nope, the Doom of Valyria.
732	reebz	2013-04-29	No wonder Renley died with you protecting him.Thank you. I can finally sleep.
733	relish5k	2013-04-29	What I Am On the Fence about:The Queen of Thorns and Hammy Writing:  I like Lady Olenna and I enjoy her scenes in bite sized portions.  But <U+0080> every week it appears to be the same thing: Lady Olenna sits down next to an established character; the established character immediately losses all the intellect, charm, wit and danger they possessed up to the moment they met Lady Olenna and act ham-handed, clumsy, foolish and boarder-line stupid.  Started with Sansa, continued with Cersei, reached ridiculous heights with Varys and culminated this week in the show utterly neutering its best character<U+0080> all to make Olenna seemed smart.  This week was the worst because Tyrion is the best character on the show and to make him seem tongue-tied, awkward, clumsy and intimidated by her is utterly out of place.I actually really like that they're playing up her character more than in the books. And Tyrion is supposed to be all down after the Blackwater, and I'm glad she calls him out on it. "Brow-beaten bookkeeper" was an excellent line IMO. Plus, I thought the scene was important for conveying crucial information - just how important the Tyrells are exactly in propping up the Lannisters.
734	Peptalk	2013-04-29	lol /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> No problem man I enjoyed this discusion.I think the funniest thing are the posts comenting on the episode in the middle of this incest argument /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Yeah, I don't think they actually read the entire thread while posting, hehe.And yes Versiroth > I feel that way sometimes too. It was nice discussing with you anyway, though!
735	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Was that explicitly stated in the book?  I couldn't remember.Perhaps not phrased like that, but I re-read certain Jaime chapters recently for reference in a discussion and think I read something along those lines. I may also have read something someone quoted from the books.
736	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Perhaps not phrased like that, but I re-read certain Jaime chapters recently for reference in a discussion and think I read something along those lines. I may also have read something someone quoted from the books.Ah, I found it. I think I got it off his Wiki-page which I assume is correct."At the age of fifteen, Jaime was knighted on the battlefield by Ser Arthur Dayne during the campaign against the Kingswood Brotherhood[9], during which he saved Lord Crakehall from Big Belly Ben and crossed swords with the psychotic Smiling Knight. On his return to King's Landing he stopped to visit his sister, from whom he had been separated for years.It was there that Cersei told him that Lord Tywin intended to marry him to Lysa Tully, second daughter of Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun. Cersei suggested that Jaime become a member of the Kingsguard instead, replacing the recently deceased Ser Harlan Grandison, to be close to her and free himself of the unwanted marriage to Lysa. After a night of passionate sex he gave his consent to Cersei's plan and within a month she had orchestrated it.[9]"
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 11:27 AM.
737	Olympia	2013-04-29	I didn't quite catch that bit in the episode where Tywin told Cersei she's going to marry Loras instead. So, is Loras the heir to Highgarden in the show? If yes then I am upset because I've always wanted to, if not meet, but hear something about Willas (and with Willas is Garlan). Tywin should've also proposed that Cersei also consider marrying Oberyn Martell because, idk, don't you think it's about time they set up the appearance of the Martells since the Royal Wedding is fast approaching?
738	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Nope, the Doom of Valyria.Nope, when the first Rhoynar invaded Westeros, or the invasion of the Andals, or the First Men.No wait, it all goes back to September 20, 1948. They day GRRM was born.
739	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	If Cat had loved Jon Snow, the Lannisters would have never had an incestuous relationship. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  You're killing me. Someone should create a thread about that in the "Sansa is the worst person in Westeros" style.
740	MsKaitlinK	2013-04-29	Varys' little birds.That's what I thought. Just someone in the world saw all the Karstarks rush off.  Karstark being executed is kind of a big deal.  I am sure lots of Ravens went out.I don't think there is anything nefarious about Robb's wife.  I think they just thought it would be more interesting and less complicated for her to be a foreigner with no real back story.
741	rmholt	2013-04-29	Littlefinger<U+0080><U+0099>s little smile after Cersei mentioned that she<U+0080><U+0099>d like him to be better at keeping an eye on the Tyrells than at finding Arya was more evidence to me, at least, that he did recognize her at Harrenhal.IIRC that question was answered an episode or so ago - definitively.So, can anyone direct me to the episode discussion?
742	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	No, the incest isn't the reason for his ambition, true.  Though it is the primary force behind his plan.  Without it, the plan simply doesn't work.   Her incest/bastards were the primary reason for Ned, Stannis, Renly and John Arryn to take the actions that they did. Renly didn't rebel because he believed that Joffrey was the son of Jaime. He rebelled because he thought that, despite Joffrey being the son of Robert, he was a monster.Really? Because I thought that she was pretty much exactly as she was in the books during this episode. She barely made an appearance at all, except to stand in the background looking sad. The show is treating her like a background character.
743	Inceptor	2013-04-29	If you lost your children  in a war or any other way you would go  crazy as well ,  probably would try the revenge , keeping some awkward  stuff home and etc. 
Dont say  that someone is insane  or crazy  just because  after so much pain they had no other choice but to give up from the normal life ....
The moral of the story
Dont sex your sister or you get a child like Joffrey , start wars and stuff  .....
744	rmholt	2013-04-29	Nope, when the first Rhoynar invaded Westeros, or the invasion of the Andals, or the First Men.No wait, it all goes back to September 20, 1948. They day GRRM was born.He was the First Man
745	MsKaitlinK	2013-04-29	I didn't quite catch that bit in the episode where Tywin told Cersei she's going to marry Loras instead. So, is Loras the heir to Highgarden in the show? If yes then I am upset because I've always wanted to, if not meet, but hear something about Willas (and with Willas is Garlan). Tywin should've also proposed that Cersei also consider marrying Oberyn Martell because, idk, don't you think it's about time they set up the appearance of the Martells since the Royal Wedding is fast approaching?Loras is the only Tyrell son on the TV show, he rocks Renly's armor, and he isn't in the Kingsguard so he can inherit.  They mention Dorne when sending off Myrcella.  I think they will probably start up again a lot with the planning of Joffrey's wedding, but I don't think they have cast any of the Martell's so we wont see them until next season.  I assume that also means Joffrey will make it to next season.
746	rmholt	2013-04-29	Yeah, but Robert died because Cersei made sure that Lancel poisoned him.Lancel didnt poison him.
747	Lady Arya's Song	2013-04-29	Loved this episode.  Bryan Cogman did fantastic writing. 
Bringing the character Shireen from the book to TV... that little actress nailed it.  I loved her interaction with Davos.  I like the actor who is playing Davos..does a fine job.
The credits where she sings Patchface's prophecy..excellent touch.
Queen Selyse is a zealot and bat crazy..so the fetus in jars is one way of exposing it I guess. I also think like others that the fetus may be used instead of leaches later.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
Loved the bath scene with Brienne and Jaimie.
Grey Worm and explaining the reason behind the names..perfect.
Barristan and Jorah..great exchange and I think it might set up exposure of Jorah to Dany.
Arya and Gendry made me cry.  The hound and Beric..just that whole scene ..was so well done.
This entire episode was really well done. 
If I had one bit of complaint  it is the Rob scenes.  I never understood why they had Rob laugh last episode when Edmure is trying to shoot the arrow.  Its his grandfather's funeral and his Mother is upset..just seemed out of character for Rob to laugh then.  Again this episode with Rob...oh well its TV not the books.
748	rmholt	2013-04-29	If I had one bit of complaint  it is the Rob scenes.  I never understood why they had Rob laugh last episode when Edmure is trying to shoot the arrow.  Its his grandfather's funeral and his Mother is upset..just seemed out of character for Rob to laugh then.  Again this episode with Rob...oh well its TV not the books.I rather like Edmure as the family bonehead.  Blackfish was nicer about it in the books too.  Maybe a guy thing.  Not canon but I liked it. Brains skipped a generation in that family.
749	rmholt	2013-04-29	Renly didn't rebel because he believed that Joffrey was the son of Jaime. He rebelled because he thought that, despite Joffrey being the son of Robert, he was a monster.She barely made an appearance at all, except to stand in the background looking sad. The show is treating her like a background character.She's a wet blanket throughout the book. I have to make sure I have my Zoloft on when I read her POV.  She can be in the background looking sad and be totally true to the book. IMHO of course! YMMV
750	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  You're killing me. Someone should create a thread about that in the "Sansa is the worst person in Westeros" style.There is one;http://ifcatelynlove...now.tumblr.com/I liked the discussion, I'll admit that I may ship Jaime and Cersei more than I should.ETA: Or did you mean a thread about what caused the war?
					
					
							Edited by Valonqar_, 29 April 2013 - 11:54 AM.
751	Sansa in the North	2013-04-29	There is one;http://ifcatelynlove...now.tumblr.com/I liked the discussion, I'll admit that I may ship Jaime and Cersei more than I should.ETA: Or did you mean a thread about what caused the war?Yeah! Also there's this http://tumblrofthron...-loved-jon-snow
752	FuriousGeorge	2013-04-29	Maisie Williams - Best actor in the whole cast.
753	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	She barely made an appearance at all, except to stand in the background looking sad. The show is treating her like a background character.You mean this episode is. She had two lengthy monologues in episodes 2 and 3, she's hardly a background character.
754	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	There is one;http://ifcatelynlove...now.tumblr.com/I liked the discussion, I'll admit that I may ship Jaime and Cersei more than I should.ETA: Or did you mean a thread about what caused the war?Yeah! Also there's this http://tumblrofthron...-loved-jon-snowYeah, but those are blogs, I mean a thread, like this one, which I love, but with Catelyn instead of Sansa.http://asoiaf.wester...on-in-westeros/Yeah, I really enjoyed the discusion, and as bad, odd, and unlikely as it sounds, the more I talk about Cersei, the more I like her. I'm starting to understand her. Also, a thread about who started the war would be very interesting, too.
755	Sansa in the North	2013-04-29	You mean this episode is. She had two lengthy monologues in episodes 2 and 3, she's hardly a background character.Yes, but one of those monologues was extremely out of character. And in this episode she did just stand in the back, while half of her book lines were given to Talisa, which happens every other episode, so it's really starting to annoy me. Talisa has gotten all Cat's best characteristics, like advocating for peace, for example. Yeah, I really enjoyed the discusion, and as bad, odd, and unlikely as it sounds, the more I talk about Cersei, the more I like her. I'm starting to understand her.Also, a thread about who started the war would be very interesting, too.Yes! To both of those. I used to love Cersei, then after reading AFFC I hated her. Now I think I love her again thanks to this amazing forum.
756	HexenII	2013-04-29	As long as episodes goes by, are getting shorter?, or is my personnal conception?, cannt get enough.
757	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Yes, but one of those monologues was extremely out of character. And in this episode she did just stand in the back, while half of her book lines were given to Talisa, which happens every other episode, so it's really starting to annoy me. Talisa has gotten all Cat's best characteristics, like advocating for peace, for example.Not going to get into that argument over that monologue again.  What other episode apart from this one did Talisa get Cat's lines? As far as I can tell, just this one. Peacefulness is the only characteristic that Talisa could possibly have gotten. Anyway, her and Talisa both advocated the same thing this episode, so I'm not entirely sure what your talking about.
758	moe.	2013-04-29	Hey guys. It's been a while since I posted. But..
Loved the episode. I need to rewatch bc I missed a few things like most of the dialogue between Koran and selmy. 
I thought there were a few give aways here though. One being for people who think patchface is a blackfyre. Since they wrote him out I don't think that will be the case. 
But the way that thoros resurrected beric seemed like a big deal to mean. I mean we know that they can be resurrected, but didnt know the process or what was needed. Since it happens instantly when the red priest just goes to the body and whispers the prayer... It seemed very possible and even more likely to me that this is what Mel will do with Jon.
759	Spidey	2013-04-29	I think it's because Loras so readily just jumped into bed with the first squire he looked his way. Book Loras vowed to never love again after Renly died.Love != Sex
760	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Hey guys. It's been a while since I posted. But..Loved the episode. I need to rewatch bc I missed a few things like most of the dialogue between Koran and selmy.I thought there were a few give aways here though. One being for people who think patchface is a blackfyre. Since they wrote him out I don't think that will be the case.But the way that thoros resurrected beric seemed like a big deal to mean. I mean we know that they can be resurrected, but didnt know the process or what was needed. Since it happens instantly when the red priest just goes to the body and whispers the prayer... It seemed very possible and even more likely to me that this is what Mel will do with Jon.I could be wrong, but I think he had to kiss him, and give him the "kiss of life".ETA: or was that just something hypothetical and figurative?
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 12:30 PM.
761	Stannis the Menace	2013-04-29	Talisa... It's so talisa... I have to think that bit confirms it.She's highly suspect, claims to be low born from volantis but says my lord not "milord."  She claims she knows nothing of Westerosi custom but knew the wedding words of the seven and what supplies  maesters had. Now she is privy to his plans re Lannisport and Frey and Tywin mentions that he's learned just about everything going on in robbs camp.Im pretty sure it's her.didnt she claimed to be highborn?  like when she is telling that story about when her brother almost drowned and a slave pushed her out of the way to save him and she was like "omg a slave pushed a highborn girl, thats punishable by death" ?either way her character sucks in the show, it is known
762	wonder1859	2013-04-29	I've read through the entire thread and didn't see this addressed so ...Surely I'm not the only one bothered by the reaction of the Hound to being burned during his fight with Beric. I thought the fact that Arya witnessed him "crying like a baby" and pleading for help was a defining moment for Sandor in the book, as it gives the readers a glimpse at what lies beneath the bad-ass butcher of men. It struck me as odd (not to mention wildly out of character) that he was written as having the exact opposite reaction, laughing and cracking a really tasteless joke instead. And that after several reminders from Blackwater on that Sandor is really wigged out by fire. It's like they created the build-up to this moment and then changed their minds and made it appear that he really isn't all that freaked out by fire after all - in fact, he laughs about being burned again.Aside from Sandor's reaction, which soured the rest of the scene for me, it was a fabulous hour of television. One of the best of the series so far.
763	Bearsblood8	2013-04-29	Has anyone heard an explanation as to why Littlefinger has become the dark knight?  It really is quite distracting and substantially different from Littlefinger season 1.
764	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Has anyone heard an explanation as to why Littlefinger has become the dark knight?  It really is quite distracting and substantially different from Littlefinger season 1.If you listen carefully, his accent becomes more and more raspy like as season 1 goes on, until season 2, where he is basically Batman. I don't know what he was thinking really, but if he's going to talk like that, I hope he sticks with it instead of changing again.
765	Janicia	2013-04-29	Sandor looked pretty freaked out to me. 
I'm on the fence about the slow Bran / Rickon death reveal and the uncertainty Catelyn and Robb are feeling.  If Robb and Catelyn had received quick word about the burned corpses, I think it would be easier to understand Catelyn's glum mood this season.  But I'm reserving judgement until the storyline plays out.
766	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I've read through the entire thread and didn't see this addressed so ...Surely I'm not the only one bothered by the reaction of the Hound to being burned during his fight with Beric. I thought the fact that Arya witnessed him "crying like a baby" and pleading for help was a defining moment for Sandor in the book, as it gives the readers a glimpse at what lies beneath the bad-ass butcher of men. It struck me as odd (not to mention wildly out of character) that he was written as having the exact opposite reaction, laughing and cracking a really tasteless joke instead. And that after several reminders from Blackwater on that Sandor is really wigged out by fire. It's like they created the build-up to this moment and then changed their minds and made it appear that he really isn't all that freaked out by fire after all - in fact, he laughs about being burned again.Aside from Sandor's reaction, which soured the rest of the scene for me, it was a fabulous hour of television. One of the best of the series so far.You are not the only one. I agree with you. But I didn't mention it. I kept it to myself because then some people would have probably started calling me "purist" and that I'm claiming is a "character assassination" and to stop watching the show. But yeah, I totally agree. I would have mention it in the nitpick thread. Btw where is the nitpick thread when you need it?Has anyone heard an explanation as to why Littlefinger has become the dark knight?  It really is quite distracting and substantially different from Littlefinger season 1.If you listen carefully, his accent becomes more and more raspy like as season 1 goes on, until season 2, where he is basically Batman. I don't know what he was thinking really, but if he's going to talk like that, I hope he sticks with it instead of changing again.He is convinced that he is going to win an Emmy and a Golden Globe with that voice... or maybe is just like someone said earlier in this thread: at this point he is just tolling us all.
767	Frumpus	2013-04-29	The incest was a choice.  A choice that they continued into their adult lives.  You're going to honestly tell me that something that happened due to pure happenstance is equal to two people making a conscience choice, knowing all the while it was wrong?Jaime and Cersei shouldn't be held accountable for their actions here?   Because it seems like that's what you're trying to do.  Blame anyone and everyone except for the two responsible.dude you need to stop applying your personal moral values to the show.
768	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	Has anyone heard an explanation as to why Littlefinger has become the dark knight?  It really is quite distracting and substantially different from Littlefinger season 1.Because there a LOT of characters in the books and they have clearly shown that they are going to discard plot device characters that are only there to serve a relatively small purpose.   Littlefinger has become a more central character in the shows than depicted in the books because LF wasn't a POV.  With the books I loved the POV approach to story telling because it enabled a way to have a cloud of uncertainty while reading the books.   I don't think this works with TV since we can't get into the heads of the characters.  So we are required to expand the story of some non-POV characters and their actions.  What does Dontos really provide to the story?  An example of how LF is a pretty bad guy? That shouldn't be hard to do whenever necessary.
					
					
							Edited by flyerhawk, 29 April 2013 - 12:58 PM.
769	Bearsblood8	2013-04-29	If you listen carefully, his accent becomes more and more raspy like as season 1 goes on, until season 2, where he is basically Batman. I don't know what he was thinking really, but if he's going to talk like that, I hope he sticks with it instead of changing again.Yeah pick one and stick with it.  The problem I have is it makes him seem like a more cartoonish villain character.  I have a great deal of respect for book Littlefinger and the way he plays the game.  On the show, he's sort of transformed into a "smooth satan" with devilish goatee and  black/grey slicked hair to match; rasping his lines and grinning at his clever plots.
770	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Because there a LOT of characters in the books and they have clearly shown that they are going to discard plot device characters that are only there to serve a relatively small purpose.   Littlefinger has become a more central character in the shows than depicted in the books because LF wasn't a POV.  With the books I loved the POV approach to story telling because it enabled a way to have a cloud of uncertainty which reading the books.   I don't think this works with TV since we can't get into the heads of the characters.  So we are required to expand the story of some non-POV characters and their actions.  What does Dontos really provide to the story?  An example of how LF is a pretty bad guy? That shouldn't be hard to do whenever necessary.I think you misunderstood. He's talking about his voice...... and he's not the only one annoyed by it, or the only one who has mentioned it.
771	rohit39	2013-04-29	You are not the only one. I agree with you. But I didn't mention it. I kept it to myself because then some people would have probably started calling me "purist" and that I'm claiming is a "character assassination" and to stop watching the show.But yeah, I totally agree. I would have mention it in the nitpick thread. Btw where is the nitpick thread when you need it?I don't think your point was nitpicking at all! Its a very important scene to show what lay beneath the Hound's gruff exterior. And also an opportunity to show his fear of fire, to demonstrate his "human-ness". Because we all know that gets important later to understand his transformation. Maybe with the whole Jaime transformation happening at the same time, they didn't want to lose 2 villains the viewers love to hate. Also, Now that they've established for certain that Ser Barristan was not part of the small council, hence not likely to know about Jorah's betrayal, how do you think they'd handle the Jorah reveal to Dany? Who tells her?
772	Ampris	2013-04-29	My list of observations for this week...
1) Jon Snow saying "Seven hells!" really pissed me off for some reason. He follows the old gods!
2) The QoT calling Tyrion a browbeaten bookkeeper was both funny and sad. It shows just how far he has fallen and that he isn't the only one who has noticed.
3) Two great Arya scenes this week that were super sad. Telling Gendry she could be his family, and asking Thoros if he could bring back a man without a head. Oh man they both really got me.
4) Umm, mega ew and creepy on the preserved fetuses. That was seriously disturbing. But I did catch that one was named Edric. (And another Petyr, but I don't think that actually has any implications)
5) Sansa's scene with LF - when he says that "I can't tell you how touched I am" it was so damn obvious and Sansa remained oblivious. She really is quite dense. Yeah I just bet you wanted her to touch you Lord Pedo!
6) Tyrion telling Tywin that forcing Sansa to marry Tyrion was "cruel, even for you." I was kind of worried that Tyrion's stance in the book, knowing that the Lannisters have taken everything from her and then she was forced to marry him, would be somewhat lost on the show. But mentioning this to his father makes me think it will be preserved in some form. Also his comment that she was missing some of Loras's favorite bits was hilarious.
7) So does Shireen singing Patchface's song mean that he isn't making an appearance? Guess that puts to rest all those crackpot theories about how important he is... but I am disappointed just because his relationship with Shireen revealed a lot about her, too. How isolated and lonely she is as a result of her condition and her father.
Overall a pretty solid episode. Nowhere near the greatness of last week but better than most of the season's episodes so far.
ETA: Oh, and re: Cersei marrying Loras. A lot of people have commented on how he has not been made Kingsguard yet. So I wonder if Cersei manages to get him named Kingsguard so that she doesn't have to marry him?
					
					
							Edited by Ampris, 29 April 2013 - 01:02 PM.
773	Bearsblood8	2013-04-29	I think you misunderstood. He's talking about his voice...... and he's not the only one annoyed by it, or the only one who has mentioned it.Yep. Thanks for the clarification.  I guess I didn't clearly state that his voice has slipped into the Christian Bale realm from the dark night.  I expect Littlefinger to  scream "Swear to me!!" at some point in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Bearsblood8, 29 April 2013 - 01:03 PM.
774	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	He is convinced that he is going to win an Emmy and a Golden Globe with that voice... or maybe is just like someone said earlier in this thread: at this point he is just tolling us all.OK, this is just uncool. I'm not a fan of the voice he puts on during the show, but this is just ad-hominem and unnecessary.
775	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	ETA: Oh, and re: Cersei marrying Loras. A lot of people have commented on how he has not been made Kingsguard yet. So I wonder if Cersei manages to get him named Kingsguard so that she doesn't have to marry him?Some posters have speculated that she is going to persuade Joffrey to order him to join the Kingsguard, thereby proving to her father that she can control him, and showing that she isnt completely out of the game.
776	NickyM	2013-04-29	Now you are just going to feed the people that will want to blame Ned, lol.I can see how some of Robert's actions may have made Cersei want to get back at him by hooking up with Jaime and bearing his kids. But I can't say with confidence that they ever would have stopped, regardless of how good Robert was to her. I am not not completely buying that Cersei gave a good faith effort to Robert or a further argument that if he was only nicer she would have been a loving wife and stopped screwing her brother. I find that flimsyI know what you mean.  I'm a firm believer that everyone is going to continually screw up, it's what you do after the fact that makes you an asshole.  Jaime took a vow of celibiey and broke to bang someone elses wife.  All of that makes him an asshole.  Not the fact she was his sister, not the fact Robert cheated continually on her.My true complaint about the whole Jaime not defending his actions were, despite Ned thinking whatever he thought, Jaime should have stated, "I had to stop him from using the Wildfire to destory the city."  Whether he was believed or not would have been on everyone else, but not defending yourself or even explaining seems the oppisite of prideful, I'm not sure why but to me it does.
777	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Yeah, but those are blogs, I mean a thread, like this one, which I love, but with Catelyn instead of Sansa.http://asoiaf.wester...on-in-westeros/Yeah, I really enjoyed the discusion, and as bad, odd, and unlikely as it sounds, the more I talk about Cersei, the more I like her. I'm starting to understand her.Also, a thread about who started the war would be very interesting, too.Same here. I used to hate her, but a friend of mine has explained how he views her. After several discussions we had he had me reconsidering my hatred. Suffice to say, I no longer think of her as a supreme powerhungry bitch. More like a woman desperate for independence and considering power the best means of gaining it.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 01:10 PM.
778	Peptalk	2013-04-29	I've read through the entire thread and didn't see this addressed so ...Surely I'm not the only one bothered by the reaction of the Hound to being burned during his fight with Beric. I thought the fact that Arya witnessed him "crying like a baby" and pleading for help was a defining moment for Sandor in the book, as it gives the readers a glimpse at what lies beneath the bad-ass butcher of men. It struck me as odd (not to mention wildly out of character) that he was written as having the exact opposite reaction, laughing and cracking a really tasteless joke instead. And that after several reminders from Blackwater on that Sandor is really wigged out by fire. It's like they created the build-up to this moment and then changed their minds and made it appear that he really isn't all that freaked out by fire after all - in fact, he laughs about being burned again.Aside from Sandor's reaction, which soured the rest of the scene for me, it was a fabulous hour of television. One of the best of the series so far.He did shy away now and then and reacted to it when the sword lit up initially though? I thought his fear for fire came through.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
779	Ampris	2013-04-29	My one issue. What the heck would be accomplished by marrying cersei to Loras . They are already creating an alliance with highgarden with the royal wedding. Seems like a waste to me.In the book Tywin cycled through possible choices which included Robert Arryn and Theon Greyjoy. Besides Loras already announced he was joining the Kingsguard and Joffrey accepted.Some people have proposed that Tywin is in on the assassination of Joffrey. If he knows Joff will die then it makes sense to secure Highgarden in other ways.I don't remember Loras announcing he will join the KG though.
780	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	OK, this is just uncool. I'm not a fan of the voice he puts on during the show, but this is just ad-hominem and unnecessary.Sorry. I was just joking. But you're right, it was bad saying that. I apologize for the offenses I may have caused.
781	wonder1859	2013-04-29	He did shy away now and then and reacted to it when the sword lit up initially though? I thought his fear for fire came through.I'm not disputing that he reacted negatively to the flaming sword and the fire. My issue is that they showed his reactions and then, IMO, completely dropped the ball when it came to depicting the culmination of those fears after he's been burned. The guy is a seething rage-machine suffering from chronic PTSD and his reaction in the book is completely plausible: he regresses to the young boy who was so horribly abused and traumatized by his brother. But apparently show Sandor is too much of a bad-ass to have any emotional reaction other than laughter to this newest trauma he's suffered.
782	JMJ	2013-04-29	RE: Cersei-Loras, To add, Tywin may have also been trying to merely solidify the Tyrell-Lannister bond. Can't hurt, from that perspective. In terms of strategic marriages, what would be the alternatives? Obviously the North and most of the Riverlands are out. Tywin's already sending Littlefinger to the Vale to gain that contingency. Myrcella's been sent to Dorne. in Tywin's estimation, the Iron Born are probably not worth the effort. That leaves the Freys. I think the RW strategy for Tywin in the long-view includes House Frey as a sacrifice move. They will take most of the blame for the RW, and as we are seeing in the books, they are the target for much hate from the North after that.
					
					
							Edited by Jam Maester Jay, 29 April 2013 - 01:30 PM.
783	timstanton	2013-04-29	my theory. might have already been said but i dont have time at work to read 25+ pages, so im sorry. I think Cercei will manipulate Joffrey, just like Tywin said she couldnt. She will convince him to put Loras on the kingsguard, freeing her up from marriage and also sticking it to margery/stroking her own ego. My 2 cents on the jamie/cersei opinions. I like Jamie because i think he is a good person deep down who has made terrible mistakes. He eventually acknowledges those things and hates himself for it. I like his bravado, he is a lannister after all. Cercei is innately evil, which is why i dont like her. I dont agree with incest, but i dont think it is viewed quite the same in westeros.
784	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	honestly, if he still had his hand, I don't believe he would have changed much at all.Of course he wouldn't have changed - he would have had no reason.  That is why I was disappointed last week when he admitted to Brienne that all he is is a hand with a sword.  I much preferred the process in the book when he questions himself as to "am I only a hand?"Without him losing his hand he has 0 reason to make any changes, be at all self reflective or look at anyone else like they may even be close to what he represents.It really is one of the few issues I had with last weeks episode, I think his knowing and admitting right off that he acknowledges all he is a hand with a sword in it really cuts into what his character progression can be.
785	Druze	2013-04-29	One thing that saddens me a bit is in the book I remember Davos was made hand of the king after rotting in the cell in a very moving way which made you like Stannis way more.  That was my favorite Stannis/Davos scene in any of the books. But seeing as they already made him hand in season 2 en route to Blackwater Bay I think the powerful scene that will emerge from Stannis and our Onion Knight's renuion will be a Maester's letter bearing tidings from the wall perhaps read with the Onion's newly acquired reading comprehension?
786	Honey Bee	2013-04-29	What a great episode.
The Hound/Beric scene was absolutely fabulous. I am so excited to see Sandors next few episodes. (Also loved how they added his name in there. ) 
I love how Thoros looks, although not how I pictured him. I love his hair. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Arya/Gendry scene was fantastic. From the book, I felt betrayed by Gendry but the scene made him feel more human to me.
Arya/Thoros, how upsetting. Ned was brought up in a few scenes this epi. 
Jamie/Roose, dick move. I hope they really start to show how much of a BA Roose is because, while the comment was dick headed-ish it still wasn't "I'm a fucking creep" to me.
Jamie/Brienne/bath perfection. Totally made you see their dynamic. Made Jamie more human. I can totally see his softer nature in regards to other Lannister. I truly believe Cersie is the puppet master behind most of Jamie's bad decisions/assholeness. I believe that she has him truly manipulated.
Karstark scenes were great. I haven't ever been a huge Robb follower. He is interesting but I ruined him for myself when I found out about RW prematurely. So again, they were some great scenes, I enjoy watching him start to fill out as a King.
Sansa/LF scene and all the Sansa marriage stuff kinda has me upset. They shouldn't have excluded Dontos... It's too confusing to many people had their hands in that.Also getting rid of Willa's was silly as well, Sansa wasn't ne entirely happy about the marriage. it made her start to become a player vs a pawn realizing her claim to the North via Dontos etc... 
But I digress... The stuff with the Tyrells was ho-hum... I'm not a purist but it just messed my flow with the Sansa marriage debacle. 
Love the Lannister Family Meeting at the end it was supreme. I love when Cersie gets smacked back down. Segwaying, Kevan better be in here because I love when he bitch slaps some knowledge in her face.... 
Just want to finish by saying I don't hate any character. They all have their faults. I love the story and the show and I'm so excited about this season, as with all the seasons they are just something to pass the time for the next book!
/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Lady Honey Bee, 29 April 2013 - 01:47 PM.
787	timstanton	2013-04-29	Of course he wouldn't have changed - he would have had no reason.  That is why I was disappointed last week when he admitted to Brienne that all he is is a hand with a sword.  I much preferred the process in the book when he questions himself as to "am I only a hand?"Without him losing his hand he has 0 reason to make any changes, be at all self reflective or look at anyone else like they may even be close to what he represents.It really is one of the few issues I had with last weeks episode, I think his knowing and admitting right off that he acknowledges all he is a hand with a sword in it really cuts into what his character progression can be.to be fair, when he said that in the show, it had only been 24 hours since he lost his hand. he had lost a lot of blood and probably wasnt thinking straight. its a lot easier in the books to examine feelings like that because you can have inner monologue. I think the show is doing a great job showing that jamie is examing who is really is and reflecting on the things/mistakes hes made in his life.
788	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Where is my dear Patchface? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> When I realised what Shireen was singing I was hoping he'd pop out and they'd perform a duet /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> .
Seriously though aren't dragons(and Dragonstone) supposed to scare the crap outta little Shireen.
I don't remember Brienne being so confident with her nudity in the book.
MY NUMBER ONE COMPLAINT: MORE NORTH OF THE WALL
Overall I liked this episode a lot.
789	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	There is no "gap" where Selmy gets to decide whether or not his loyalty should be suspended.  He's oath is to THAT family and NOT to Robert.  But Selmy chooses Robert (for VERY GOOD reasons) and he continues on (until... he decides he needs another Targ to serve... imagine that...).  Selmy= honorable; Jaime = dishonorable.Is the KG oath to the family or is it to the position?  There's obviously the conflict during the rebellion, but after the person in place has changed, does the KG owe allegiance to the prior king or new?  Since they are Kingsguard and not Targ Guard or Baratheon guard I've never had as much a problem with the KG working for the new king.
790	JMJ	2013-04-29	Is the KG oath to the family or is it to the position?  There's obviously the conflict during the rebellion, but after the person in place has changed, does the KG owe allegiance to the prior king or new?  Since they are Kingsguard and not Targ Guard or Baratheon guard I've never had as much a problem with the KG working for the new king.This falls in line with that great musing Jaime has in the books about conflicting oaths. Oath to the king, vs. family, vs. whatever. That was one of the passages that really made me respect Jaime.
791	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	to be fair, when he said that in the show, it had only been 24 hours since he lost his hand. he had lost a lot of blood and probably wasnt thinking straight. its a lot easier in the books to examine feelings like that because you can have inner monologue. I think the show is doing a great job showing that jamie is examing who is really is and reflecting on the things/mistakes hes made in his life.I don't disagree, I just liked the way he started out questioning it and then progressed on.  You could be right, because of the shock to his mind and body he is just going straight to thinking that.  How he has portrayed Jaime has been fantastic, when "complaints" have to be such minor nitpicks it shows how well it is being done.
792	Knight	2013-04-29	Somebody mentioned in the discussion thread on the previous episode that the Twins are in the opening credits but they do not pop up - It is nice that the location is already included and the observant viewer will see that this will be a location yet to be visited in upcoming episodes as I just saw that 'the Twins' is written next to it on the map.
793	Maia	2013-04-29	Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't dye her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a  hypocrite than he is in the books?
And those babies in  jars were not only seriously gross, but some of them were far too large to be newborns.... More like 3-4 year-olds, what's the deal with that?
I really don't understand their choices re: hair color with Baratheons and Lannisters, given that it is such crucial part of the plot. I mean, Robert wasn't that much darker than Jaime and one could certainly imagine that at least Tommen's hair may have darkened to his color in time. Renly and Stannis also weren't dark enough.  Tyrion is too dark. Now, Shireen is blonde? Why do they carelessly slaughter one of the more important plot elements in the series?
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 29 April 2013 - 03:56 PM.
794	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	They weren't even close to being the size of 3-4 year olds.
795	Maia	2013-04-29	Well, the largest one is. Maybe 2-3, but certainly too big for a stillborn. In fact, only one of them seemed of a size of a newborn baby.
796	rmholt	2013-04-29	Yeah pick one and stick with it.  The problem I have is it makes him seem like a more cartoonish villain character.  I have a great deal of respect for book Littlefinger and the way he plays the game.  On the show, he's sort of transformed into a "smooth satan" with devilish goatee and  black/grey slicked hair to match; rasping his lines and grinning at his clever plots.LF apparently caught a bigger weasel for the top of his head. And that raincoat is awful. Isnt he supposed to be a flashy dresser?  I fail to see how making him pretty would detract from the show character.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 29 April 2013 - 02:42 PM.
797	Nictarion	2013-04-29	This is sarcasm right? We already know Loras is gay.She is talking about Loras having a random hook up when in the books he's in complete mourning over Renly.
798	Sun	2013-04-29	I just rewatched Robb's beheading of Karstark. It's such a beautifully shot scene. So atmospheric, dark and forboding with the rain pouring down on their heads mirroring the dampening gloom in the hearts of all in those attendance. The close up of Robb as he addresses KS, you can see each drop of water pounding down on his head as though each drop were laden with Karstark's words drilling into his scull. Those drops of water looked as though they weighed a ton. Then the beheading. One swift movement, and then a closeup of Robb's trembling fist, followed by him walking away, angry at the himself and the world. 
It was so so beautiful.
799	JMJ	2013-04-29	I just rewatched Robb's beheading of Karstark. It's such a beautifully shot scene. So atmospheric, dark and forboding with the rain pouring down on their heads mirroring the dampening gloom in the hearts of all in those attendance. The close up of Robb as he addresses KS, you can see each drop of water pounding down on his head as though each drop were laden with Karstark's words drilling into his scull. Those drops of water looked as though they weighed a ton. Then the beheading. One swift movement, and then a closeup of Robb's trembling fist, followed by him walking away, angry at the himself and the world.It was so so beautiful.Not only that, did you notice he is holding his wrist, like he put so much force into it trying to make sure he cut off Karstark's head in one sweep that he sorta hurt his wrist doing it. Nice reference back to (1) Ned's one sweep execution of the NW deserter, (2) Ilyn Payne's one-sweep of Ned's head, and (3) Theon's hack job on Rodrick Cassell. It's also a small nod to Robb not having a sword made of Valyrian-forged steel.
800	timstanton	2013-04-29	I don't disagree, I just liked the way he started out questioning it and then progressed on.  You could be right, because of the shock to his mind and body he is just going straight to thinking that.  How he has portrayed Jaime has been fantastic, when "complaints" have to be such minor nitpicks it shows how well it is being done.agree /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
801	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Nevermind.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 04:14 PM.
802	Xasthur	2013-04-29	I'm really suspicous how they build up the Purple Wedding. It CAN'T be in Episode 10 - it just can't. 
So Tyrion is arrested directly after the wedding - maybe they stretch that and making Tywin/Cersei research first and then imprison Tyrion?? Because otherwise, Tyrion just rots in the dungeon until he kills Tywin and Shae, and that has to be in Episode 9. If they rush through that in like the middle of Season 4, they introduce Oberyn just to be fodder for the Mountain an episode later - that would be a huge fail having in mind that most TV watchers won't even know who the Martells are.
So my conclusion is that there can't be a Purple Wedding this season. Maybe then they shouldnt build that up so heavily?? Is it just distraction for the Red Wedding which is going to be the peak this season?
803	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Come on I can't be the only one that thinks Stannis farted on Shireen's bed and left in a hurry. That face he made, he looked as guilty as Ser Jorah.
804	kli	2013-04-29	Sure somebody's already mentioned this, but I'm too lazy to read the whole thread. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
Missed the one Hedge Knight reference in the Jaime/Brienne bath scene (i.e., "Are you thick as a castle wall?"), but was delighted to find an added one in the Shireen/Davos scene: "it sounds like 'egg'..."  I keep wishing they'd do the Dunk & Egg stories as Christmas specials.. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Can someone tell me if show-Barristan is telling the truth or lying about not being on Robert's Small Council? We know in the books he was, hence the reveal on Jorah down the line, but I can't remember if Barristan was in the scene back in Season 1 when Robert was ordering Dany's assassination.
805	Xasthur	2013-04-29	Can someone tell me if show-Barristan is telling the truth or lying about not being on Robert's Small Council? We know in the books he was, hence the reveal on Jorah down the line, but I can't remember if Barristan was in the scene back in Season 1 when Robert was ordering Dany's assassination.I was wondering the same. If Barristan really lied to his face so he can keep his little secret about Jorah only to backstab him later, that would be pretty much out of character, wouldn't it?
					
					
							Edited by Xasthur, 29 April 2013 - 04:30 PM.
806	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Not only that, did you notice he is holding his wrist, like he put so much force into it trying to make sure he cut off Karstark's head in one sweep that he sorta hurt his wrist doing it. Nice reference back to (1) Ned's one sweep execution of the NW deserter, (2) Ilyn Payne's one-sweep of Ned's head, and (3) Theon's hack job on Rodrick Cassell. It's also a small nod to Robb not having a sword made of Valyrian-forged steel.I took it as a gesture of anger, anger with Karstark to forcing his hand like that, by killing the Lannister boys. Also, despite all the battles he has been to and watching his father do it plenty times, it still must have been hard for him to do that to a man. Killing a man in a battle is different to beheading a man who doesn't defend himself. I took it as him grabbing his hand to confirm that it still was there and that he really had done just that. That he was losing his composure because he hated having had to do that, and that he was furious for it.Could definitely be interpreted your way as well though, obviously. That too makes sense.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 29 April 2013 - 04:36 PM.
807	OnlineWeAreAllFaceless	2013-04-29	I would agree that there's no way that they can have the Purple Wedding this season unless it is the final scene/episode.  They have been talking about it at length in King's Landing, it'll be interesting to see how they stretch it out for the rest of the season.  I would assume that it happens at the beginning of next season.As for this episode, I'm a huge fan!Liked: Bath scene was perfect, NCW is absolutely killing it.  Also loved how Roose Bolton toyed with Jaime by saying "you're sister, you're sister, etc."  That was very well done and just like in the books where Roose implies that he knows about Jaime and Cersei.-I liked the Shireen/Selyse stuff.  I think they accurately portrayed Selyse as the nutjob she is..my friend who is a non-reader got that impression.-The Tyrion/Tywin/Cersei scene at the end  was fantastic as well.  Peter Dinklage with some fantastic acting, and I think the most spot on portrayal of a character has been Cersei.  Lena Headey has portrayed Cersei flawlessly.-Beric/Hound scene was good.  I'm glad they picked up with that as the opening scene this week.-Robb beheading of Karstark and his conversations prior to it were just about identical to the book.  Well done.-Credits with patchface song was AWESOME!!Whatever: -Jon Snow/Ygritte.  I think that the scene was well written, however I'm just not a fan of the Jon Snow actor and I can't get past it.  He seems too emo to me in his portrayal of Jon, who is way more badass in the books.  HOWEVER, I do think Ygritte is doing a great job in her portrayal.  She's great.-Loras/Littlefinger stuff:  Not really sure what to think of all of this-Robb with Talisa: They certainly started to set up the RW, but if Talisa does end up being a spy I don't think I will like that.Didn't dislike anything.  Great episode, great show, genius story.
808	Red Knight	2013-04-29	episodes seem to be getting better and better, nice work
809	CrypticWeirwood	2013-04-29	[Cersei] shouldn't be obliged to have his children if she doesn't want to, even if she is the queen, especially since it was probably her father, not her, who decided that she should be queen.  Of course she should. That<U+0080><U+0099>s how these societies work. Within the context of her society, there is no question of her utter and complete duty here, which she treasonously dodged.Whether it can be morally justified is a different question altgether.  But you are reading this with a modern<U+0080><U+0099>s eye, and that is not workable in understanding a different society<U+0080><U+0099>s accepted duties and debts within that society.
810	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Sure somebody's already mentioned this, but I'm too lazy to read the whole thread. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Missed the one Hedge Knight reference in the Jaime/Brienne bath scene (i.e., "Are you thick as a castle wall?"), but was delighted to find an added one in the Shireen/Davos scene: "it sounds like 'egg'..."  I keep wishing they'd do the Dunk & Egg stories as Christmas specials.. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Can someone tell me if show-Barristan is telling the truth or lying about not being on Robert's Small Council? We know in the books he was, hence the reveal on Jorah down the line, but I can't remember if Barristan was in the scene back in Season 1 when Robert was ordering Dany's assassination.Confirmed. I just re-watched season 1 episode 5. Small council consists of: Varys, Pycelle, Little Finger, Renley, Robert & Ned. No guards.
811	shiola	2013-04-29	I  only just saw the episode.  What the FUCK is up with Selyse's collection of stillborns?  Was that in the books?
812	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-29	I would agree that there's no way that they can have the Purple Wedding this season unless it is the final scene/episode.  They have been talking about it at length in King's Landing, it'll be interesting to see how they stretch it out for the rest of the season.  I would assume that it happens at the beginning of next season.As for this episode, I'm a huge fan!Liked: Bath scene was perfect, NCW is absolutely killing it.  Also loved how Roose Bolton toyed with Jaime by saying "you're sister, you're sister, etc."  That was very well done and just like in the books where Roose implies that he knows about Jaime and Cersei.-I liked the Shireen/Selyse stuff.  I think they accurately portrayed Selyse as the nutjob she is..my friend who is a non-reader got that impression.-The Tyrion/Tywin/Cersei scene at the end  was fantastic as well.  Peter Dinklage with some fantastic acting, and I think the most spot on portrayal of a character has been Cersei.  Lena Headey has portrayed Cersei flawlessly.-Beric/Hound scene was good.  I'm glad they picked up with that as the opening scene this week.-Robb beheading of Karstark and his conversations prior to it were just about identical to the book.  Well done.-Credits with patchface song was AWESOME!!Whatever: -Jon Snow/Ygritte.  I think that the scene was well written, however I'm just not a fan of the Jon Snow actor and I can't get past it.  He seems too emo to me in his portrayal of Jon, who is way more badass in the books.  HOWEVER, I do think Ygritte is doing a great job in her portrayal.  She's great.-Loras/Littlefinger stuff:  Not really sure what to think of all of this-Robb with Talisa: They certainly started to set up the RW, but if Talisa does end up being a spy I don't think I will like that.Didn't dislike anything.  Great episode, great show, genius story.Each to their own, but emo pretty much sums up Jon to me until he gets back to the Wall (even then it barely diminishes) so I'm fine with this portrayal of him
813	Silverx2	2013-04-29	awesome episodeMaise absolutely killed it. every scene, every line. If she doesnt get at least a nomination for an emmy this year something is seriously wrongShireen. Adoable.Stannis Hard sour shell, Soft gooey center. excellentRobb, Dark, angry, at the end of his rope. brilliantall the counter plotting amazballsrose leslie kissed by fire and cut from stoneJamies monologue even better in video formthe end credits song, so much better then the punk rock bear and the maiden fairMAISE holy christ girl putting on a clinicThoros and arya chat was great.Sandor and Berics fightthis episode felt like an hour and a half not 55 minutesLOVED it 10/10 would watch again
814	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	They did a marvelous job with this episode, in spite of there being a relative lack of action (with the exception of the Hound/Beric scene). Even those long exposition scenes that could have been dreadfully boring were executed beautifully. NCW in particular with that long Jaime/Aerys narrative...just brilliant.
815	Druze	2013-04-29	Btw that beauty clocked in at an awesome runtime of 59 minutes!
816	Currawong	2013-04-29	He did shy away now and then and reacted to it when the sword lit up initially though? I thought his fear for fire came through.  I agree - I thought he did a wonderful job, showing fear and terror through his eyes and facial expression, yet then giving us a man who somehow found the strength to overcome those fears and fight.   He had run away at Blackwater, but here he was going to confront those fears, stand and fight.   And this was a far more personal fight than the generic Lannister vs Stannis fight at Blackwater.I  only just saw the episode.  What the FUCK is up with Selyse's collection of stillborns?  Was that in the books?   I suggest you go onto the HBO site and read Bryan Cogman's interview about this episode, and you will see his explanation.   The jars made perfect sense to me even before I read what he had to say.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 29 April 2013 - 06:51 PM.
817	kli	2013-04-29	Confirmed. I just re-watched season 1 episode 5. Small council consists of: Varys, Pycelle, Little Finger, Renley, Robert & Ned. No guards.Thanks. Guess word will have to come from Varys somehow.BTW. Cogman interview here: http://www.hbo.com/#...yan-cogman.html
					
					
							Edited by kli, 29 April 2013 - 07:02 PM.
818	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't dye her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a  hypocrite than he is in the books?And those babies in  jars were not only seriously gross, but some of them were far too large to be newborns.... More like 3-4 year-olds, what's the deal with that?I really don't understand their choices re: hair color with Baratheons and Lannisters, given that it is such crucial part of the plot. I mean, Robert wasn't that much darker than Jaime and one could certainly imagine that at least Tommen's hair may have darkened to his color in time. Renly and Stannis also weren't dark enough.  Tyrion is too dark. Now, Shireen is blonde? Why do they carelessly slaughter one of the more important plot elements in the series?The problem is also that her parents do both have dark hair. I think I already said that in this thread, but I think it might be some greyscale-related discoloration.
819	Silverx2	2013-04-29	What about when Ned tells Varys to stop the assassination in front of Selmny just after robert died. was it mentioned then?
820	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-29	Btw who else thinks Blackfish looked like a fuckin badass when he slugged Karstark for his snarky remark towards Robb?  Whether it's on tv or in the books Blackfish remains a total boss!
821	Dove	2013-04-29	Btw who else thinks Blackfish looked like a fuckin badass when he slugged Karstark for his snarky remark towards Robb?  Whether it's on tv or in the books Blackfish remains a total boss!Fuck yeah, I think that was one of my favorite things about the episode. Right hook outta nowhere.
822	mafalda	2013-04-29	Great episode!
Brienne and Jaime's bath scene went down perfectly! Great acting on both their parts, especially Nikolaj!
Arya/Hound/Beric
Tywin/Cersei/Tyrion. Tywin is one scary man!
Shireen (the blonde thing only bugs me slightly, but sweet child, great actor, love that they're combining her with Patches and Plyo... I was looking forward to Patches, but I understand the whole budget thing!)
And I loved we got a bit of Dany! She wasn't in the previews for this ep, so seeing her was a pleasant surprise! And Grey Worm!
loved it!
823	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-29	Fuck yeah, I think that was one of my favorite things about the episode. Right hook outta nowhere.I seriously just keep watching that scene over and over, love the mean mug look Blackfish gives gives Karstark right after he socks him. Haha classic Blackfish.
824	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	What about when Ned tells Varys to stop the assassination in front of Selmny just after robert died. was it mentioned then?Barristan is not privy to who the informants are in the show. He only hears of the assassination plot.--------------I loved the Robb & Catlyn scenes. Cat is looking more and more like 
	Spoiler un-meow
 and Robb's no-mercy execution has shades of Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Vegeta_Greyjoy, 29 April 2013 - 08:19 PM.
825	Silverx2	2013-04-29	I wonder if they are going to keep in the plot about Varys sending barristan to her, and if so that means he knows that varys knows who received that letter, and may have asked him and selmy is just playing coy for now
826	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	I wonder if they are going to keep in the plot about Varys sending barristan to her, and if so that means he knows that varys knows who received that letter, and may have asked him and selmy is just playing coy for nowI'm not sure if that's how it will go down, but there is obvious tension brewing between Barristan and Jorah and I think Barristan knows something that will come out in an argument towards the end of the season.
827	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-29	A good, if not great, episode.Favorite scenes:1.  Tywin & kids - lots of family resentments running rampant here.  Cersei is so smug it's ridiculous, thinking she's one-upped Tyrion and proved her worth in Daddy's eyes, when Daddy orders her to become a broodmare again, this time for Margaery Tyrell's gay little brother.  Tywin cracks the familial whip.  Sorrow for Sansa in store.2.  Dragonstone - the most we've got into Stannis' character that I can remember.  He meanders around as if he's vaguely searching for connubial affection from Selyse (whose passion is for Rh'lorr, not Stannis) and paternal affection from little Shireen (who is the only person I think we've seen give Stannis a hug without proceeding to have wild, shadow-making sex).  It's so sad because Stannis doesn't seem to have the least idea of how to connect with either his wife or child.  Shireen wants to love her father, but Stannis can't even bring himself to hug her back; and her only visible toy was made by Davos, rather than given by Stannis.  And may I say that the young actress playing Shireen does an outstanding job, portraying an intelligent, good-natured and very lonely child. 3.  The Hound/Beric duel, with Beric's sword blazing, and Arya herself on fire with a passion for vengeance that is denied.  The fight looked very real and rather scary.  The Arya/Gendry moments were very well done, thanks to Maisie Williams, who continues to prove herself a fine actress.  4. Dany & her Unsullied.  I liked the interaction between the Mother of Dragons and 'Grey Worm'.Major points for the omission of Ros!  Major Faults for Loras jumping into bed with the cute squire rather than mourning Renly for at least awhile longer; and wouldn't you think his granny would have told him to keep quiet about the future hoped-for marriage to the supposed Winterfell heiress?
828	Reposado	2013-04-29	The problem is also that her parents do both have dark hair. I think I already said that in this thread, but I think it might be some greyscale-related discoloration.that could be, but i wish they would clarify at some point. but just because genetics and hair color regarding the baratheon family ahs been, umm, a major plot point
829	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-29	I feel now I am finally convinced that they've made Talisa into a spy.  Firstly, it replaces the betrayal of Jeyne's mother in the books, and shifts the betrayal to Talisa.  Same result, more heart break.
	Spoiler 
And, of course, Robb will understand his betrayal at the red wedding, right before Bolton sticks the dagger in.  Yes, she will attend with him, and when he reaches for her, crossbow bolt in his back, she will stand just behind Bolton, somber look on her face, and watch him get killed as he stares at her in all his heartbroken hotness.  In fact, if Talisa IS NOT a spy, I will be really disappointed!!

I also think this Talisa reveal will also take the place of the Shae betrayal.  I do think Shae will be forced to speak at the trial, but against her wishes.  I believe they will set up the Shae storyline to be a sort of tragic misunderstanding.  She really cared for Tyrion, but was set up, blackmailed and threatened.  When Tyrion finds her, she tries to explain, but Tyrion, in his rage, won't believe her.. then it's all... "hands of cold are always cold... but a woman's hands are warm..."
					
					
							Edited by Moon-Pale Maiden, 29 April 2013 - 10:26 PM.
830	BlueDragon	2013-04-29	Are you for real? This is just assuming things. Ygritte even says, after saving Jon from Rattleshirt, something like "now we're even". What do you think she was referring to, if not that he had not killed her?It seems Darth has lost his thinking cap/helmet.  Quite annoying and I have to thank you for doing what I didn't feel like doing.Ygritte KNOWS Jon missed her on purpose.  She repeated taunts him, saying he can't kill her.
					
					
							Edited by BlueDragon, 29 April 2013 - 10:46 PM.
831	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-29	I feel now I am finally convinced that they've made Talisa into a spy.  Firstly, it replaces the betrayal of Jeyne's mother in the books, and shifts the betrayal to Talisa.  Same result, more heart break.
	Spoiler And, of course, Robb will understand his betrayal at the red wedding, right before Bolton sticks the dagger in.  Yes, she will attend with him, and when he reaches for her, crossbow bolt in his back, she will stand just behind Bolton, somber look on her face, and watch him get killed as he stares at her in all his heartbroken hotness.  In fact, if Talisa IS NOT a spy, I will be really disappointed!!
I also think this Talisa reveal will also take the place of the Shae betrayal.  I do think Shae will be forced to speak at the trial, but against her wishes.  I believe they will set up the Shae storyline to be a sort of tragic misunderstanding.  She really cared for Tyrion, but was set up, blackmailed and threatened.  When Tyrion finds her, she tries to explain, but Tyrion, in his rage, won't believe her.. then it's all... "hands of cold are always cold... but a woman's hands are warm..."Just out of curiosity what evidence/scenes in the tv series have lead you to suspect she's a spy?  I just want to know because i'm starting to suspect the same thing and I wanna see if ppl are getting the same outlook on certain scenes involving her that I am.
832	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2013-04-29	Hated the Loras scene and hate that they have changed him into some whore. Hate that they did away with Willas.
Hate there's no Patchface. It isn't as creepy. Fetus jars were stupid.
Do non-readers remember Selmy sitting in on the small council and knowing about Jorah?
					
					
							Edited by WillWork4NinjaPowers, 29 April 2013 - 10:59 PM.
833	Ampris	2013-04-29	Can't believe how much of this thread was wasted on the twincest causing the war. We all know LF and Varys are the driving forces of conspiracy in the realm. Do you really think that if the twincest wouldn't have happened, LF wouldn't have found another way to manipulate the 7 Kingdoms into civil war - or, at the very least, so that he could rise in position? LF is driven and ambitious enough to have found a way.
834	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-29	Just out of curiosity what evidence/scenes in the tv series have lead you to suspect she's a spy?  I just want to know because i'm starting to suspect the same thing and I wanna see if ppl are getting the same outlook on certain scenes involving her that I am.I wish I would have thought of it myself, but someone here linked a really cool video that pieces it all together.  Until I saw the video, I was just taking everything at face value.  See what you think after watching it and report back...http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg
835	Currawong	2013-04-29	Am now gleefully looking forward to what should be the upcoming Cersei - Loras - Margaery plot to have Joffrey appoint Loras to the KG.    This will then:  Neatly foil one aspect of Tywin's plot, stop Cersei getting married off again (at least this time) and free Loras to keep on grieving for Renly, avoid a sham marriage, and keep on following his own sexual preferences.
836	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	I also think this Talisa reveal will also take the place of the Shae betrayal.  I do think Shae will be forced to speak at the trial, but against her wishes.  I believe they will set up the Shae storyline to be a sort of tragic misunderstanding.  She really cared for Tyrion, but was set up, blackmailed and threatened.  When Tyrion finds her, she tries to explain, but Tyrion, in his rage, won't believe her.. then it's all... "hands of cold are always cold... but a woman's hands are warm..."Gods, I hope not.  I don't want the producers to take a side on Shae being in Tywin's bed.
837	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	Do non-readers remember Selmy sitting in on the small council and knowing about Jorah?That's what the "Previously On..." part is for.
838	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-29	Hated the Loras scene and hate that they have changed him into some whore. Hate that they did away with Willas.Hate there's no Patchface. It isn't as creepy. Fetus jars were stupid.Do non-readers remember Selmy sitting in on the small council and knowing about Jorah?Yes, actually.. isn't this how Jorah is outed?  He was there, correct? So, he lied to Jorah about knowing?
					
					
							Edited by Moon-Pale Maiden, 29 April 2013 - 11:21 PM.
839	BlueDragon	2013-04-29	Each to their own, but emo pretty much sums up Jon to me until he gets back to the Wall (even then it barely diminishes) so I'm fine with this portrayal of himPrecisely, I think Kit is doing a very good job.  Jon is emo.  He doesn't become a man till he becomes comander.  He has a long way to go.Why can't people understand that human beings learn from their experiences if they aren't as dumb as rocks and it takes experience and time to do that?  It would be just nuts to have Jon pop out of the womb all "Take me to the Night's Watch.  I'm not afraid of anything."  The character in the books is only about 16, I think.Just out of curiosity what evidence/scenes in the tv series have lead you to suspect she's a spy?  I just want to know because i'm starting to suspect the same thing and I wanna see if ppl are getting the same outlook on certain scenes involving her that I am.I do not by she is a spy.  I don't understand this change from the books, but there is so much plotting going on it is hard to figure who might be motivated to do what undercover.Talisa is anti war and something she does regarding that may contribute to Rob's undoing.I think some board members go overboard with trying to uncover webs of intrigue.  And I like her although we don't know her all too well.Roose fed the marriage of RandT and the killing of the Stark boys at Winterfell to Tywin.  Ramsey has told his father the truth and Roose passed on the lie about the Stark boys.We know people are looking for Bran and Richon in the North.  Or we find out soon when they meet up with a mountain man.  The question is: are the men good northmen or are they Ramsey men who have found out that the kids are not dead.  He would surely kill them for fun. One would think that the motivation for many characters is the completed distruction of the Stark line.It is puzzling to think why this family seems to be the central target for no clear reasonR
840	Ampris	2013-04-29	I wish I would have thought of it myself, but someone here linked a really cool video that pieces it all together.  Until I saw the video, I was just taking everything at face value.  See what you think after watching it and report back...http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgWow! Thank you for sharing that. I agree with whatever poster said that Robb has enough tragedy so can't he have true love before he dies, but at the same time, that video is pretty compelling. I'm not 100% convinced, but if she does prove to be a spy at least I won't be surprised.
841	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-29	Gods, I hope not.  I don't want the producers to take a side on Shae being in Tywin's bed.I would rather the producers had made Shae's character ambiguous from the beginning; she seems too sincere to suddenly get up there and humiliate him during the trial convincingly, then suddenly appear in a certain person's bed..  Unless she's the best liar in the world, but it would be too cheesy for the show to have two very similar betrayals that come out of left field...  Shae and Talisa...
842	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	Yes, actually.. isn't this how Jorah is outed?  He was there, correct? So, he lied to Jorah about knowing?He wasn't there in the show, but that doesn't mean he doesn't know.  There are building up a tension between Selmy and Jorah for a reason.
843	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	I would rather the producers had made Shae's character ambiguous from the beginning; she seems too sincere to suddenly get up there and humiliate him during the trial convincingly, then suddenly appear in a certain person's bed..  Unless she's the best liar in the world, but it would be too cheesy for the show to have two very similar betrayals that come out of left field...  Shae and Talisa...Well Talisa most likely isn't a spy, so that takes care of that.  I also think they have planted the seeds of jealousy in Shae when they showed her reaction to Tyrion calling Sansa pretty.  It may have been in jest, but she will not joking when Tyrion has to marry Sansa if she really does love him.  She'll be irate.
844	AndrewBaelish	2013-04-29	Finally watched this episode. Yes, I used FINALLY a day later. Such a fucking great episode. All the way around.
845	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Yes, actually.. isn't this how Jorah is outed?  He was there, correct? So, he lied to Jorah about knowing?I don't recall him being there. In that scene everyone but Ned agrees to kill her - Littlefinger, Pycelle, Varys, Robert. Barristan wasn't in on that conversation.
846	Zman1863	2013-04-29	I loved the Robb & Catlyn scenes. Cat is looking more and more like 
	Spoiler un-meow
 and Robb's no-mercy execution has shades of Joffrey.I think Robb's decision had a ring of justice to it even if it was against the advice of his counselors. He is contemplating the murder of children after all.Precisely, I think Kit is doing a very good job.  Jon is emo.  He doesn't become a man till he becomes comander.  He has a long way to go.Why can't people understand that human beings learn from their experiences if they aren't as dumb as rocks and it takes experience and time to do that?  It would be just nuts to have Jon pop out of the womb all "Take me to the Night's Watch.  I'm not afraid of anything."  The character in the books is only about 16, I think.I do not by she is a spy.  I don't understand this change from the books, but there is so much plotting going on it is hard to figure who might be motivated to do what undercover.Talisa is anti war and something she does regarding that may contribute to Rob's undoing.I think some board members go overboard with trying to uncover webs of intrigue.  And I like her although we don't know her all too well.RI also don't believe she is a spy.  They were forced to change Robb's marriage story because the actor is at least a decade older than book Robb. Book Robb's story is about the follies of youth. Show Robb's folly is that he married for love when he was pledged to another. It will be enough that that decision in itself will lead to his death and that of his wife. It will also be convenient to kill Talisa at the RW rather than keeping her around in some form. Even in hostage form, the series will soon be too big for such loose ends. I would rather the producers had made Shae's character ambiguous from the beginning; she seems too sincere to suddenly get up there and humiliate him during the trial convincingly, then suddenly appear in a certain person's bed..  Unless she's the best liar in the world, but it would be too cheesy for the show to have two very similar betrayals that come out of left field...  Shae and Talisa...I think they'll ease in tensions through the Sansa marriage and make it more like jealousy rather than Book Shae's shallowness, self interest and vanity. Not sure how I feel about it. As Varys said, Tyrion knew what she was in the books but was too blind to see it out of wishful thinking. In that way he overreacted to a "betrayal" that really wasn't any worse than Bronn's defection. He probably would have been inclined to agree with this if his father hadn't factored into it. If her role in the show is to betray him out of some sort of jealousy it might mess that dynamic up.
847	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Of course Robb's decision was the just thing to do. You don't excuse murder because it was commited by a man you need. That's Tywin-style, not Ned Stark style.
The manner in which he goes about it and the timing were pretty bad but it was the just thing to do.
848	STANN1SBARATHEON	2013-04-29	what did they do to stannis?  i think they ruined my favorite character....
849	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-30	How do you figure? Loras is not a POV, we don't truly know his character other than him being full of himself, naive and gay. So, maybe the show Loras doesn't live up to how you've pieced him together in your mind, but he is just being fleshed out more in the show and also taking on the roles of multiple Tyrells to avoid confusion for TV viewers.Exactly. And even with all the changes and cuts my husband (a non reader) is like "Who is that guy again?" and he barely remembers Renly until I mention the shadow baby. Not everyone has the memory of people here on the forums (nor do they talk about and rewatch/reread over and over). The show has a balancing act of trying to make the reader fans happy and still have the tv viewers understand what is going on.All in all, LOVED this episode and how so many scenes were almost verbatim from the book. Incredible books complemented by incredible script writing, actors, and supporting staff on the show. My favourite show of all time. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
850	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	i really loved this episode they kept all the good stuff real loyal to the book, also the new stuff was pretty good too, selyse and the fetuses, shireen and davos <3<3<3<3<3<3<3 shireen in general was great , and patchfaces songs mmmgood! i was quite pleased with the cave scene, though their story as been super rushed and i dont think the viewers will fully understand their closeness, i hope they get more time together soon. Tywin/Tyrion/Cercei scene was pure gold!
851	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	as always wanted more Jon, i hope he get alot more scenes in the later episodes this season
852	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-30	I wish I would have thought of it myself, but someone here linked a really cool video that pieces it all together.  Until I saw the video, I was just taking everything at face value.  See what you think after watching it and report back...http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgWow that video was great and does make some very good points about her being a spy that I didn't connect before.  Btw I laughed so hard at the part about Roose Bolton not giving a shit about what she is lol.
853	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	Wow that video was great and does make some very good points about her being a spy that I didn't connect before.  Btw I laughed so hard at the part about Roose Bolton not giving a shit about what she is lol.i laughed so hard at "swish" BAHAHAHA
854	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-30	i laughed so hard at "swish" BAHAHAHAWhat makes it so funny is that I could definitely see Roose in that sort of situation if it would have happened exactly like that in the books and really not give a shit haha.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 30 April 2013 - 12:49 AM.
855	Rockroi	2013-04-30	Is the KG oath to the family or is it to the position?  There's obviously the conflict during the rebellion, but after the person in place has changed, does the KG owe allegiance to the prior king or new?For starters, the KG oath absolutely extends to the family.  We know this from the Dunk and Egg novella, Hedge Knight. This is also why Selmy, Prince Lywen and Jon Darry are with Rhaegar at the Trident and why Dayne, Hightower and Whent are at the ToJ.  Everywhere but next to Aerys.And as far as "Well, what happens if the King dies, and there is a rebellion and (insert convoluted series of events that, if you look at it crooked while squinting it kinda sort of looks like its okay to ABANDON THE RIGHTFUL KING whenever you please)... blah blah blah... DOES. NOT. MATTER.  Selmy swore and oath to Robert and that loyalty passes to Joff; Joff dismisses Selmy from his service, that is not some sort of carte blanche to wage war on the realm and support its rightful enemies.  Its not as if when he resigns there is some fine print that says "And now you may leave here and serve whomever you like, including the sole surviving heir of Arys Targaryen II."  He's breaking an oath.  So, either Selmy broke the oath when he transferred his loyalty from Aerys to Viserys. (just so we are clear- this happened.  Visery was the rightful KIng at the instant Aerys died.  How come its cool and honorable and just for Ser Arthur Dayne et all to defend at the ToJ, but somehow Slemy gets to pick and choose just when his oath cares about and nobody gets bent out of shape?). That's the problem- just WHEN did Selmy betray his oath?  He definitely violated it when he joined Robert (just as Dayne, Hightower and Whent had not).  He then violated his oath of loyalty to the Baratheon dynasty (whether he was KG or not). Now, to me, its meaningless.  The realm had two maniacs as Kings and he gets to choose- as a human being with free will etc - what he will do and how he will do it.  Its easier- and far more convenient- for a man to turn off his reason and accountability centers and just say "Hmmm... that guy just murdered a whole bunch of people, but golly gee whiz I swore this oath that said I would protect that murdering asshole... so what's a man to do?" This is why I cannot blame Selmy for refusing to serve Joff, but its also why I cannot condemn Jaime for slaying Aerys.  The reality is that oaths and promises cannot extinguish the propensity to be decent and stop injustice, pain, slaughter, murder and vain cruelty.
856	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Of course Robb's decision was the just thing to do. You don't excuse murder because it was commited by a man you need. That's Tywin-style, not Ned Stark style.The manner in which he goes about it and the timing were pretty bad but it was the just thing to do.I agree. Murdering children, prisoners no less, is inexcusable. I think that Robb is coming of as more likable this season, will be sad to see him go. That beheading scene was amazing, Richard Madden is really stepping up his game.
857	Despot	2013-04-30	Good episode. Not the excellent one, but good enough. 
Most of it was very good : I actually liked the portray of Baratheon family. Tara Fitzgerald portrayed Selyse (as a dark, half mad woman) very well, although that fetuses thing was maybe a little too much for my taste. But OK, no big deal. 
A little Kerry Ingram (Sheeren) was very cute, and Stephen Dillane (Stannis) is a genius! He caught an essence of Stannis's character perfectly, I would say. All in all, wonderful cast at Dragonstone. 
The other scenes were also very good : bath tub, Tyrion and Lady Olena, Tywin and "parental issues" at the end...I liked the Bolton guy as well ( I don't know his name). I had some doubts about him, but he managed to be creepy on that strange, very calm way. I always thought that   Bolton's character has enough material to become a legendary villain - calm, calculated, cruel and utterly dreadful - if played well.So,  I'm cheering for this guy. 
But, few things bothered me. First, the Loras scene. People already said that it was "character assassination" and I agree. 
Second, Jon Snow story. In the last season, it was butchered, but now, it becomes a massacre. I'm thrilled with naked Rose Leslie, off course , and normally, I would not care for a connotation just to see her naked - but not now. For crying at loud, that should be a whole story, step - by - step progressing to sex and love , with some character changing for Jon Snow. And now...It looks like a totally random sex. Like "Why not?"
They did that with Qhorin ( at least I didn't get that Qhorin ordered him to "do whatever they ask you to do "- and that is significant part of whole "joining the wildllngs" story ) and they did it again. I get the idea of simplification, but this is too much.
858	rohit39	2013-04-30	I wish I would have thought of it myself, but someone here linked a really cool video that pieces it all together.  Until I saw the video, I was just taking everything at face value.  See what you think after watching it and report back...http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgThat is officially the best GoT related youtube video i've seen in ages! I'm ashamed to say i did not catch any of this prior to watching the video. And it makes much more sense! I was always a bit dissatisfied with the Talisa angle, but now i seem to understand why the writers took this route. Brilliant.I feel now I am finally convinced that they've made Talisa into a spy.  Firstly, it replaces the betrayal of Jeyne's mother in the books, and shifts the betrayal to Talisa.  Same result, more heart break.
	Spoiler And, of course, Robb will understand his betrayal at the red wedding, right before Bolton sticks the dagger in.  Yes, she will attend with him, and when he reaches for her, crossbow bolt in his back, she will stand just behind Bolton, somber look on her face, and watch him get killed as he stares at her in all his heartbroken hotness.  In fact, if Talisa IS NOT a spy, I will be really disappointed!!
I also think this Talisa reveal will also take the place of the Shae betrayal.  I do think Shae will be forced to speak at the trial, but against her wishes.  I believe they will set up the Shae storyline to be a sort of tragic misunderstanding.  She really cared for Tyrion, but was set up, blackmailed and threatened.  When Tyrion finds her, she tries to explain, but Tyrion, in his rage, won't believe her.. then it's all... "hands of cold are always cold... but a woman's hands are warm..."I think making Shae become a better person in the show would be detrimental to the shows aspirations, because all said and done, Peter Dinklage is the shows frontrunner and one of the most loved characters by fans of the show, so any betrayals and backstabbing that happens to him will have that much more effect on the viewers, and i'm sure D&D know that too well.But the way you scripted the RW for the show there, you sir/madam, made my day.
859	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Second, Jon Snow story. In the last season, it was butchered, but now, it becomes a massacre. I'm thrilled with naked Rose Leslie, off course , and normally, I would not care for a connotation just to see her naked - but not now. For crying at loud, that should be a whole story, step - by - step progressing to sex and love , with some character changing for Jon Snow. And now...It looks like a totally random sex. Like "Why not?"Wasnt it like that in the books though? That first night under the furs was completely random in the books, there was almost no lead up to it. At least here there was the Season 2 flirting.
860	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't dye her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a  hypocrite than he is in the books?And those babies in  jars were not only seriously gross, but some of them were far too large to be newborns.... More like 3-4 year-olds, what's the deal with that?I really don't understand their choices re: hair color with Baratheons and Lannisters, given that it is such crucial part of the plot. I mean, Robert wasn't that much darker than Jaime and one could certainly imagine that at least Tommen's hair may have darkened to his color in time. Renly and Stannis also weren't dark enough.  Tyrion is too dark. Now, Shireen is blonde? Why do they carelessly slaughter one of the more important plot elements in the series?To be honest, I always thought that the "hair colour evidence" in the books (as in the show) was the WEAKEST plot device in the whole story. I've seen loads of children whose hair colour does not match with their parent's. That is not how genetics work. Now, I cannot remember properly, but was that the ONLY evidence Ned had about the whole thing (besides Cersei's confession)? I hope not, because, if it was, that was the luckiest shot in the history of Andals.Maybe the assumption was reinforced by the fact that ALL of Robert's (Jaime's) children are blonde. Thus, Shireen's blonde hair can be excused. Who knows, maybe all three babies in the jars had black hair!
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 01:59 AM.
861	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	I didn't appreciate the borderline homophobic undertones.
862	Despot	2013-04-30	@Joyful Union
Well, I don't know for sure, I remembered it as a process : she tried, and tried, and tried, while he was fighting himself; finally (and naturally /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> , he broke. That cave -scene was a peak of their...well, relationship, lets' put it that way. And here, it doesn't have that weight.It was just, boom. And I'm not sure that they have enough time do add additional weight to that part of the story, because, I don't expect Ygritte to live longer than a few episodes. Sadly.
					
					
							Edited by Despot, 30 April 2013 - 02:07 AM.
863	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	What makes it so funny is that I could definitely see Roose in that sort of situation if it would have happened exactly like that in the books and really not give a shit haha.would he swish? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
864	FattyPeon	2013-04-30	I think they'll ease in tensions through the Sansa marriage and make it more like jealousy rather than Book Shae's shallowness, self interest and vanity. Not sure how I feel about it. As Varys said, Tyrion knew what she was in the books but was too blind to see it out of wishful thinking. In that way he overreacted to a "betrayal" that really wasn't any worse than Bronn's defection. He probably would have been inclined to agree with this if his father hadn't factored into it. If her role in the show is to betray him out of some sort of jealousy it might mess that dynamic up.She lied at his trial and intentionally humiliated him in front of the court.Wasnt it like that in the books though? That first night under the furs was completely random in the books, there was almost no lead up to it. At least here there was the Season 2 flirting.She was hanging around him like a pest, she would bed down next to him like a ninja, and he would wake up with her clinging to him etc, pretty sweet really. Then she lies to Mance and says they're already banging, to get Jon out of trouble for lying, then they go in the cave.
865	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162To be honest, I always thought that the "hair colour evidence" in the books (as in the show) was the WEAKEST plot device in the whole story. I've seen loads of children whose hair colour does not match with their parent's. That is not how genetics work. Now, I cannot remember properly, but was that the ONLY evidence Ned had about the whole thing (besides Cersei's confession)? I hope not, because, if it was, that was the luckiest shot in the history of Andals.Maybe the assumption was reinforced by the fact that ALL of Robert's (Jaime's) children are blonde. Thus, Shireen's blonde hair can be excused. Who knows, maybe all three babies in the jars had black hair! do u know why them weird warning things are coming up?
866	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162To be honest, I always thought that the "hair colour evidence" in the books (as in the show) was the WEAKEST plot device in the whole story. I've seen loads of children whose hair colour does not match with their parent's. That is not how genetics work. Now, I cannot remember properly, but was that the ONLY evidence Ned had about the whole thing (besides Cersei's confession)? I hope not, because, if it was, that was the luckiest shot in the history of Andals.Maybe the assumption was reinforced by the fact that ALL of Robert's (Jaime's) children are blonde. Thus, Shireen's blonde hair can be excused. Who knows, maybe all three babies in the jars had black hair!I think that Ned had a lot more evidence than just "well  the book says so" like Gendry being a spitting image of young robert, how much all the baratheon brothers look alike and something else that i don't remember.
867	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	do u know why them weird warning things are coming up?I have no idea. I've seen them in other posts (not mine) as well!
868	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	I think that Ned had a lot more evidence than just "well  the book says so" like Gendry being a spitting image of young robert, how much all the baratheon brothers look alike and something else that i don't remember.Well, I suppose that Cersei's confession helped a lot. And the fact that all Lannister children were blonde did too. Anyway, I think that Shireen's blonde hair can be excused, genetics are dodgy. I have a friend who used to be a redhead (Kissed by fire-like) when she was a child, and who's now black haired.
869	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	I thought it was due to the high traffic after the show aired
870	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Well, I suppose that Cersei's confession helped a lot. And the fact that all Lannister children were blonde did too. Anyway, I think that Shireen's blonde hair can be excused, genetics are dodgy. I have a friend who used to be a redhead (Kissed by fire-like) when she was a child, and who's now black haired.I think it could be more easily excused in the books. The books didn't stablish that ALL the baratheons had black hair. It isaid that always when Lannisters and Baratheon mixed, the Baratheons were dominant, and the kids had black hair. But in the show they dropped the Baratheons + Lannisters = black hair detail, and simply said that Baratheons = black of hair. So, only considering the show, Shireen's hair can hardly be excused.
871	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	I think it could be more easily excused in the books. The books didn't stablish that ALL the baratheons had black hair. It isaid that always when Lannisters and Baratheon mixed, the Baratheons were dominant, and the kids had black hair. But in the show they dropped the Baratheons + Lannisters = black hair detail, and simply said that Baratheons = black of hair. So, only considering the show, Shireen's hair can hardly be excused.Yes, that is also true. I don't know, maybe there's a reason for her hair. The casting on this show has always been perfect. I mean, relatives in this show really look like relatives (Renly being maybe one of the few exceptions). And I don't think a wig or a hair dye would have been a problem at all. The casting/makeup departmenst are all but lazy. So, who knows.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 03:20 AM.
872	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	I have no idea. I've seen them in other posts (not mine) as well!they keep happening on my but i just edit and delete it
873	Kvvothe	2013-04-30	Another good episode, I am just wondering where the Great Jon has been? Have they cut the character?
874	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	Yes, that is also true. I don't know, maybe there's a reason for her hair. The casting on this show has always been perfect. I mean, relatives in this show really look like relatives (Renly being maybe one of the few exceptions). And I don't think a wig or a hair dye would have been a problem at all. The casting/makeup departmenst are all but lazy. So, who knows.yeah it does seem a rather noteable mistake, perhaps they are just getting a little sloppy with the details, there are alot of thing they need to keep in mind due to the large amount of info we recieve in the books, but this seems like one thing they wouldnt be likely to slip on. i mean when they were killing the bastards did u notice that all the older ones looked like gendry, one i almost though was him.
875	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	Another good episode, I am just wondering where the Great Jon has been? Have they cut the character? yeah he seems to have turned invisable
876	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	yeah it does seem a rather noteable mistake, perhaps they are just getting a little sloppy with the details, there are alot of thing they need to keep in mind due to the large amount of info we recieve in the books, but this seems like one thing they wouldnt be likely to slip on. i mean when they were killing the bastards did u notice that all the older ones looked like gendry, one i almost though was him.Ok, I'm about to make something COMPLETELY up. I know for certain that lack of sunlight=lack of melanine=hair goes paler. Shireen is shut in a tower. I'm going to pretend that this is what it is all about.
877	Maia	2013-04-30	Ned had the book (which, given that it was 5-6 generations old is useless evidence from realistic PoV), appearance of the 2 bastards he saw, LF's insinuations that all the others looked the same, appearance of Stannis and Renly and possibly appearance of Shireen and Edric, who were sufficiently known that Ned would have had an idea how they looked like even if he never saw them.
And yes, it was that all 3 of Cersei's kids were blonde - Tyrion thought that if she had even one child by Robert, her kid's position would have been unassailable.
Now, in the series, the Baratheon brothers are actually brown-haired in the way that a blonde child may eventually grow into, ditto Gendry, Jaime is not much fairer than them, Tommen is the mousy color that will turn dark brown in time and Shireen is blonde! 
I really don't understand why they didn't dye Baratheon hair black and Jaime's and Tyrion's fairer, as well as either picked really blonde kids for Tommen and Myrcella (there are enough of them among the bit parts) or dyed them too. 
Funnily enough, as things stand, Jon looks the most Baratheon of the lot!
Oh, and re: Cersei's confession, it was private between her and Ned, Stannis  can't use it as evidence. If he has a blonde daughter, he has no cause. It is such a senseless, counter-productive change, I don't understand why they went there....
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 30 April 2013 - 03:46 AM.
878	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Ned had the book (which, given that it was 5-6 generations old is useless evidence from realistic PoV), appearance of the 2 bastards he saw, LF's insinuations that all the others looked the same, appearance of Stannis and Renly and possibly appearance of Shireen and Edric, who were sufficiently known that Ned would have had an idea how they looked like even if he never saw them.And yes, it was that all 3 of Cersei's kids were blonde - Tyrion thought that if she had even one child by Robert, her kid's position would have been unassailable.Now, in the series, the Baratheon brothers are actually brown-haired in the way that a blonde child may eventually grow into, ditto Gendry, Jaime is not much fairer than them, Tommen is the mousy color that will turn dark brown in time and Shireen is blonde!I really don't understand why they didn't dye Baratheon hair black and Jaime's and Tyrion's fairer, as well as either picked really blonde kids for Tommen and Myrcella (there are enough of them among the bit parts) or dyed them too.Funnily enough, as things stand, Jon looks the most Baratheon of the lot!Oh, and re: Cersei's confession, it was private between her and Ned, Stannis  can't use it as evidence. If he has a blonde daughter, he has no cause. It is such a senseless, counter-productive change, I don't understand why they went there....I don't know, maybe having all members of the same familiy with the same hair colour would have looked too cartoonish. Blondes vs Brunets vs Redheads. In fact, that does not happen in real life. But that made Ned's assumption weak, although it was already silly in the book. But, to be honest, people's colours have never been the best part of Martin's story (the Targ's purple eyes are just idiotic).
879	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	@Joyful UnionWell, I don't know for sure, I remembered it as a process : she tried, and tried, and tried, while he was fighting himself; finally (and naturally /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> , he broke. That cave -scene was a peak of their...well, relationship, lets' put it that way. And here, it doesn't have that weight.It was just, boom. And I'm not sure that they have enough time do add additional weight to that part of the story, because, I don't expect Ygritte to live longer than a few episodes. Sadly.Yeah, Jon even slept with Ghost between Ygritte and him to prevent something from happening.Ned had the book (which, given that it was 5-6 generations old is useless evidence from realistic PoV), appearance of the 2 bastards he saw, LF's insinuations that all the others looked the same, appearance of Stannis and Renly and possibly appearance of Shireen and Edric, who were sufficiently known that Ned would have had an idea how they looked like even if he never saw them.And yes, it was that all 3 of Cersei's kids were blonde - Tyrion thought that if she had even one child by Robert, her kid's position would have been unassailable.Now, in the series, the Baratheon brothers are actually brown-haired in the way that a blonde child may eventually grow into, ditto Gendry, Jaime is not much fairer than them, Tommen is the mousy color that will turn dark brown in time and Shireen is blonde!I really don't understand why they didn't dye Baratheon hair black and Jaime's and Tyrion's fairer, as well as either picked really blonde kids for Tommen and Myrcella (there are enough of them among the bit parts) or dyed them too.Funnily enough, as things stand, Jon looks the most Baratheon of the lot!Oh, and re: Cersei's confession, it was private between her and Ned, Stannis  can't use it as evidence. If he has a blonde daughter, he has no cause. It is such a senseless, counter-productive change, I don't understand why they went there.... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />   I agree with you.
880	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	I don't know, maybe having all members of the same familiy with the same hair colour would have looked too cartoonish. Blondes vs Brunets vs Redheads. In fact, that does not happen in real life. But that made Ned's assumption weak, although it was already silly in the book. But, to be honest, people's colours have never been the best part of Martin's story (the Targ's purple eyes are just idiotic).It doesn't happen in real life, but GRRM has already stated that genetics in his world don't work exactly like in real life. But even in real life, it is not so weird for families to have some characteristics. And purple eyes DO exist.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 30 April 2013 - 04:01 AM.
881	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	And purple eyes DO exist.Really? I've never seen anyone with purple eyes! Unless you're talking about albinos. Are the Targs supposed to be Albinos? I've never thought about it. Although that would make Dany's wandering in sun-blazing and hot Essos a tiny bit impossible.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 04:06 AM.
882	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Really? I've never seen anyone with purple eyes! Unless you're talking about albinos. Are the Targs supposed to be Albinos? I've never thought about it. Although that would make Dany's wandering in sun-blazing and hot Essos a tiny bit impossible.Well they are more violet than purple, and is a very weird thing, but they exist. Maybe Targaryens are albinos, why not? She is the Blood of the Dragon, sun-blazing and hot Essos cannot burn her.
883	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Well they are more violet than purple, and is a very weird thing, but they exist. Maybe Targaryens are albinos, why not? She is the Blood of the Dragon, sun-blazing and hot Essos cannot burn her.Wow, that actually holds water!
884	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Wow, that actually holds water! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  I know. but oh well, her words, not mine.
885	ferreyra anderson	2013-04-30	" 1. Arya and Gendry are going to have a romance if not be a married couple.  That dialog between them tonight was absolutely dead on as a foreshawdowing of this.  Gendry was asserting his need not only to be free of a master/serf relationship but also his need not to be subservient to Arya.  I am not claiming that they have feelings for one another in a romantic way right now, that would be creepy and out of character for both of them, but they will.  They are a natural pair.  When Gendry learns he is a Baratheon, he is going to change his idea of himself.  I don't mean he is going to think like a Lord, quite the opposite.  He may even 'accept' what he is but reject the idea of lording it over anyone which totally matches Arya's idea of how she would like to live her life, not as a great lady, but as a woman who makes decisions for herself about how she wants to live.  And knowing he is her social equal is going to give him the emotional confidence to both allow himself to feel his attracton to her and maybe even pursue her.  He is aware he cannot be her family now, but he will know differently later.
"
In the books I think he does have feeling for her. They are both younger, so he acts more childish. But he mentioned how she looked different in girl's clothes and stuff, and gets all annoyed at her talking to the other little lord... 
Wonder what they'll do to them in the show, it could actually be telling if there is a future for them in the book... Also how would that work if the convine the caracter of Edric Storm with Gendry?
886	ferreyra anderson	2013-04-30	and how is Davos going to save Gendry?Yaeah... And isn't Gendry going around with Lady Stoneheart in ADWD trying to find Arya and stuff? It's been a while since I read that one, but I seem to recall that... How is that going to work with Gendry and Edric being combined?
887	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-30	Of course Robb's decision was the just thing to do. You don't excuse murder because it was commited by a man you need. That's Tywin-style, not Ned Stark style.The manner in which he goes about it and the timing were pretty bad but it was the just thing to do.As was Joff's decision to behead a lord for committing treason before his coronation. It's what Stannis would have done too.But both Robb & Joffrey were advised to show mercy in order to maintain support from the North. And both chose the king's justice.
888	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Yaeah... And isn't Gendry going around with Lady Stoneheart in ADWD trying to find Arya and stuff? It's been a while since I read that one, but I seem to recall that... How is that going to work with Gendry and Edric being combined?As far as I know Gendry is still at the inn where Brienne got her face chewed on.
889	boojam	2013-04-30	As far as I know Gendry is still at the inn where Brienne got her face chewed on.That could change,but if Davos does his thing, Gendry could wind up back in Westeros saving Brienne.Gendry position as a character is confusing to me , he is still in the brotherhood, yet does not travel with them....working as a smith at the Inn at the Crossroads. Well see if the show keeps that.
890	-Ghost-	2013-04-30	Well they are more violet than purple, and is a very weird thing, but they exist. Maybe Targaryens are albinos, why not? She is the Blood of the Dragon, sun-blazing and hot Essos cannot burn her.Targaryens are not albinos. Being an albino would make you more sensitive to sunlight, not less. Bloodraven was an albino Targ and had to wear hoods to protect himself from the sun. Dany has a problem with the heat in the red waste.
891	-Ghost-	2013-04-30	I think it could be more easily excused in the books. The books didn't stablish that ALL the baratheons had black hair. It isaid that always when Lannisters and Baratheon mixed, the Baratheons were dominant, and the kids had black hair. But in the show they dropped the Baratheons + Lannisters = black hair detail, and simply said that Baratheons = black of hair. So, only considering the show, Shireen's hair can hardly be excused.Baratheons are known to have black hair and blue eyes. Its not just when mixed with Lannisters. Every one of Roberts bastards has the same hair as him.
892	BlueDragon	2013-04-30	I wish I would have thought of it myself, but someone here linked a really cool video that pieces it all together.  Until I saw the video, I was just taking everything at face value.  See what you think after watching it and report back...http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgNever take anything at face value unless it is cigar.Mention of spying is a constant theme throughout the series and serves as plot driver.The one thing I noticed was that in the "I am not a spy scene" we get a very brief glance of a letter she is writing.  I had to play and replay it.  There is something concerning direction and it says Rob is moving east.  The producers meant for us to wonder, but not know what.  Talisa is clearly not alone as she appears to be.  That is a big red flag, no matter what she was writing.What the producers are intending for Talisa is anyone's guess, but assuming she is betraying Rob in a non-complicated way does not fit with what we know of the character.  The idea that she is working with the Lannisters just doesn't wash.The majority of the differences between the book and the series may hinge on what this one character does.For all we know, she is working to protect Rob, not destroy him.
893	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Targaryens are not albinos. Being an albino would make you more sensitive to sunlight, not less. Bloodraven was an albino Targ and had to wear hoods to protect himself from the sun. Dany has a problem with the heat in the red waste.Yeah, you're  right. Although, I never said that being albino would make you less sensitive to sunlight. I said that Dany would be the exception because she is "the blood of the dragon", but since she did have problems then it doesn't matter.Baratheons are known to have black hair and blue eyes. Its not just when mixed with Lannisters. Every one of Roberts bastards has the same hair as him.Baratheons are known to have black hair and blue eyes, but the books never said that ALL the Baratheons in ALL history have black hair and blue eyes. The ones we cunrrently know in the story do, but there could've been some exception before. Although it IS stated that EVERY TIME the Stag and the Lion mated, the Stag was dominant. It doesn't mean that there couldn't be an exception with some othe House. However, that wasn't mentioned in the show. In the show they just said that Baratheons = black hair, always. Either way, the show made a HUGE mistake with Shireen's hair. And....Robert's seed is strong.
894	Omniserpent	2013-04-30	Hey all, first time poster, long time reader.  I've been loving this season altogether despite some of the deviations from the book.  However, the one glaring problem that I've been having has to do with Loras.  I have no issue whatsoever that they replaced his brother for the whole marriage plot with Sansa or Cersei, it's TV, and its way easier to use an established character than introduce a minor character.  My issue really is the fact that it seems that everybody has seem to forgotten that Loras is a member of the Kingsguard at this point in the books.  If i'm not mistaken, in the show, in S2E10 Loras asks King Joff to allow him to join the Kingsguard, which Joff obliges.  Loras hasn't appeared in his white armor, hasn't been seen guarding Joff at all, and now is becoming a main plot point for being married off.  What's going on? Did I miss something along the line in the show?
895	mafalda	2013-04-30	I feel now I am finally convinced that they've made Talisa into a spy.  Firstly, it replaces the betrayal of Jeyne's mother in the books, and shifts the betrayal to Talisa.  Same result, more heart break.
	Spoiler And, of course, Robb will understand his betrayal at the red wedding, right before Bolton sticks the dagger in.  Yes, she will attend with him, and when he reaches for her, crossbow bolt in his back, she will stand just behind Bolton, somber look on her face, and watch him get killed as he stares at her in all his heartbroken hotness.  In fact, if Talisa IS NOT a spy, I will be really disappointed!!
I also think this Talisa reveal will also take the place of the Shae betrayal.  I do think Shae will be forced to speak at the trial, but against her wishes.  I believe they will set up the Shae storyline to be a sort of tragic misunderstanding.  She really cared for Tyrion, but was set up, blackmailed and threatened.  When Tyrion finds her, she tries to explain, but Tyrion, in his rage, won't believe her.. then it's all... "hands of cold are always cold... but a woman's hands are warm..."Thank you! I totally believe she is a spy. Have you seen the picture with her at the Red Wedding? It's a wtf moment because she totally is not supposed to be there you know... And then just all the evidence leading up to it.I think Shae's jealousy at Tyrion saying Sansa is beautiful will rear its ugly head again when Tyrion marries Sansa. I still think she will testify and sleep with Tywin and Tyrion will kill her. If DD skip that, they are on glue because that was one of the many brilliant parts of ASOS!
896	mafalda	2013-04-30	Hey all, first time poster, long time reader.  I've been loving this season altogether despite some of the deviations from the book.  However, the one glaring problem that I've been having has to do with Loras.  I have no issue whatsoever that they replaced his brother for the whole marriage plot with Sansa or Cersei, it's TV, and its way easier to use an established character than introduce a minor character.  My issue really is the fact that it seems that everybody has seem to forgotten that Loras is a member of the Kingsguard at this point in the books.  If i'm not mistaken, in the show, in S2E10 Loras asks King Joff to allow him to join the Kingsguard, which Joff obliges.  Loras hasn't appeared in his white armor, hasn't been seen guarding Joff at all, and now is becoming a main plot point for being married off.  What's going on? Did I miss something along the line in the show?Welcome!I don't think they have Loras as part of the Kingsguard in the show. I can't remember what was exchanged between he and Joff in 2ep10 except Margaery's hand in marriage.
897	Omniserpent	2013-04-30	I just watched the scene again, and you're right, he only asks for Joff to marry Margaery.  I guess I just made that up in my head, my mistake!  So I guess Loras just won't be in the Kingsguard in the show, unless that ends up being the reason he doesn't marry Cersei.  If not, I'll be somewhat disappointed.  Jaime's exchanges with Loras once he returns to KL are some of my favorite conversations in ASOS.
898	Clocksquirrel	2013-04-30	I also think this Talisa reveal will also take the place of the Shae betrayal.  I do think Shae will be forced to speak at the trial, but against her wishes.  I believe they will set up the Shae storyline to be a sort of tragic misunderstanding. I was concerned about this after the second (I think) episode came out. the Sansa-Shae scenes are setting her up to be quite a nice understanding character, which won't really make sense if she flat out betrays Tyrion later on... Very much hoping she doesn't get turned into a victim
899	Hoo	2013-04-30	Great to see no Theon and Bran scenes.  This episode was great and more pertinent.  Excellent decision.
900	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	Missed the one Hedge Knight reference in the Jaime/Brienne bath scene (i.e., "Are you thick as a castle wall?"), but was delighted to find an added one in the Shireen/Davos scene: "it sounds like 'egg'..."  I keep wishing they'd do the Dunk & Egg stories as Christmas specials.. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I don't know about Christmas specials but Martin has been in talks with HBO about developing other shows. I wouldn't be surprised if they mean Dunk & Egg since HBO will likely want to milk GoT for all it's worth while it remains hot with fans.
901	kli	2013-04-30	I don't know about Christmas specials but Martin has been in talks with HBO about developing other shows. I wouldn't be surprised if they mean Dunk & Egg since HBO will likely want to milk GoT for all it's worth while it remains hot with fans.Possibly, although HBO is probably more after a series ideas (hey, maybe we'll get Black Cluster!). I just keep thinking that since we get the Dunk & Egg stories between the novels, that it would be perfect to have a one-episode Christmas special between seasons. Especially since you really need "The Hedge Knight" before Jaime's flipping through that White Book. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
902	Stannisfan	2013-04-30	I assumed that Loras would get out of the Cersei marriage by joining the Kingsguard
903	ferreyra anderson	2013-04-30	It looks like they<U+0080><U+0099>re skipping Arya and Gendry at the bar and Arya and Gendry at the Acorn hall, which makes sense <U+0080><U+0093> those scenes aren<U+0080><U+0099>t necessary and it would be easy to make Gendry creepy with that sort of thing.  But I thought they were cute scenes and was looking forward to a little adorable awkwardness between the two of them..Well, the Aryan and Gendry on the show are older than their book counterparts, in the book it was cute... Gendry was childishly lashing out at her and being jealous about the little lording around... He even mentions her looks and all... But they are much older in the show, so those exact interaction would probably be creepy, especially because Gendry looks like a man and Arya still looks like a girl.
904	ferreyra anderson	2013-04-30	Really? I've never seen anyone with purple eyes! Unless you're talking about albinos. Are the Targs supposed to be Albinos? I've never thought about it. Although that would make Dany's wandering in sun-blazing and hot Essos a tiny bit impossible.Albinos have red eyes. There some people with purple eyes, they are like a mix between purple near the edges and grey near the the middle...
905	Rashtibram	2013-04-30	Great episode. I know some people last week were complaining that the show focused too much on big game-changers, without enough character development, and this episode was the perfect answer to those complaints. We got the action of Sandor vs. Beric and the Karstark betrayal and execution, but the rest of the episode was pretty much all character development. The bathtub scene was done perfectly and really enhance Jaime and Brienne's relationship, we saw some great Robb build up and his plan to attack Casterly Rock will help to shock readers when it never happens, and the debut of shireen and selyse was very eerie but worked well. And whose eyes didn't tear up with Arya and Gendry's scene? On the whole, the only thing this episode was missing was a big cliffhanger ending, which would have excited viewers after all that talking /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But I kind of liked the symbolic shot of the lion, tyrion and cersei at the end. One of the best episodes this season, second behind last week's I would say. Oh and btw, Jon and Ygritte... /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
906	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Loras was in love with Renly and said that he could never love another in the books, here he jumps into bed with random guys he just met.Teens in love are never melodramatic, then horny again...
907	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Pretty sure what Linda means is that a huge part of Loras's book characterization is his undying love of Renly. It's part of the reason he joins the Kingsguard.To guard the man who stole Renly's throne?  Odd devotion.
908	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	Loras telling another character he would never love another is not the same as Martin telling us from an objective point of view in the text that Loras would never love another.
It's not dissimilar to Tywin going on and on chastising Tyrion for whoring, and then it being revealed that he himself enjoyed the company of ladies of the night.
I imagine that if that had never been revealed in the books and the show depicted Tywin with a prostitute, people here would be going on and on about "character assassination."
909	'96Buck	2013-04-30	I'm pretty sure that the butcher's boy was low born and that didn't stop Arya from befriending him.On the road, in secret, that ended atrociously.  So that doesn't really mean much.
910	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Gendry will be Melisandres other way of getting kings blood. She will sacrifice him, as she did edric storm in the books. Hate to ruin your love story.in which book did Melisandre sacrifice Edric Storm?
911	Rashtibram	2013-04-30	Also the last fetus she named was Edric - nice nod to Storm who most likely is out of the show altogether.Not sure about that. Where do you think Melisandre went to get 'King's blood?'
912	Rashtibram	2013-04-30	This was my interpretation as well.But I think it's a mixture. He's saying that, but also implying something else i feel.
913	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Tywin wants cersie to wed Loras for the support of highgarden, but as the queen of thorns so thoroughly pointed out, they are already extremely invested in the lannister cause. Seems a bit redundant. Maybe he just want to rid himself of cersies arrogance but you'd think tywin the clever lannister he is would make a better investment with his only daughter. A bid for the support of dorne perhaps. But then again he is clearly no tyrion who is in fact lan the clever rebornTywin needs Cersei out of the way, so he can manage Joff himself, and like Tyrion did as Hand, he needs her to quit screwing everything up.  If he weds her to Highgarden, the Tyrells aren't going to scheme against the throne, so she is, in fact, out of the way.  If he weds her to, say, Greyjoy or Bolton, then he still has Joff being pulled 2 directions.
914	Rashtibram	2013-04-30	Jon Snow is rushed this season and I feel like they kind of dropped the ball on his story arc ... I guess they are relying on ppl just inherently liking him? I dunno. Oh well.I think it's due to production issues; it's difficult and expensive to shoot in iceland. i imagine his story will become more elaborated on once they're south of the wall and in northern ireland again.
915	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Question:  Haven't really read the books.  The only thing that bugged me about Jaime's story was, why was Stark's opinion the only one that mattered?  Could he not have defened his actions to any other house, council member or anything?   I haven't read the books so I'm not sure but was this the first moment the truth of why he did it revealed.  Viewer's and readers knew DragonFire exsisted because of Blackwater.  I also realize they -the people of King'sLanding- may wanted have keep it secret for security purposes, but really did no one really talk about it or investigate it.I mean I know many people think Stark was judgemental and honorable to the point of loosing his head over it, but it's hard to fathom that Ned would have continued to fault Jaime if he knew it was to save the people of King's Landing and had nothing to do with politics.sort of a "you never get a 2nd chance to make a 1st impression" situation, I think.  But Ned wouldn't hear excuses about WHY he broke oath.
916	'96Buck	2013-04-30	That's the one thing that annoyed me about characters' treatment of Jaime.  He broke his oath yes, but so did the Starks, Baratheons, Tullys, and Arryns who all swore an oath of fealty to the crown.  Why was it okay for them to break their oaths, but not Jaime?  Very hypocritical.Aerys and Rhaegar betrayed their "side" of the fealty contract first, so the Starks and Robert have justification.
917	Rashtibram	2013-04-30	Considering this is episode 5 ..and we have 5 more to go . It's possible that we will get the red wedding in this season. My guess either 7 or 8 judging from the pace.The Red Wedding, it was confirmed a while ago, will be in episode nine. You can guess from the title: 'The Rains of Castamere'
918	Kasrith	2013-04-30	Not sure about that. Where do you think Melisandre went to get 'King's blood?'The BWB cave /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
919	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Nope. Balon is still very much alive when Tywin plans the marriages in the books. But you do bring up a point that's been bugging me this entire season? There's been virtually no mention of the ironborn, and they've been reduced to an afterthought, despite them holding some notable castles in the North. I really hope the show addresses them ASAP.If they show the real Ironborn, that will either give away Ramsay's game, or be even more confusing as to what the Ironborn are doing.
920	Rashtibram	2013-04-30	The BWB cave /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />That doesn't happen in the books, and Gendry is supposed to survive to meet brienne in book 4, and i certainly hope he'll continue to survive. if they do that, i think it would be an unnecessary deviation and i wouldn't welcome it. better to just invent one of robert's other bastards (edric storm) cause they can't just completely change gendry's story arc. also, if you're wondering who arya shot an arrow at in the preview to 'the climb', that wasn't melisandre, that was the hound. (sorry i had a long argument with somebody about this)
921	GoldenFleece	2013-04-30	Aerys and Rhaegar betrayed their "side" of the fealty contract first, so the Starks and Robert have justification. Not saying they didn't.  I am just saying I understand what Jaime did, as I would have done the same thing and I don't understand why he got the flak that he did for killing a clearly insane King before innocents got hurt,
922	Lady Phedre	2013-04-30	In the preview for next week, that little exchange between the bastard of Dreadfort and Theon made my stomach go in knots.UGH, me too! That actor has crazyeyes for real.
923	Kasrith	2013-04-30	That doesn't happen in the books, and Gendry is supposed to survive to meet brienne in book 4, and i certainly hope he'll continue to survive. if they do that, i think it would be an unnecessary deviation and i wouldn't welcome it. better to just invent one of robert's other bastards (edric storm) cause they can't just completely change gendry's story arc. also, if you're wondering who arya shot an arrow at in the preview to 'the climb', that wasn't melisandre, that was the hound. (sorry i had a long argument with somebody about this) Edric survived the leeching, why wouldn't Gendry? She doesn't need to take him or anything, only the ritual... It makes perfect sense since he's another bastard; she's got a connection between Red Priest Fire Skype; and she disappears again without a trace. No need to add a new character, and actually adds more value to Gendry since he goes silent otherwise until later. I didn't wonder who Arya shot at, I doubt she'll still be there when Mel arrives. Even if she is, the leeching will take place in the cave so the scene you're describing is something else altogether.
924	Kasrith	2013-04-30	To guard the man who stole Renly's throne?  Odd devotion.Um how is joining the KG in any way guarding Stannis?
925	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	I don't want Gendry to go to Dragonstone at all.  I hope (as we may have seen in a trailer) Melisandre just tries to use him for a shadowbaby and then returns.  Taking him with her and away from the BwB would be pointless after he's vowed to stay with them, imo.
926	Kasrith	2013-04-30	I don't want Gendry to go to Dragonstone at all.  I hope (as we may have seen in a trailer) Melisandre just tries to use him for a shadowbaby and then returns.  Taking him with her and away from the BwB would be pointless after he's vowed to stay with them, imo.But that's my point - he doesn't have to leave. I don't think she is going to make a shadow baby either... Stannis needs 3 kings to die, she can leech Gendry right there and then, toss the leeches into the fire (or carry them with her to show Stannis) and be done with it.@rickonkinginthenorthAt 7:58 and on in this video they feature Thoros of Myr, showing his new role in the show (I just stumbled upon the video and thought of you immediately /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) Look at who he's with... This shows so much more than the trailer we all thought might have just been edited to look like they were in the same cave.http://youtu.be/SN28-TdHCbI
927	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-30	This was definitely the Jaimie Lannister episode. Huge development in his character this week. This episode seemed to have more straight from book dialogue than most episodes.
928	BlueDragon	2013-04-30	Not saying they didn't.  I am just saying I understand what Jaime did, as I would have done the same thing and I don't understand why he got the flak that he did for killing a clearly insane King before innocents got hurt,His pride was insulted by Ned Stark, so he decided not to tell anyone.  In other words, he had a selfcentered fit and didn't have the fortitude to explain himself in a highly contentious situation.  It didn't help that his father was busy betraying the king from inside the wall of the Red Keep.I have sympathy for Jaime once he tells his story, but being called the Kingslayer is not the sort of horror to which he sentenced Bran.  I think that Martin is manipulating our perception of Jaime in this sense.The world IS grey and there are a lot of 'good' reasons for the evil people do, but that doesn't mean everyone's actions can be redeemed away by explanation.
929	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-30	Selyse and Shireen exist. Oh joy. I was wondering about the story at Dragonstone. Is Mel gathering up Edric Storm? Stannis never sees his daughter and he just gives her bad news the one moment he has with her? What a dick! Sir Davos and Shireen scene seemed to jam much of the story line into a little snibbet. I was worrying so I was glad that any of that story line was squezzed in.
930	BlueDragon	2013-04-30	Really? I've never seen anyone with purple eyes! Unless you're talking about albinos. Are the Targs supposed to be Albinos? I've never thought about it. Although that would make Dany's wandering in sun-blazing and hot Essos a tiny bit impossible.Purple eyes are rare, but very real.  Elizabeth Taylor had purple eyes in person.  I don't think the screen could register them though.I've never seen anyone with purple eyes either because they are so rare, or maybe I did, but didn't look closely enough.
931	BlueDragon	2013-04-30	" 1. Arya and Gendry are going to have a romance if not be a married couple.  That dialog between them tonight was absolutely dead on as a foreshawdowing of this.  Gendry was asserting his need not only to be free of a master/serf relationship but also his need not to be subservient to Arya.  I am not claiming that they have feelings for one another in a romantic way right now, that would be creepy and out of character for both of them, but they will.  They are a natural pair.  When Gendry learns he is a Baratheon, he is going to change his idea of himself.  I don't mean he is going to think like a Lord, quite the opposite.  He may even 'accept' what he is but reject the idea of lording it over anyone which totally matches Arya's idea of how she would like to live her life, not as a great lady, but as a woman who makes decisions for herself about how she wants to live.  And knowing he is her social equal is going to give him the emotional confidence to both allow himself to feel his attracton to her and maybe even pursue her.  He is aware he cannot be her family now, but he will know differently later."In the books I think he does have feeling for her. They are both younger, so he acts more childish. But he mentioned how she looked different in girl's clothes and stuff, and gets all annoyed at her talking to the other little lord...Wonder what they'll do to them in the show, it could actually be telling if there is a future for them in the book... Also how would that work if the convine the caracter of Edric Storm with Gendry?Yes, but his feelings are nascent and confused.  It would be a confusing situation for anyone as a female child wearing men's clothes just wasn't done, so that gender switch would be hard on Gendry's imagination.The parts you have noted represent some of the evidence for what I am claiming is being set up.I need to review Storm's story line to figure that out, but I don't see any reason why that should affect their relationship what is going to be years later when Arya is at least 15 and probably more.
					
					
							Edited by BlueDragon, 30 April 2013 - 07:43 PM.
932	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2013-04-30	Yes, actually.. isn't this how Jorah is outed?  He was there, correct? So, he lied to Jorah about knowing?Yes. he's there, in the books and season 1. He definitely knows about Jorah and is against Robert having Dany killed.
933	Lord Snide	2013-05-01	re BlujeDeragon above:
"I need to review Storm's story line to figure that out, but I don't see any reason why that should affect their relationship what is going to be years later when Arya is at least 15 and probably more."
Edric Storm is a sub-sub-sub -subsidiary character against the whole of the story and  is really  narrative tool to
provide a criterion for Davos. He wont give him up to the Red Witch. Like Ned refused to be party to the  assassination of Danaerys.  I can live without him in the tv series adaptation.  Ditto Patchface. Ditto Willas and sundry other characters that people obsess about. There are very real resource and time limitations on D&D/HBO,
the series is already bloated in terms of characters   ... be happy that GRRM has taken so long to write the currently available 5 volumes if he finishes the story he dies a literary saint in my opnion.
934	Lord Snide	2013-05-01	great episode. maybe best this season so far. just rewatched the episode : Selyse is very good  and I think the three jars is a beautiful touch made me think maybe David Lynch  get to direct an ep sometime.  Shireen is beautiful
such pure innocence the Patchface lullaby bought a tear to my eye also the way she was so insistent that she teach
Davos to read.  she and Tyrion are both ... disfigured ...and shunned by their parents (selyse seems to consider her an  abomination)  yet each has an indomitable spirit.  hope they handle Shireen's character deftly but so far, so good!
thanx to the person in this thread who put up a link to the song in The Night The Hunter, this prompted me to revisit a very very fine old movie that is pregnant with creativity and is still watchable : came out in 1955.
I have fingers crossed that Antonio Banderas plays Oberyn Martell, I reckon he would be beautiful. He has swagger and gravitas.
Also how about Malcolm McDowell as Aeron (Damphair) Greyjoy?  that would be a treat McDowell does very good maniac/fanatic. 
Albert Finney as Wyman Manderley....aaahhh
reckon the show is really on a roll now, rest of this season should be great.  and i'm now starting to think that Talisa is a spy so i am looking forward to what happens at that significant ceremony that we believe will happenin ep 9 or 10. could be really twisted.
also, big props to michelle fairley her performance during the "trial" of Lord
Karstark is phenomenal : she says nothing just seems to be a broken woman watching her son steadily drift to his doom.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Snide, 01 May 2013 - 09:57 AM.
935	Rashtibram	2013-05-01	@rickonkinginthenorthAt 7:58 and on in this video they feature Thoros of Myr, showing his new role in the show (I just stumbled upon the video and thought of you immediately /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) Look at who he's with... This shows so much more than the trailer we all thought might have just been edited to look like they were in the same cave.http://youtu.be/SN28-TdHCbIThanks for showing me! I guess she will go to the cave, but...
936	The Monkey	2013-05-01	Moving on to more important matters, how disgusting was Jon, eating out Ygritte after walking for weeks in heavy furs without washing. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />They could at least have bathed before the cunnilingus.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 01 May 2013 - 12:45 PM.
937	Silverx2	2013-05-01	I can't believe the season is already half done. Not enough Episodes
938	Honey Badger	2013-05-01	Loved the episode.  Only thing was they didn't show Ygritte as having the carpet matching the drapes, since she's kissed by fire and all that.
939	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-05-01	Teens in love are never melodramatic, then horny again...Thank you!  I mean come on, the guy is a horny teenager like all of us were. Yes he loved Renly, blah blah blah.... At some point in real life he would move on.
940	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-05-01	Loved the episode.  Only thing was they didn't show Ygritte as having the carpet matching the drapes, since she's kissed by fire and all that.They're saving that for the 'piss feels like fire' episode. Oh Ygritte, you dirty dirty girl.If I were a non-book reader I'd swear they were losing the plot north of the Wall. The urgency of the White Walkers being everywhere around them seems to have diminished quite a bit. They need to throw the viewers a bone & mention them every chance they get, since they made it look like the invasion was imminent.
					
					
							Edited by Vegeta_Greyjoy, 01 May 2013 - 10:49 AM.
941	JMJ	2013-05-01	They're saving that for the 'piss feels like fire' episode. Oh Ygritte, you dirty dirty girl.If I were a non-book reader I'd swear they were losing the plot north of the Wall. The urgency of the White Walkers being everywhere around them seems to have diminished quite a bit. They need to throw the viewers a bone & mention them every chance they get, since they made it look like the invasion was imminent.I think that will happen with Sam the Slayer.
942	Necromancer	2013-05-01	Best episode of season 3 so far.
The cave scene between Jon and Ygritte was really well done. A good escape from the horror and death that makes up the rest of the story.
The bath scene with Jaime and Brienne was excellent. Very well written by Brian Cogman and fantastically acted by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Gwendoline Christie, where we finally see a more human side to Jaime. I also have to voice my opinion that Michael McElhatton who plays Roose Bolton is the show's most underrated actor. The scene where he told Jaime about the Battle of Blackwater Bay was brilliantly subtle.
I hugely enjoyed the scene between the Tyrion and Olenna. Not from the book, but a really interesting encounter between the two most intelligent characters in the series.
Not a smart expectation on my part, but I didn't think they'd actually show Karstark killing the Lannister boys. The scene of Robb beheading Karstark was brilliantly handled, the similarities to Theon killing Rodrik was a nice way of showing the Robb is losing his grip.
The Dragonstone scenes were interesting, as Stannis seems to have a closer relationship with Selyse and Shireen than he does in the books. The dead fetuses in the jars were very creepy and it's not altogether ridiculous to imagine that they did exist in the book. Shireen was made very likable by Kerry Ingram and I like the interaction between herself and Davos. Her singing Patchface's song was a cool nod to book readers.
The Hound vs Beric was awesome, and Maisie Williams was on the top of her game in every one of her scenes. Richard Dormer did a great job of showing Beric's depleted humanity.
The scene between Jorah and Barristan showed that despite both of them being knights, there's a lot of contrast between them. Barristan's speech about wanting to serve someone he believes in gave us a great insight into what an honorable man he is. Nice hint at the end that Barristan knows that Jorah is one of Varys' spies. The casting of Grey Worm was very fitting, he really feels like a warrior who has been enslaved all his life. I loved the way he delivered his lines in Valyrian, he did it with a lot of intensity.
The final scene really showed Tywin's influence, one of the few times he's ever raised his voice. Despite the fact that his children and are the Queen Regent and the Master of Coin, he still has them on a tight leash. Clever way of avoiding unnecessary characters by replacing Willas with Loras.
Speaking of Loras, his scene was the episode's only weak point. He seems to have gotten over Renly's death WAY too quickly. There were plenty of other things they could have done to have Littlefinger discover the marraige plot.
943	Kasrith	2013-05-01	Moving on to more important matters, how disgusting was Jon, eating out Ygritte after walking for weeks in heavy furs without washing. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />They could at least have bathed before the cunnilingus.What would be wild about that??
944	rmholt	2013-05-01	I assumed that Loras would get out of the Cersei marriage by joining the KingsguardPerhaps they will have Mace refuse the match as in the book (Willas to cersei)  The idea of Mace refusing Cersei for Willas probably had something to do with their plans for Sansa although required them to slight Tywin in a way he probably is touchy about.  Now, the same thing could be applied using Loras in the show if they go that way.
945	King of the Road	2013-05-01	Perhaps they will have Mace refuse the match as in the book (Willas to cersei)  The idea of Mace refusing Cersei for Willas probably had something to do with their plans for Sansa although required them to slight Tywin in a way he probably is touchy about.  Now, the same thing could be applied using Loras in the show if they go that way.I imagine it'll be Olenna who refuses the match in the series. We've seen a scene of her snapping a quill in front of Tywin, which could be her reaction to being asked to sign a marriage contract? Maybe she'll even suggest that Loras join the Kingsguard?
946	rmholt	2013-05-01	Loras telling another character he would never love another is not the same as Martin telling us from an objective point of view in the text that Loras would never love another.It's not dissimilar to Tywin going on and on chastising Tyrion for whoring, and then it being revealed that he himself enjoyed the company of ladies of the night.I imagine that if that had never been revealed in the books and the show depicted Tywin with a prostitute, people here would be going on and on about "character assassination."  Right, besides, Tyrion was just making small talk. Probably Loras wouldnt confide too much. Anyway we know Loras is passionate and young.  Also, if the Tyrell family is as organized on this as in everything else, he might have been overstating his celibacy in his devotion to the memory of Renly.
947	rmholt	2013-05-01	Welcome!I don't think they have Loras as part of the Kingsguard in the show. I can't remember what was exchanged between he and Joff in 2ep10 except Margaery's hand in marriage.Yeah I was so confused seeing him NOT in whites but clearly I inserted a scene from the books into the show in my mind.
948	rmholt	2013-05-01	I imagine it'll be Olenna who refuses the match in the series. We've seen a scene of her snapping a quill in front of Tywin, which could be her reaction to being asked to sign a marriage contract? Maybe she'll even suggest that Loras join the Kingsguard?Oh, I have no doubt Olenna runs the Puff Fish.
949	rmholt	2013-05-01	Moving on to more important matters, how disgusting was Jon, eating out Ygritte after walking for weeks in heavy furs without washing. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />They could at least have bathed before the cunnilingus.Well, who says they didnt?  She could have hit the hot tub ahead of time.
950	Nanaki	2013-05-01	Greetings from "lagardedenuit".
First reply here due to a broken english.
I've some questions deducted from this episod.
-First of all, Loras. Presented as the heir of Highgarden. It means Loras doesn't have brothers in the tv show (Willas ? Garlan ?) and according to me, we can't expect him in the Kingsguard. If he's a White Sword, Margaery is the heir of Lord Mace Tyrell. Engaged to a Lannister, it could be a disaster for the House Tyrell.
-Robb Stark and House Frey. Doesn't Robb have already the Twins army (a part of it at least) ? In the books they leave Robb's army after the wedding with Jeyne (or Talisa in tv show). We don't have such a consistency in tv show.
					
					
							Edited by Nanaki, 01 May 2013 - 04:23 PM.
951	alguien	2013-05-01	I really enjoyed this episode, especially the Lannister scens and the duel between the Hound and the Lightning Lord.
However, I found the preserved babies a bit weird. Don't know why this bugged me, perhaps it felt like they were going just for the shock value, rather than making a commentary on Selyse's character.
952	Maxthestig	2013-05-01	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=tFF6F5BlV94Here is what I thought.Loved this episode a load of scenes done justice.The Berric and Hound fight tickThe Bath scene tickThe Robb and Karstark tickStannis tickBOLTON TICK !!!I did think the Loras scene was rushed.
953	jarl the climber	2013-05-01	Greetings from "lagardedenuit".First reply here due to a broken english.I've some questions deducted from this episod.-First of all, Loras. Presented as the heir of Highgarden. It means Loras doesn't have brothers in the tv show (Willas ? Garlan ?) and according to me, we can't expect him in the Kingsguard. If he's a White Sword, Margaery is the heir of Lord Mace Tyrell. Engaged to a Lannister, it could be a disaster for the House Tyrell.-Robb Stark and House Frey. Doesn't Robb have already the Twins army (a part of it at least) ? In the books they leave Robb's army after the wedding with Jeyne (or Talisa in tv show). We don't have such a consistency in tv show.I think we can deduce that Loras does not have any older brothers, he might have younger ones who could step in if he has to step aside in order to join the Kingsguard but we do not know for sure either way.
954	ViserionsFire	2013-05-01	It's interesting that the TV producers haven't included prophesies given to Cercei by Maggy the Frog and those given to Dany by Quaithe as well as those from woodswitch the "Ghost of High Heart" in the series.  The prophesies that came from them contribute greatly to the book forums. Cercei reflects on Maggy's prophesy, I don't think Arya has reflected on the woodswitch's comments to her yet, but she may soon with the direction she's heading. Dany is puzzled over Quaithe's prophesies, and would like clarification.  In the books, the prophesies given have come true and form the basis for these characters decisions.
955	rmholt	2013-05-01	It's interesting that the TV producers haven't included prophesies given to Cercei by Maggy the Frog and those given to Dany by Quaithe as well as those from woodswitch the "Ghost of High Heart" in the series.  The prophesies that came from them contribute greatly to the book forums. Cercei reflects on Maggy's prophesy, I don't think Arya has reflected on the woodswitch's comments to her yet, but she may soon with the direction she's heading. Dany is puzzled over Quaithe's prophesies, and would like clarification.  In the books, the prophesies given have come true and form the basis for these characters decisions.We heard maegi's prophesies in full AFFC if I recall correctly.  Very late.  I dont mind not having to spend time watching the characters perseverate over prophecies, mainly Dany and Cersei.
956	Khal Porno	2013-05-01	To be honest I am glad they haven't included prophecies and whatnot in the show.  At first I found them interesting in the books, but then it got kind of tedious thinking about "what could they be??" all the time, and I think they kind of paint you into a narrative corner.
957	Tirilei	2013-05-02	Best episode of season 3 so far.The cave scene between Jon and Ygritte was really well done. A good escape from the horror and death that makes up the rest of the story.Agree completely!  Surprisingly, no one has started a topic for that scene yet. I tried this morning but they never posted it, I have no idea why.
958	Honey Badger	2013-05-02	They included the red comet for prophecy, at least.
959	Dove	2013-05-02	To be honest I was never crazy about the density of prophecies in the series, even though they're arguably such a huge part of it and they're handled better than 90% of the prophecies in other fictional works. The show slimming them down or downplaying them until they're needed is a big improvement for me, personally, but I can see how the more analytical fans who have fun picking them apart and examining every angle would feel a little cheated.
960	wolverine	2013-05-02	To be honest I was never crazy about the density of prophecies in the series, even though they're arguably such a huge part of it and they're handled better than 90% of the prophecies in other fictional works. The show slimming them down or downplaying them until they're needed is a big improvement for me, personally, but I can see how the more analytical fans who have fun picking them apart and examining every angle would feel a little cheated. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
961	Newstar	2013-05-02	To be honest I was never crazy about the density of prophecies in the series, even though they're arguably such a huge part of it and they're handled better than 90% of the prophecies in other fictional works. The show slimming them down or downplaying them until they're needed is a big improvement for me, personally, but I can see how the more analytical fans who have fun picking them apart and examining every angle would feel a little cheated.Agreed. Of course, my own take on the lack of prophecies in the show to date is that they've shown just how little many of these prophecies really ultimately add to or are needed by the books.
962	Joyful Union	2013-05-02	To be honest I was never crazy about the density of prophecies in the series, even though they're arguably such a huge part of it and they're handled better than 90% of the prophecies in other fictional works. The show slimming them down or downplaying them until they're needed is a big improvement for me, personally, but I can see how the more analytical fans who have fun picking them apart and examining every angle would feel a little cheated.Definitely. The worst for me was the Cersei Maggy the Frog prophecy. Why couldnt Cersei just hate Tyrion for a real reason? We didnt need this valonqar bs.
963	NickyM	2013-05-02	Definitely. The worst for me was the Cersei Maggy the Frog prophecy. Why couldnt Cersei just hate Tyrion for a real reason? We didnt need this valonqar bs.I can't really remember the time line but I thought Cersei went to the profet after Tyrion was born and she has been being a Bitch to him ever since he was born. Which came first the prophey or her trying to twist of Tyrion's manhood at 9.  I thought the prophey was after that, but I can never see a valid time line.
964	Stannisfan	2013-05-02	I love the prophesies, I would have liked to see Maggy telling Arya 'begone dark heart' I loved that bit in the book. I agree there is no point to them in the show though!
965	Maxthestig	2013-05-02	https://www.youtube....94&noredirect=1Here is our review.I think I love Diana Rigg !!!The scene with Roose Bolton is such tease. I Love him too !
966	Dove	2013-05-02	I can't really remember the time line but I thought Cersei went to the profet after Tyrion was born and she has been being a Bitch to him ever since he was born. Which came first the prophey or her trying to twist of Tyrion's manhood at 9.  I thought the prophey was after that, but I can never see a valid time line.I just got an answer to this question on the general ASOIAF board, actually.Cersei hurting baby Tyrion came before the prophecy. She met Maggy + heard about the valonqar two years after that.Before she had the prophecy to fuel her paranoia, it was pretty much her resentment over the death of their mother that made her so angry towards him. (unfortunately Cersei wasn't the only one who felt that way about Joanna, as Tywin seemed to rub it in his face a lot too)
967	Lady Lion	2013-05-02	I just want a Tormund "Har!" : (
968	Belacel	2013-05-02	In my opinion, the prophesies and dreams are a great device for the book series. First, they are a complex form of foreshadowing that nourishes the reader looking for deeper connections or meaning. They also contribute to the general eerie atmosphere of this strange world. As a reader, I must look at the exact wording, and compare the various prophesies to advance my reflection. I often had to go back to the previous books or chapters and read them again.
I believe there are too many prophesies, and they are too complex, to figure all in the TV series. Still, some prophesies play an important part (or so it seems), and I guess that those that have made it to the TV series (or that will do so) are the most significant. The selection that will be made between all the prophesies, histories and dreams will most certainly give us a considerable indication of what is still to come.
969	madprofessah	2013-05-02	If they basically need to stop a Loras Tyrell-Sansa Stark marriage why is it that Tywin has to marry off both halves of the couple to his children?Why can't he either marry off Sansa Stark to Tyrion OR marry off Loras to Cersei? I really think the second match here is the more important one strategically. We KNOW that Highgarden has money and supplies (even though Dorne is far away) but I find it hard to believe that the people of the North are going to rise up and follow Sansa Stark's husband as the true heir to the North, especially if it is Littlefinger, (ummm, pardon me!) I mean Lord Baelish of Harrenhall.The fact that Tywin wants both weddings to happen demonstrates 1) how greedy he is and 2) how little he thinks of the happiness/concerns of his children. Basically everyone is property to him. I can not WAIT for the privy scene in Season 4 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I for one am pretty sure we will see Loras in the Kingsguard very very soon.
970	Khal Porno	2013-05-03	I think it also serves the narrative purpose of motivating Cersei to manipulate Loras into the Kingsguard.  Maybe.
971	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-03	If they basically need to stop a Loras Tyrell-Sansa Stark marriage why is it that Tywin has to marry off both halves of the couple to his children?Why can't he either marry off Sansa Stark to Tyrion OR marry off Loras to Cersei? I really think the second match here is the more important one strategically. We KNOW that Highgarden has money and supplies (even though Dorne is far away) but I find it hard to believe that the people of the North are going to rise up and follow Sansa Stark's husband as the true heir to the North, especially if it is Littlefinger, (ummm, pardon me!) I mean Lord Baelish of Harrenhall.The fact that Tywin wants both weddings to happen demonstrates 1) how greedy he is and 2) how little he thinks of the happiness/concerns of his children. Basically everyone is property to him. I can not WAIT for the privy scene in Season 4 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I for one am pretty sure we will see Loras in the Kingsguard very very soon.Have you read the books?  Tywin marrying off Sansa to Tyrion was never really about Tyrion getting the North.  The true purpose of the marriage is for Sansa to give the Lannnisters a son that can claim Winterfell.  I'm assuming that if the plan would have gone as hoped then once Sansa gave Tyrion a son Tywin would have most likely arranged for the boy to have his surname be Stark instead of Lannister.  Which would not only give the boy a surname the North could acknowledge as ruler of Winterfell, but also at the the same time give the Lannisters an immense amount of power and influence in the North being that the boy would actually have a Stark(Sansa) as a mother but a Lannister(Tyrion) as a father.This is what I love about Tywin he's always 10 steps ahead of everyone else.  While everyone else is fighting and bickering about the now as if they can't see the forest for the trees, Tywin is always thinking about the future and how to make sure the Lannister secure their power in that future.  I mean the guy might be a total bastard, but he's also a total political fuckin genius.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 May 2013 - 12:54 AM.
972	Silverx2	2013-05-03	Have you read the books?  Tywin marrying off Sansa to Tyrion was never really about Tyrion getting the North.  The true purpose of the marriage is for Sansa to give the Lannnisters a son that can claim Winterfell.  I'm assuming that if the plan would have gone as hoped then once Sansa gave Tyrion a son Tywin would have most likely arranged for the boy to have his surname be Stark instead of Lannister.  Which would not only give the boy a surname the North could acknowledge as ruler of Winterfell, but also at the the same time give the Lannisters an immense amount of power and influence in the North being that the boy would actually have a Stark(Sansa) as a mother but a Lannister(Tyrion) as a father.This is what I love about Tywin he's always 10 steps ahead of everyone else.  While everyone else is fighting and bickering about the now as if they can't see the forest for the trees, Tywin is always thinking about the future and how to make sure the Lannister secure their power in that future.  I mean the guy might be a total bastard, but he's also a total political fuckin genius.Lanistark
973	Archangel84	2013-05-03	Did you guys notice Grey Wind in the background during Rickard Karstark's beheading?  I really hope they show him a few more times before the RW.
974	madprofessah	2013-05-03	Have you read the books?  Tywin marrying off Sansa to Tyrion was never really about Tyrion getting the North.  The true purpose of the marriage is for Sansa to give the Lannnisters a son that can claim Winterfell.  I'm assuming that if the plan would have gone as hoped then once Sansa gave Tyrion a son Tywin would have most likely arranged for the boy to have his surname be Stark instead of Lannister.  Which would not only give the boy a surname the North could acknowledge as ruler of Winterfell, but also at the the same time give the Lannisters an immense amount of power and influence in the North being that the boy would actually have a Stark(Sansa) as a mother but a Lannister(Tyrion) as a father.This is what I love about Tywin he's always 10 steps ahead of everyone else.  While everyone else is fighting and bickering about the now as if they can't see the forest for the trees, Tywin is always thinking about the future and how to make sure the Lannister secure their power in that future.  I mean the guy might be a total bastard, but he's also a total political fuckin genius.Yes, I've read the books (although I must confess they do sort of blur together except for the unforgettable impression that A Feast for Crows sucks.) Anyway, I guess I sort of knew that the primary point of a Tyrion-Sansa marriage would be a male heir but since that kid wouldn't be able to articulate his claim to the North for 10-15 years it seems like a very long time to wait for Tywin, who may not even be alive by then. I do agree with you that Tywin does play "the long game" very well. Is Tywin the best player of the Game of Thrones? I'd put my money on The Spider.
975	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	Tywin would be the best player if he knew how to be a parent enough to the children to whom he gives so much power and influence.  His entire legacy is "Brilliant manipulator, terrible father."
976	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-03	Yes, I've read the books (although I must confess they do sort of blur together except for the unforgettable impression that A Feast for Crows sucks.) Anyway, I guess I sort of knew that the primary point of a Tyrion-Sansa marriage would be a male heir but since that kid wouldn't be able to articulate his claim to the North for 10-15 years it seems like a very long time to wait for Tywin, who may not even be alive by then. I do agree with you that Tywin does play "the long game" very well.Is Tywin the best player of the Game of Thrones? I'd put my money on The Spider.Not neccesarily, the North would only need to see proof of the child's existence whether the boy is 3 years old or 15 years old the fact remains he would still have the same claim to Winterfell, his claim doesn't change with age.  Also it should be noted that Tywin acknowledges the fact that the Lannisters wouldn't make their move for the North until after the upcoming winter season is over and who knows how long that will last?  At the point where Tywin arranges for Tyrion to marry Sansa winter hadn't even started yet.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 May 2013 - 07:44 PM.
977	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	Not neccesarily, the North would only need to see proof of the child's existence whether the boy is 3 years old or 15 years old the fact remains he would still have the same claim to Winterfell, his claim doesn't change with age.  Also it should be noted that Tywin acknowledges the fact that the Lannister wouldn't make their move for the North until after the upcoming winter season is over and who know's how long that will last?  At the point where Tywin arranges for Tyrion to marry Sansa winter hadn't even started yet.Take, for example, the theories of Robb getting Jeyne pregnant as precedence. It would just be a baby but it would be the heir and change everything. So Jon Icefyre is right, the heir need only exist to be the heir. Hence Tywin presenting the dead Targeryan babes to Robert.
978	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-03	Take, for example, the theories of Robb getting Jeyne pregnant as precedence. It would just be a baby but it would be the heir and change everything. So Jon Icefyre is right, the heir need only exist to be the heir. Hence Tywin presenting the dead Targeryan babes to Robert. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Exactly well said.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 May 2013 - 07:47 PM.
979	nara	2013-05-03	Excellent episode!Loved:NCW all the way!  The look on his face when Roose teased him about Cersei's status was awesome and the way he collapsed once he knew she was safe--terrific!  I just wish his hair hadn't covered his face so we could see his expression better.  Glad they kept one of my favorite Jaime lines: "I'll scream...I'll scream loudly"--it's so typical of Jaime's courage.  Even with all his faults, he's definitely brave.Arya and "I'll be your family" (lump in my throat) and the moment she tried to attack the houndThe scene with Tywin, Cersei, and Tyrion--particularly the way the look on Cersei's face changed from a smirk to horror when she realized that she was to be married off too.  Poor Cersei!  Willas Tyrell was bad enough, but Loras?!  Also, I'm not sure how marrying a known gay man would quell the rumors about her affair with Jaime...Seeing Jon Snow smile for the first time since he went to the wall!Grey Worm.  Not what I imagined, but he's better.Jorah and Barristan's chat -- wanting to work for someone in whom he believesMurder of the Lannister boys -- not that I liked it, but it was very well done.Under the sea-- creepy version by Shireen -- this is the way an end credit song should be!Not so thrilled about:The lack of people who like Robb as their leader (Greatjon, the Mormont ladies, etc.)Talisa advising Robb.  I get that they want to give her a bigger part than Jeyne, but I always liked that Jeyne seemed like nothing special, but showed her courage in the meeting with Jaime.  Anyway, I've come to terms with this, but would have preferred Catelyn warning him about the impact of his actions against Karstark. She would have a better knowledge of alliances, etc. than Talisa.Robb's apparent lack of concern that he betrayed Lord Frey and now needs him again...but we may see more of that next week.  He's Ned's son, he should feel guiltier about breaking his agreement.Lack of Patchface.  I liked his prophetic songs and his touching devotion to Shireen.  I'm guessing this means that Jinglebell and Moonboy will be no-shows too.  It's a pity, because I think it's important to see how Westeros society treated people with mental development problems and such.  Also, without Moonboy, we're missing a key element of Jaime's chant...Loras jumping in bed with that guy.  I don't expect him never to have sex again, but he doesn't appear to have mourned Renly at all.  Perhaps they are changing the character so that Renly was a stepping stone to power for his family, not love.  wouldn't object to that change, as it gives Loras more to do, but this felt cheap.Sansa seeming to enjoy Littlefinger's attentions.  It's not unusual for a young girl to enjoy seeing the power she's beginning to have over men, but ewwww!Other thoughts:When Tywin is telling Cersei that she must remarry to stop the rumors about her, I thought it was interesting that he didn't say, "about you AND JAIME".  As usual, the favorite child is given a pass!When Robb was considering executing Karstark vs. keeping him hostage, I suddenly got a flashback to Joffrey's announcement about why he couldn't just send Ned to the Night's Watch and executed him.  Never picked up on the parallel while reading the books.
980	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-03	When Tywin is telling Cersei that she must remarry to stop the rumors about her, I thought it was interesting that he didn't say, "about you AND JAIME".  As usual, the favorite child is given a pass!Well to be fair Tywin hasn't seen Jamie in awhile.  Throughout the series there's been at least one scene where Tywin rips into each of his kids individually. There was that one scene in season 1 where Tywin rips into Jamie pretty hard before giving him some final words of encouragement. This is the first season where Tywin really has had a chance to talk to Cersei about things face to face where as he's been rippin on Tyrion since season 1, so Cersei is getting her just desserts right now.  With all that being said, I admit it's still pretty clear that tv Tywin probably favors Jamie just as much as book Tywin does.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 May 2013 - 11:46 PM.
981	lovethyjaime	2013-05-04	Did anyone else get a boner from Roose Bolton's mind game with Jaime?
982	siknes	2013-05-04	Okay...Selyse's jar collection...WTF?!?!?!Okay...Selyse's jar collection...WTF?!?!?!The writer said he put it in for shock value, they try and one up each other.
983	Arrogant Bastard	2013-05-04	Did anyone else get a boner from Roose Bolton's mind game with Jaime?I enjoyed it. Very much in character for Roose, who is definitely cruel in the way he strings people along
984	Joey Beers	2013-05-04	Excellent episode!Loved:NCW all the way!  The look on his face when Roose teased him about Cersei's status was awesome and the way he collapsed once he knew she was safe--terrific!  I just wish his hair hadn't covered his face so we could see his expression better.  Glad they kept one of my favorite Jaime lines: "I'll scream...I'll scream loudly"--it's so typical of Jaime's courage.  Even with all his faults, he's definitely brave.Arya and "I'll be your family" (lump in my throat) and the moment she tried to attack the houndThe scene with Tywin, Cersei, and Tyrion--particularly the way the look on Cersei's face changed from a smirk to horror when she realized that she was to be married off too.  Poor Cersei!  Willas Tyrell was bad enough, but Loras?!  Also, I'm not sure how marrying a known gay man would quell the rumors about her affair with Jaime...Seeing Jon Snow smile for the first time since he went to the wall!Grey Worm.  Not what I imagined, but he's better.Jorah and Barristan's chat -- wanting to work for someone in whom he believesMurder of the Lannister boys -- not that I liked it, but it was very well done.Under the sea-- creepy version by Shireen -- this is the way an end credit song should be!Not so thrilled about:The lack of people who like Robb as their leader (Greatjon, the Mormont ladies, etc.)Talisa advising Robb.  I get that they want to give her a bigger part than Jeyne, but I always liked that Jeyne seemed like nothing special, but showed her courage in the meeting with Jaime.  Anyway, I've come to terms with this, but would have preferred Catelyn warning him about the impact of his actions against Karstark. She would have a better knowledge of alliances, etc. than Talisa.Robb's apparent lack of concern that he betrayed Lord Frey and now needs him again...but we may see more of that next week.  He's Ned's son, he should feel guiltier about breaking his agreement.Lack of Patchface.  I liked his prophetic songs and his touching devotion to Shireen.  I'm guessing this means that Jinglebell and Moonboy will be no-shows too.  It's a pity, because I think it's important to see how Westeros society treated people with mental development problems and such.  Also, without Moonboy, we're missing a key element of Jaime's chant...Loras jumping in bed with that guy.  I don't expect him never to have sex again, but he doesn't appear to have mourned Renly at all.  Perhaps they are changing the character so that Renly was a stepping stone to power for his family, not love.  wouldn't object to that change, as it gives Loras more to do, but this felt cheap.Sansa seeming to enjoy Littlefinger's attentions.  It's not unusual for a young girl to enjoy seeing the power she's beginning to have over men, but ewwww!Other thoughts:When Tywin is telling Cersei that she must remarry to stop the rumors about her, I thought it was interesting that he didn't say, "about you AND JAIME".  As usual, the favorite child is given a pass!When Robb was considering executing Karstark vs. keeping him hostage, I suddenly got a flashback to Joffrey's announcement about why he couldn't just send Ned to the Night's Watch and executed him.  Never picked up on the parallel while reading the books.Number 4 about Patchface is interesting. It seems on these forums that people think Patchface is more than we know so far. He does have a certain prophetic aura about him. So, do the show runners know things that the readers don't? Have they asked GRRM who plays an important role later on in the story, or are they going rogue? The show obviously deviates from the books quite a bit, but there is no way they could leave out major plot points. Patchface must not be anything more than an obtuse riddle without answer. Unless the show is on the super inside with regard to the plan, or they think they can write around it..
985	the hound of sansa	2013-05-04	i don't know if it is already discussed but was anyone bothered by the fact that both Varys and the Tyrells know that LF is planning to take Sansa with him? i mean, when he actually takes her, her whereabouts won't be a mystery.
					
					
							Edited by the hound of sansa, 04 May 2013 - 06:33 AM.
986	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-04	i don't know if it already discussed but was anyone bothered by the fact that both Varys and the Tyrells know that LF is planning to take Sansa with him? i mean, when he actually takes her, her whereabouts won't be a mystery.It will because he will be already gone a long time. She disappears from the PW and everyone thinks that LF is already at the Eyrie so they don't put two and two together.
987	lostinasia	2013-05-04	Number 4 about Patchface is interesting. It seems on these forums that people think Patchface is more than we know so far. He does have a certain prophetic aura about him. So, do the show runners know things that the readers don't?In the "Game of Owns" podcast interview, Bryan Cogman (sp?) mentions that they've left themselves an out with Patchface - they could still bring him in later. Much like they apparently decided to do with Shireen, I suppose: remember that Melisandre had the line about Stannis's wife only giving him stillborns and death, which implied there were no living children, but the "death" part could also refer to Shireen's greyscale.And yes, I'm really bothered by Littlefinger in the show: he's just so obviously plotting that in show-world it'd seem like he'd be suspected for playing a part in everything that happens. I've always thought he should look and behave more like an utterly forgettable bureaucrat, rather than the goateed transparently Machiavellian figure he is in the show. He may not actually say "Bwah hah hah! You've fallen into my cunning trap!" in every conversation, but his face pretty much does, and you'd think by this point nobody would trust him with anything ever.
988	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	In the "Game of Owns" podcast interview, Bryan Cogman (sp?) mentions that they've left themselves an out with Patchface - they could still bring him in later. Much like they apparently decided to do with Shireen, I suppose: remember that Melisandre had the line about Stannis's wife only giving him stillborns and death, which implied there were no living children, but the "death" part could also refer to Shireen's greyscale.Actually, Melisandre spoke about Selyse not giving Stannis sons, not children in general. Which is why they were able to have Shireen this season: Stannis has no sons, but he does have a daughter!
989	Khal Porno	2013-05-04	i don't know if it is already discussed but was anyone bothered by the fact that both Varys and the Tyrells know that LF is planning to take Sansa with him? i mean, when he actually takes her, her whereabouts won't be a mystery.OK, here are my thoughts on this.   Littlefinger will leave without taking Sansa, since clearly he will be leaving for the Vale before Joffrey's marriage.  At this point, Varys and whoever could believe that Littlefinger either did NOT intend to take Sansa, or just didn't care to.The actor playing Dontos said he was going to return, and someone said D&D also stated he would return.  After Littlefinger leaves, Dontos approaches Sansa and it plays out like it did in the books.Remember shortly after Sansa disappears, Varys does as well.  Most likely even if he does suspect/know Littlefinger has her, he would have no reason to tell anyone who was looking for her.  And I doubt he would anyway.EDIT: I thought it was implied Olenna and Littlefinger planned Joffrey's death and Sansa's escape together.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 04 May 2013 - 05:45 PM.
990	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-04	OK, here are my thoughts on this.   Littlefinger will leave without taking Sansa, since clearly he will be leaving for the Vale before Joffrey's marriage.  At this point, Varys and whoever could believe that Littlefinger either did NOT intend to take Sansa, or just didn't care to.The actor playing Dontos said he was going to return, and someone said D&D also stated he would return.  After Littlefinger leaves, Dontos approaches Sansa and it plays out like it did in the books.Remember shortly after Sansa disappears, Varys does as well.  Most likely even if he does suspect/know Littlefinger has her, he would have no reason to tell anyone who was looking for her.  And I doubt he would anyway.EDIT: I thought it was implied Olenna and Littlefinger planned Joffrey's death and Sansa's escape together.Ya honestly they will probably just assume Tywin Lannister spoiled Littlefinger's plans for Sansa by marrying her to Tyrion.  Afterall they obviously don't know about how Littlefinger plans to conceal Sansa's identity when she gets to the Vale.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 04 May 2013 - 05:48 PM.
991	nara	2013-05-04	In the "Game of Owns" podcast interview, Bryan Cogman (sp?) mentions that they've left themselves an out with Patchface - they could still bring him in later. Much like they apparently decided to do with Shireen, I suppose: remember that Melisandre had the line about Stannis's wife only giving him stillborns and death, which implied there were no living children, but the "death" part could also refer to Shireen's greyscale.And yes, I'm really bothered by Littlefinger in the show: he's just so obviously plotting that in show-world it'd seem like he'd be suspected for playing a part in everything that happens. I've always thought he should look and behave more like an utterly forgettable bureaucrat, rather than the goateed transparently Machiavellian figure he is in the show. He may not actually say "Bwah hah hah! You've fallen into my cunning trap!" in every conversation, but his face pretty much does, and you'd think by this point nobody would trust him with anything ever.Cool about Patchface!  I guess they've already demonstrated that--bringing the Reeds into the story a little later, bringing Ramsay in during S3 and not S2.  It probably helps them focus casting efforts, pay less for actors, etc.Agree with you about LF.  I like the actor, but he should be someone that the king/hands find useful for generating money, but otherwise don't take as a threat.  He keeps his head down and plots quietly...
992	Rabel Dusk	2013-05-05	The duel between Beric Dondarrion and the Hound was fun to watch, but I had one big problem with it.  Both were wearing shields and hardly used them.  If you've got a shield, you use it to block your opponent's sword, freeing your own sword to be a completely offensive weapon.  In this duel, most of the time they were using their swords to parry.  I'm sure the choreographers knew that this was unrealistic, but decided to give the audience what it wanted and expected, lots of edge on edge blade clashing.
In my opinion, the best swordfight in GoT so far has been the one between Jaime and Ned Stark in Season 1
993	rmholt	2013-05-05	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Yes, I've read the books (although I must confess they do sort of blur together except for the unforgettable impression that A Feast for Crows sucks.) Anyway, I guess I sort of knew that the primary point of a Tyrion-Sansa marriage would be a male heir but since that kid wouldn't be able to articulate his claim to the North for 10-15 years it seems like a very long time to wait for Tywin, who may not even be alive by then. I do agree with you that Tywin does play "the long game" very well.  It's a piece in place just in case. He has no way of knowing that Stark heirs are all over the place, not to mention northerners with ambitionTywin's motivation is petty enough to partly offset his skill
994	Count Balerion	2013-05-07	Is it just me, or is Littlefinger also a lot less witty in the show than in the books?
I'm still not sure where they're going with Stannis; but so far I still prefer book-Stannis.
995	Not-a-Weirwood-Tree	2013-05-08	Is it just me, or is Littlefinger also a lot less witty in the show than in the books?I feel like all of the mainish characters are less witty in the show.
996	BlueDragon	2013-05-24	Gendry will be Melisandres other way of getting kings blood. She will sacrifice him, as she did edric storm in the books. Hate to ruin your love story.Davos has saved Gendry just as expectedWhat makes you think they want to keep Robb on screen?? Did they give him that much material this season?? not really. Actually I am fairly sure they I are excited to do the RW in all its glory.Robb is the hunk of choice for many.  They are dragging his story out as long as possible.  Even Kit Harrington has a man crush on Rob.in response to my predictions aboveI can totally see all that happening. Bravo.thank youAnd Maisie has admitted that her costar is the hottest guy on the scene for her.  Poor Maisie, she got trapped into doing that here:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=oz8q6ftDrFsSlow down everyone.  She is 16 now and he is 25 in real life, so her real crush is totally normal and in a couple of years, they would be just fine on or off screen. Also, her director told her to say her line to Gendry as if she loves him and they used that cut (I lost the link).To repeat: Arya in the show is too young emotionally to have a crush on Gendry, but after being separated for a while he is with Mel and Stannis and Davos, and possibly on the wall, Gendry will have agency, now knows he is a king's son and I can see Jon sending him to Bravos to find Arya after he tells Jon that she is alive  he knows her and can guess where she might be.  Jaquen gave her the coin when she was with Gendry.  No matter.  I can see Arya meeting up with Dany and Gendry also in Essos as everyone searches for everyone.  Gendry is destined to be a great warrior like his father although I don't think he is going to lead an army.  His inherited talents will just come out.  Stannis might recognize that it is better to use him as a warrior then as a blood sacrifice.  Also, seeing Mel naked with him is bound to send up some jealousy which would be reason enough to send Gendry off somewhere.  There are a lot of possibilities, but I can see Arya riding one of those Dragons easily.  Why let the boys and Dany have all the fun?
997	Ran	2013-04-28	You know the drill!
998	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-28	Amazing episode happy panda.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Flashheart, 28 April 2013 - 09:15 PM.
999	billy g.	2013-04-28	Loved it!
1000	FirelordSylar22	2013-04-28	Amazing episode. The best acting on television.
1001	Arrow	2013-04-28	Excellent episode. Poor Arya misses her dad so much. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Addendum:
This episode was a lot about fire, and a lot about children and how war and the behavior of adults affects their lives. It appears that Stannis's poor daughter is neglected, and she is so sweet! And those poor Lannister boys - that was harsh. Arya is really still a child, as much of a BAMF as she is developing to be. She still has a child's deep grief for the loss of her father.
Those stillborn babies in the jars were so creepy I couldn't stand to look at them. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
The Jaime/Breanne scene was touching; Jaime's journey has been a very hard one - he has carried a heavy burden of guilt and secrecy since the events of years before, and covered it up with bravado and bad behavior - he has finally found someone he can unburden himself to, a friend he can trust.  As one reviewer put it, when he was overcome by everything and she grabbed him, it was a Pieta-like moment.
And apparently Tywin is either unaware or in denial about Loras' sexual orientation. Or doesn't care. Hard to figure that guy out sometimes.
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 28 April 2013 - 11:35 PM.
1002	RedChick	2013-04-28	Yes! Great episode again.
Arya was fantastic (as always)
Jamie and his explanation/flashback of how he got the name "Kingslayer" was pretty heartwrenching
Last scene with Twyin/Cersei/Tyrion was also perfect (Charles Dance can seriously be a scary guy)
BTW is it just me or was the fight scene between the Hound and Beric by far the best sword fight scene in the show?
1003	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-29	Awesome episode, probably my favorite.
Arya scenes awesome as usual.
Tyrion is fantastic as ever, possibly more (his FACE when they tell him he's marrying Sansa!)
LOVED Shireen and her little song, I cracked up!
1004	Dove	2013-04-29	Whoops, posted this in the wrong thread, hahaha. Edited.is it just me or was the fight scene between the Hound and Beric by far the best sword fight scene in the show?Definitely agreed.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 03:20 AM.
1005	Arrow	2013-04-29	Awesome episode, probably my favorite.Arya scenes awesome as usual.Tyrion is fantastic as ever, possibly more (his FACE when they tell him he's marrying Sansa!)LOVED Shireen and her little song, I cracked up!Not to mention his face when he was talking to the QoT - "I was told you were drunk, impertinent and thoroughly debauched. You would imagine my disappointment finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper."
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 29 April 2013 - 04:48 AM.
1006	RoamingRonin	2013-04-29	Another great episode. Not matter than the last one but I still loved it. But... um... Anyone else notice the insane amounts of ASS this episode served up?
1007	sastelise	2013-04-29	I loved the episode, but I am confused about the Sansa/Loras, Cercei/Loras marriage arrangements. Wasn't one of the agreements for the Tyrell/Lannister alliance to have Loras be part of the king's gaurd? And they can't have wives, right? Or am I confusing that with the books?
1008	litespeed74	2013-04-29	I have to agree, amazing episode indeed.  The ending was classic.  Brother and sister arguing at the dinner table! hahaha.
Feeling bad for Rob and how his battle has lost momentum.
Very interesting to see where this goes.
1009	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	Let's hear it for John Stahl(Rickard Karstark) and Liam Cunningham(Davos)!
Roose & Shireen were great as well.
I was worried about Liam Cunningham because he looked like he aged 10 years after season 2 but he's back in form.
1010	starfox	2013-04-29	can someone explain what jamie was saying in the tub, i couldn't quite understand all of what he was saying
1011	litespeed74	2013-04-29	can someone explain what jamie was saying in the tub, i couldn't quite understand all of what he was sayingI had trouble as well but got the jist of it.  Gonna have to re-watch tonight.  I understood him as explaining how he got the name King Slayer and why.  Lots of history on the Mad Kings last moments and requests as well. Pretty amazing scene.
1012	Arrow	2013-04-29	can someone explain what jamie was saying in the tub, i couldn't quite understand all of what he was sayingHe said that the Mad King liked to burn people alive. He then said that when the armies of House Baratheon and House Lannister were descending on Kings Landing, the Mad King Aerys Targaryen had stashed pots of Wildfire around Kings Landing and wanted to burn the whole place to the ground, all the men, women, and children who lived in the city burned alive, so that Robert Baratheon would have nothing when he took Kings Landing. When Tywin Lannister arrived at Kings Landing, Jaime advised the Mad King to lock him out, but Maester Pycelle told the Mad King that Tywin Lannister had always been a friend to the Crown. The Mad King let the Lannister army in and they proceeded to sack the city.Jaime said the Mad King ordered Jaime to kill his own father and bring him, the Mad King, Tywin's head. Jaime refused and killed the Mad King so he couldn't burn anyone else alive, and so he wouldn't have to kill his own father.Brienne asks why he never told anyone this, and he said that when Eddard Stark came to the throne room and saw what Jaime had done, he immediately judged him and would not have wanted to hear his side of the story. He then asked what right does the wolf have to judge the lion - and starts to pass out. Brienne catches him and calls for help "for the Kingslayer". That's when he tells her his name is Jaime.
1013	starfox	2013-04-29	thanks you
1014	TigerA	2013-04-29	I thought they did a great job casting the girl to play the part of Shireen. Sweat, innocent little girl almost exactly how I pictured her from the books.
NKW's turn explaining the reason behind the deed that marked him as "The Kingslayer" was very good. I thought he hit it out of the park with his opening up to Brienne.
Funny how Tywin can get along w/Arya so well at Harenhall and enjoys her company 
as opposed to how he and his actual kids can't seem to get along at all.
This episode didn't have the huge wow moment that the end of the last provided, but very good nonetheless.
1015	trearu	2013-04-30	Finally a true Stannis-Moment. Like Robb before the scolding of Edmure, it took me a while to warm up to this character. Now it seems to me like I can finally see into this character ... He feels like he has done something wrong, but can not admit it (after all ... he is a king /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) and the red woman just "preaches" assurance. So he seeks out someone he knows he has done some wrong, hopes almost to get a rant, only to be once again "preached" reassurance, and reminded of his lost sons (no wonder he stays away from his wife)Hearing the name Edrik made me quiet happy. I hoped they removed that useless character.And then Shireen... oh Shireen. His daughter lets him feel even guiltier without saying anything against him - even mentioning Davos, what reminds him of the decision he has to stand by. (at least that is the way I see it)That girl was just incredible.I always found it hard to imagine this character through the books. (like all child-characters) It was so great to finally "see" her.I love the way they presented her relationship with Stannis and Davos. (and his learning to read) One of the many ways the show has improved the story from the books... That might become even greater then the Tywin - Aria improvement.The only thing that was missing was a little doll named Patchface, she always carries around with her. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Aria was great as always, not "It's really good!" (Farewell from Hot-Pie) great, but still impressive.I was also impressed how they presented the Hounds fear of fire in the battle.I wish they would also make something out of the Mountain. Ever since they changed the actor he seamed somehow invisible to me.Igniting a blade with blood was a nice tough.As I imagined the J & I bath scene was nothing compared to J & B's.I had always problems to imagine Jamie as not arrogant, what ruined the scene in the book for me. After this scene, this part of the book seems like faded from my memory and replaced.It was nice to see Ned for a change in another light and the "Call me Jaime" at the end broke the heart, I did not know I had before "It's really good!""Kissed by Fire" may sounds nice, but it seem like such an unfitting title for this episode, when it is actually the first episode that managed to focus pretty much every scene on one Theme: "oaths, loyalty and honour" Only the end seemed to drift off a little.The uncovering of the marriage plot went far to fast. They should have cut it up and sprinkled it all over the episode.The last scene was OK. No burning slavers or cut of hands. Just a little drama is enough... with some nice details like "Father don't make me do it again." and "put an end to this disgusting rumours about you."I always wanted to know a little more about Tywins thoughts about that. Does he just not care? Does he suppress it? Or is he so deadlocked in his opinions (as his assessment of Tyrions 'handwork' suggest), that he actually does not know?
					
					
							Edited by trearu, 30 April 2013 - 02:35 PM.
1016	theJoker501	2013-05-01	What was wrong with Stannis's daughter(her face)? I feel like it said something in the book, but I must not have found it relevant if it did.Hearing the name Edrik made me quiet happy. Just curious what do you mean by Edrik? I remember Edrick Storm at Storm's End.
1017	Darkstar For King	2013-05-01	What was wrong with Stannis's daughter(her face)? I feel like it said something in the book, but I must not have found it relevant if it did.Just curious what do you mean by Edrik? I remember Edrick Storm at Storm's End.She had Greyscale as a child. Never mentioned in the show so I wonder what non-readers thought of it. Not sure if I should spoiler the last one but might as well 
	Spoiler He just found it funny since they cut the character out completely but still managed to chuck in a little inside joke for us book readers. Funnily enough this could also be true for Edric Dayne, who is yet to be seen in the series. 

					
					
							Edited by Darkstar For King, 01 May 2013 - 02:50 AM.
1018	Arrow	2013-05-01	She had Greyscale as a child. Never mentioned in the show so I wonder what non-readers thought of it.I had no idea what was wrong with her face, and it was fairly disturbing to see, so I had to look her up in the Ice and Fire Wiki.
1019	theJoker501	2013-05-01	She had Greyscale as a child. Never mentioned in the show so I wonder what non-readers thought of it.Not sure if I should spoiler the last one but might as well 
	Spoiler He just found it funny since they cut the character out completely but still managed to chuck in a little inside joke for us book readers. Funnily enough this could also be true for Edric Dayne, who is yet to be seen in the series. 
 Gotcha thanks.
1020	ma_liky	2013-05-09	I know I am a little late to comment on this episode, but in my defense it was Easter Week  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> .
So this episode was one of the better ones for me, cause of character development for every one.
To start of from the beginning.
The Hound and Beric Dondarrion - The fight was great, firey sword awesome, I thought the Hound would die, but yet again I was surprised (this is why I love it), And just like that Beric was dead. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> And by the simple words of a priest he is alive. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  They turned me in to believer. So the Lord of the Light is not to be messed around with. I tought that was just aahh, like all religions but The Night is Dark and Ful of Terrores. He has been risen six times,  The Lord must really love him. And by this time I knew this is going to be great ep.
Arya - I am really sorry for her. She is full of anger and pain, and she is just a girl. So sad. I feel for her and I feel with her. I understand everything she is going trought, it is not easy. She needs someone to be dead, anybody she hates. She was very hurt when Gendry said that he is staying and letting her go. "I will be your family" "You will be M'Lady." It put tears in my eyes. If the circumstances were diferent she would need a hug from her mother but from this point she needs to  learn to how to manage her anger and aim streight. As much as I hate what she is going throught I like it cause for me she is the stronges Stark of all. And I am very interested in her story and how it will go from now. I think Brothers can teach her a lot.
Stannis - This episode were full of storytelling and I love it.I knew he had a wife and a daughter but I didnt expect this. This ep surprised me in so many ways. Maybe for those who read the books this was the chill ep, but for me it was enlightenment, I found out so many things that had been puzzeling me. So Stannis is feeling guilt couse he is soft when it comes to redheads, he is trying to apologize and his wife is giving him  blesings, and keeping their sons in jars. That was disturbing but then again life can make you crazy. I can see why is the way he is, without a smile. His story is moving, he too is in grief, and that is why his face is in constant pain. That is what had bothered me about him from the start and now I know. His little girl is so sweet. She is a true child full of life and love. I see him as the king of the North now.
Jon Snow - Every ep with him brings smile to my face /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />. And this one gave me /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />. Ok now to the story. I truly believe that he is loyal to the Crows, because if he is not I would be so disappointed... He is the only one innocent, loyal, brave,  ... Oh, I can go on and on and on. He is for me from the start the best character. He got all the good ones. No sins at all. I can not finde a bad bone in him. How will he be crushed is yet to be seen, but crushing him will be a hard job to do. We have seen him not obeying the vows, but then who can blame him. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />  sorry. He has to be the one who will do good always.
Rob - Ok, he is one of my favourite characters, but now he is just doing stupid mistakes one after another. Karstark killed some Lannister boys. So! They were kids, but then killing kids in a war is ok. They were Lannisters. I understand the Karstark wanted to kill them, maybe it is not moral or a good chioce but understandable it is. What is not understandable is Rob killing Karstark. The Lannisters killed your father, they are keeping your sisters,you are in war with them. Hey!!!! And you cut of his head. You should give him a medal. losing half of his army. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Rob need same good spanking. Pride is a sin no matter who you are. I do not like proud people they are very vain. And what does he do next more stupid, stupid, stupid thing he call a guythat he stabbed in the back and think he will come runing to him with a smile, you think wrong., dude. You just lost the war, and he was winning. Stupid!
Littlefinger - This guy gives me the creeps. The game he is playing is devious, but he knows how to play. giving Sansa one more chance to come with him. And Sansa, oh teenage girls in love are blind as bats. The best thing for Sansa knowing the end of this ep was to go with him and save her self, but like I said blind as a bet. But Littlefinger knows his game and goes down with a bang.
Dany -  Involving Dany in to a story even douhshe isnt paticipating is so magnificently written. The two men are fighting over who is going to be her first man, so viciously atacking eachother, and yet showing her respect on a high level. If she isnt the Queen I dont know who is. And in a scene where she is participating she is so strong, brave, honest and caring that is breathtaking. I love scenes with her.
Jamie - It takes more than "My name is Jamie." to lift my confidance in him. I dont trust him a beat. Myabe he was honest and truthfull in his confession, but I do not believe he is changed at all. Every time he has a chance he will say his father name and he thinks he will get a pass, cause his dad will pay any money for him. So arogant and selfish. He is all adore me, love me. Boo hoo! Grab up a sword and fight! 
The Lannisters - This finale blow me of like the last one, and this is why I dont know wich one is better. Papa Lannister is the Man. He is the Dude not to be messed around with. I take my hat down. I knew that Tyron is going to marry Sansa but to be put to him like that I was blown away. There is not arguaging with Papa, his eyes will burn you. Cerasi couldnt get the smile of her face while her father were saying "I will not let the Tyrells take the key to the north right in front of our noses." "Sansa is the key to the north?"Oh, Cerasi what a fool you are. Bang! "You will marry Loras!" "No, I wont!" "Oh yes you will!". And there it is the smile is gone. Papa knows something that no one knows, and has a great wining strategy. He thinks he is the Winner. His crush has to be big and painful. 
In aditional this is how I see the positions now. the North is falling apart. Robb is lost, Stannis is broken, and the Riders men fleeing towords the wall and The Watch are small, and with the Army of whitwalkers and zombies they have to find a new Leader to take comande of fallen North. An I only see Stannis to be the one to take over the North. And tel Lannisters are trying to take controle over The Seven Kingdoms, and are on the right track. And Dany taking the South bit by bit.
Cheers
					
					
							Edited by ma_liky, 09 May 2013 - 06:21 PM.
1021	theJoker501	2013-05-09	Hey what did Gendry mean when he said "I wouldn't be your family, but you would be my lady", he said something like that, did he mean that he would always be lesser or what?
1022	ebevan91	2013-05-09	Hey what did Gendry mean when he said "I wouldn't be your family, but you would be my lady", he said something like that, did he mean that he would always be lesser or what?That's what I got out of it. But really Gendry is a highborn bastard himself, he just doesn't know it.
1023	Deleted	2013-05-12	I loved the episode, but I am confused about the Sansa/Loras, Cercei/Loras marriage arrangements. Wasn't one of the agreements for the Tyrell/Lannister alliance to have Loras be part of the king's gaurd? And they can't have wives, right? Or am I confusing that with the books?What was wrong with Stannis's daughter(her face)? I feel like it said something in the book, but I must not have found it relevant if it did.Just curious what do you mean by Edrik? I remember Edrick Storm at Storm's End.She had Greyscale as a child. Never mentioned in the show so I wonder what non-readers thought of it.Not sure if I should spoiler the last one but might as well 
	Spoiler He just found it funny since they cut the character out completely but still managed to chuck in a little inside joke for us book readers. Funnily enough this could also be true for Edric Dayne, who is yet to be seen in the series. 
And yet another NO SPOILER thread that mentions someting from the books.
1024	Mr Smith	2013-04-29	When these characters weren't introduced in Season 2, I'd pretty much given up on them being introduced at all, particularly in Selyse's case, given that they really could have got away with just mentioning her, and her role really isn't that major. Shireen may yet be a little more important, given the mystery surrounding greyscale and the theory that there will be an outbreak in Westeros in the coming books. Also worth noting is that they seem to have merged her character with Patchface's, judging by the song she was singing. We don't know where his character is going in the books either, and Martin may have told them something that we don't know, so its probably not to surprising they've got some element of him in the show, even if they didn't use his character entirely.
Thoughts?
1025	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	I loved seeing Shireen - her interaction with Stannis almost bringing a humanity to him.  Her time with Davos - while a little weird in how she was let into the dungeons to see a traitor placed there by the king - smooths over how he would get taught to read and creates a definite connection with the two.
Selyse - hmm.  I thought she played crazy well, their interaction about his infidelity was interesting - it obviously bothers him greatly, but she is so fanatical about R'Hllor she doesn't care.  Honestly though the Area 51 Aliens-in-a-Bottle really was a detractor, especially considering one of the bodies in there looked like a 3 year old, not a stillborn newborn.
1026	Cozur	2013-04-29	Felt like Selyses house of horrors was just pandering to the viewer, not really all that great, story-wise.
Did like the way Stannis was portrayed though, but he needs to get a bit harder now! He doesn't bend!
					
					
							Edited by Cozur, 29 April 2013 - 07:43 AM.
1027	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	I thought they both were great, Stannis was amazingly awkward around his family, Loved that. Didn't like the Fetus display though.
1028	Iotun	2013-04-29	Selyse was okay, seemed faithful to the books but were character doesnt do much anyway. Loved Shireen, really charming and well played. Pretty much telegraphs how the rest of the stannis season will play out as well. 
I think what I would like to see happen in stannis storyline is for Mel to find Gendry, but the brotherhood not give him up and she accepting that, especially after seeing the magic in dondarrion done without kings blood. She returns empty handed and davos tells them what to do next after he reads the letter from the wall. It would break expectations by showing a more sympathetic side to Mel and I dont see how show Stannis would forgive Davos acting behind his back to make Gendry escape. It also leaves gendry in the same place as he is in the books in case he plays a later role.
1029	Er Rn	2013-04-29	I agree, I liked everything about their scenes except the weird babies in jars.
I don't really mind Shireen being kind of merged with Patchface. At least we get his creepy prophesies.
1030	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-29	I really liked it. I absolutely hated the Stannis/Mel scene a few episodes ago but this was really good. Its funny to see how at the Blackwater he is the relentless badass charging the walls with complete abandon but when he tries to talk to his wife and daughter he is really awkward and lost for words. 
The jars were a little creepy but the greyscale looked great.
1031	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I dont see how show Stannis would forgive Davos acting behind his back to make Gendry escape.The same way he did originally?
1032	Batman	2013-04-29	Shireen was so sweet it warmed my cold, cold heart. Seeing her run up to give her dad a hug was touching, almost as much as the Gendry and Arya scene.
Selyse seems crazier and more morbid than in the books. She seemed more bitchy and cold and less like someone who would bottle her dead children. She also seemed cold toward Shireen.
1033	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I didn't like the babies in the jars at all. The actress (not sure who she is) playing Selyse had already done an exceptional job of establishing that Selyse is a zealot without the need for the babies in a jar weirdness that firmly reminds me of the Governor on TWD.  
I also didn't like that it implied that Shireen was locked up b/c that was the impression it gave and I don't think that is a good impression to leave about Stannis as I think most people watching who haven't read the books probably don't like him at all. There has got to be some good turn around on that story.
I like that they will use Shireen to teach Davos to read and the little girl playing Shireen is adorable.
1034	StarkDragon	2013-04-29	I would have preferred the Pickles more if they were named Tommy and Dill...
Shireen was cute though.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 29 April 2013 - 07:57 AM.
1035	zaphodbrx	2013-04-29	The new Shireen appears to be a composite of three characters - Shireen, Patchface and maester Pylos.
1036	Versiroth	2013-04-29	Selyse mentions that she couldn't give Stannis a son, so she was greatful to Mel.   I thought the dead son's in bottles played nicely into that.   It gave the audience an idea of how many times she'd tried and also made her seem half crazy at the same time.   Honestly, the only thing that would have driven it home more is if she had stroked one of the Jars as she was telling Stanis that she couldn't give him a son.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 29 April 2013 - 08:07 AM.
1037	Mr Smith	2013-04-29	I loved seeing Shireen - her interaction with Stannis almost bringing a humanity to him.  Her time with Davos - while a little weird in how she was let into the dungeons to see a traitor placed there by the king - smooths over how he would get taught to read and creates a definite connection with the two. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  and very well put. I think it was really important to see Stannis in this familial context, particularly after the mess they made of his scene with Mel in episode 3.
1038	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	Shireen was a great introduction: the set up with Stannis asking permission to see her, his pausing at the door, her running to him, then the greyscale reveal. Wonderfully done. The lass playing her is doing a charming job and the scene with her and Davos was sweet. Great to see the reactions in Stannis's face too. It showed he really did love her in his own plank way.
Selyse was suitably creepy. I had her marked as more 'batty' in the books, but creepy works - although I am in too minds about the biology experiment, that may be a bit too macabre. The actress playing her struck as really looking similar to Lysa Arryn so that may confuse some watchers.
1039	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	^ One is in an island on Dragonstone, the other is in a castle on the Eyrie... One has an 11-year boy at her breast, the other speaks of how she can't get any sons. Am I really overestimating watchers that much to think they could figure this out?I also didn't like that it implied that Shireen was locked up b/c that was the impression it gave and I don't think that is a good impression to leave about Stannis as I think most people watching who haven't read the books probably don't like him at all. There has got to be some good turn around on that story.I was worried about that too but since later it's shown Shireen could just run around freely and even visit Davos I don't think we should be too worried... she would've had a hard time learning him how to read from her tower.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 08:09 AM.
1040	podrick_payne45	2013-04-29	I thought it was very well done.
1041	TheEvilKing	2013-04-29	Re: the stillborn kids, I made a thread about this but it doesn't seem to have been approved because [NO REASON PROVIDED].I think they're going to be used instead of the leeches that Mel burns. There's three of them, plus King's Blood and all that. It's clear that Mel is going to bring back Gendry and Davos is going to talk Stan out of burning him. The fetuses will be his replacement.
1042	Lord Varys	2013-04-29	I really like both of them. Selyse is more or less exactly what she is in the books, despite the fact that she is a much more outgoing person, managing Stannis' affairs after he came home crushed from the Blackwater. As to the three gruesome stillborns:
It has been mentioned that this is going to lead somewhere. They won't burn any leeches with Gendry's blood, instead Stannis is going to sacrifice his three dead sons. A sort of 'sacrifice light' so to speak, and thus Mel's whole charade will look much more convincing that the leeches thing, which essentially was not a sacrifice. I cannot believe that we got the stillborns just to make Selyse appear weirder.
As to Selyse's character: Confirming that Selyse is aware of Stannis' affair with Melisandre comes as no surprise to me. In my opinion book Selyse does know and approves of this as well. She is the one who put Melisandre in Stannis' bed (and confidence) in the first place, and book Selyse did never appear stupid to me (as long as her zealotry does not prevent her from using her good senses). In the books, Selyse is also very aware of her status as queen, and it simply makes no sense to believe that she would not realize that Stannis has a affair with Melisandre when he takes her with him into battle and shares his tent with her. Considering that most of the original 'Queen's Men' are Florent men, and thus effectively Selyse's men, it makes no sense to assume that Selyse's men would not report to her what Stannis is doing.
And if Selyse would not approve of this affair things could have gone quite ill for Stannis early on since most of his original men were Florent men, and even more so after the death of Renly...
Shireen is really, really great. Pretty much everything was priceless there, including the song at the end. Patchface still can make an appearance next season.
1043	Blisscraft	2013-04-29	Where was Selyse's mustache?
1044	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	Shireen is adorable /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1045	greensleeves	2013-04-29	Felt like Selyses house of horrors was just pandering to the viewer, not really all that great, story-wise.On further reflection, I like the fetus jars.  Patchface, in my opinion, is a character straight out of the horror genre.  Since we don't get Patchface, we get fetus jars (which in my mind are another clear connection to that genre).  They put that little twist of horror-ific back in Stannis's home life.
1046	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	Ah. Was wondering where this topic was...thought for sure there would be one. Well, in a different thread I said this:
I, for one, am fine with this interpretation of Selyse and Shireen as I found them to be utter throw-aways in the book. This gives them at least a little bit of personality. A nice touch. That scene with Davos and Shireen was one of the few scenes in this series which I would call "precious".
And also...let me reiterate my relief that there is no Patchface. The most annoying character in ASoIaF. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
1047	Daynestar	2013-04-29	Re: the stillborn kids, I made a thread about this but it doesn't seem to have been approved because [NO REASON PROVIDED].I think they're going to be used instead of the leeches that Mel burns. There's three of them, plus King's Blood and all that. It's clear that Mel is going to bring back Gendry and Davos is going to talk Stan out of burning him. The fetuses will be his replacement.Also she called one of them 'Edric'.An interesting nod to book readers if they go that way.
1048	jons nissa	2013-04-29	i loved shireen but i wonder if non book readers know what's wrong with her face. has greyscale been discussed on the show? in any event, she is a lovely girl - one can only wonder how she could be so normal with such crazed and obsessed parents. but with no patchface, she leads a very lonely existence.which brings me to patchface. he was prophetic even though no one noticed. does the fact that shireen was singing his song mean that she will be prophetic as well?selyse was nicer than i imagined - better looking and kinder - until it came to her daughter. wtf? she doesn't seem very affection toward her child. any thoughts on that? i don't remember her being cold toward shireen in the books.eta:Also she called one of them 'Edric'. An interesting nod to book readers if they go that way.especially if they do substitute the fetuses for the leeches thereby "sacrificing" edric for the cause. btw, i'm really squicked out by the idea of sacrificing fetuses.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 29 April 2013 - 08:44 AM.
1049	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	until it came to her daughter. wtf? she doesn't seem very affection toward her child. any thoughts on that? i don't remember her being cold toward shireen in the books.I thought it was more contempt directed at Stannis for being a father in absentia...one who feels ashamed about his afflicted daughter. I didn't get that it was directed toward Shireen at all.
1050	juanml82	2013-04-29	Loved Shireen. A sweet child, and one capable of great loyalty and friendship in a series so filled with treason and backstabbing. Her scene with Davos was great.
Regarding how she got there, the guard was asleep. And she's the crown princess as far as anyone is concerned. She will do as she pleases in Dragonstone unless her parents forbid it.
1051	jons nissa	2013-04-29	I thought it was more contempt directed at Stannis for being a father in absentia...one who feels ashamed about his afflicted daughter. I didn't get that it was directed toward Shireen at all.selyse says (paraphrasing) "you want to see her as well? you don't need distractions." that hardly sounds like contempt for stannis at being absent.
1052	Dethzilla	2013-04-29	I thought there were tunnels and such within the castles that she could travel through.
1053	episodenone	2013-04-29	No one gonna point out that one of the fetus's was named Edric?   No value in that?
1054	jons nissa	2013-04-29	No one gonna point out that one of the fetus's was named Edric? No value in that?actually a few people have:Also she called one of them 'Edric'. An interesting nod to book readers if they go that way.eta: especially if they do substitute the fetuses for the leeches thereby "sacrificing" edric for the cause. btw, i'm really squicked out by the idea of sacrificing fetuses.
1055	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	selyse says (paraphrasing) "you want to see her as well? you don't need distractions." that hardly sounds like contempt for stannis at being absent.Ah, man. Must have missed that last bit. Well, damn. I suppose then it is contempt for her disfigured daughter (equal parts for being a daughter and disfigured)?
1056	BaseBornBastard	2013-04-29	Selyse was creepier than I imagined her in the books.
Shireen seems to have been cast very well....all sweet and innocent. I loved the Patchface song at the end credits. Charming yet haunting at the same time.
1057	Sir Mark of the East	2013-04-29	Shireen was so sweet it warmed my cold, cold heart. Seeing her run up to give her dad a hug was touching, almost as much as the Gendry and Arya scene.Same here, when Shireen run up to Stannis and hugged him then she looked up at him, if my heart could melt at that point in time, it would. I like what they did with the Greyscale as well, I was expecting it to be more blackish but I think this is better.What's up with the fetus?
1058	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-04-29	With the exceptions of the stillborns in jars, I thought they were marvelously portrayed.
The Dragonstone scenes were probably the some of the best scenes we've gotten this season so far.
1059	Sun	2013-04-29	Shireen is adorable but she is blond!! Which sort of puts the nail in Ned's whole "Baratheon: Black of hair" discovery in S1. The man died for being an idiot, according to the show. LOL
I like Selyse. The jar babies was a touch too much, this show can't resist an opportunity to shock, but her character was right on the money in its fanatical faith in both the Lord of Light and Stannis.
I'll have to wait and see how she interacts with other characters before I can render final judgement. I would hate for her to lose the insufferable arrogance we saw so clearly in the books.
1060	StarkBlack21	2013-04-29	I think they are going to expand Gendry's role. They might keep Gendry with Stannis and bring Gendry to the Wall. Gendry might link up with Jon and join the fight at the wall. that would be a great way to keep Gendry involved, since he's clearly a fan favorite.
Also remember we don't have the one-armed Smith at the Night's Watch, so Gendry could fill his role for the watch. Hopefully he won't get killed though, like the guy did.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 29 April 2013 - 09:44 AM.
1061	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	I, for one, am fine with this interpretation of Selyse and Shireen as I found them to be utter throw-aways in the book. This gives them at least a little bit of personality. A nice touch. That scene with Davos and Shireen was one of the few scenes in this series which I would call "precious".And also...let me reiterate my relief that there is no Patchface. The most annoying character in ASoIaF. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />Agreed.  Both Selyse and Shireen are much more interesting characters in those scenes than what we're given in the books, where Selyse is essentially an overzealous, unattractive harpy and Shireen is a lonely, sad little girl with only a grotesque fool for company.  In neither case would those have made for compelling TV characters, so the changes are fantastic and instantly make Dragonstone a more memorable setting. Selyse being completely bonkers was a pleasant surprise for me.  I didn't even mind the fetus jars because they provided that "what the ACTUAL fuck" crazy moment similar to Lysa breastfeeding 6-year old sweetrobin.  It was over the top, but damned effective at displaying the depth of her madness. Sweet little Shireen on the other hand ably filled several important roles - providing Stannis with a touch of humanity that we hadn't seen before, and giving us someone else besides just Davos to root for on Dragonstone.  I also love the idea that she'll be the one to teach Davos to read.  It's a vital part of the story for him (and for the Dragonstone plot as a whole) and it makes sense for his friend to teach him rather than some throwaway Maester character.And while I understand that theories about Patchface and his "prophecies" can be fun to talk about, his presence on the show would've been distracting and a poor fit in context to the other characters.i loved shireen but i wonder if non book readers know what's wrong with her face. has greyscale been discussed on the show?It hasn't yet, but surely will be.  This would fit the pattern the showrunners have had thus far of "show first, tell later." selyse was nicer than i imagined - better looking and kinder - until it came to her daughter. wtf? she doesn't seem very affection toward her child. any thoughts on that? i don't remember her being cold toward shireen in the books.A couple of things here.  First, I think this change was made to plant a seed about greyscale and the stigma it carries.  Second, since Selyse gets a lot of her opinions from Melisandre, I wonder if at least part of her attitude (the "distraction" bit) wasn't planted by Mel to help solidify her hold over Stannis.  In other words, the less time Stannis spends thinking and caring about his daughter, the more likely he is to focus on Mel and what she wants out of him.
1062	Jojosh	2013-04-29	shireen is adorable for what its worth 
Not sure what's up with selyse not nearly bad enough for me to like her portrayal but hey the jar scenes where good and I like the edric reference
1063	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-29	And also...let me reiterate my relief that there is no Patchface. The most annoying character in ASoIaF. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />Pardon me?? Patchface is the key...but in the show Shireen will be the key...updating my prediction...Shireen will sit the Iron Throne when all is done, final shot will be a slow pull back as she sings one of Patchface's prophecies...in the books it'll end with Patchface beside her dancing around doing the singing
1064	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	With the exceptions of the stillborns in jars, I thought they were marvelously portrayed.The Dragonstone scenes were probably the some of the best scenes we've gotten this season so far.I think that in a society where women are essentially valued for being able to bare children, a woman who has failed in this role might not keep the evidence right there in front of her where she can be reminded of it everyday. It definitely seems unhealthy and it makes you wonder why Stannis tolerates it. Still Stannis always had this vibe that he had a cursed existence in the book, so it does sort of capture that.
1065	RoamingRonin	2013-04-29	Stannis, Selyse and Shireen are nothing like I expected. I wonder... were their book versions THAT unlikeable that they had to be remade? Perhaps Queen Selyse is different from her book character because audiences wouldn't be able to separate her from Cersei and Olenna. Shireen is great and as sympathetic and depressing as I hoped.
1066	hombay	2013-04-29	When I heard Shireen singing the song of dear Patchface I had to pause, stop drop 'n roll. I lost my breath at how great a moment it was. Bryan Cogman is God.
1067	Rhoynar	2013-04-29	Shireen is portrayed greatly. Lonely, sad and sweet.
I didn't like Selyse, she was far too crazy. The fetuses bit was grotesque. In the books she is just a bigoted, bitter, arrogant woman.
					
					
							Edited by Rhoynar, 29 April 2013 - 11:09 AM.
1068	Gannicus	2013-04-29	Shireen was wonderful.
1069	cuendillar	2013-04-29	Shireen is adorable but she is blond!! Which sort of puts the nail in Ned's whole "Baratheon: Black of hair" discovery in S1. The man died for being an idiot, according to the show. LOLI didn't even notice that!I wonder if that's intentional, as it couldn't be that hard to dye her hair for a few weeks. It was clearly established that Stannis doesn't care overmuch for his wife, and the she in turn seemingly had no actual objection of him being with Melisandre. Coupled with her uncomfortability of Stannis seeing his daughter, is it possible that Shireen too is a bastard in the show?
1070	Rhoynar	2013-04-29	I didn't even notice that!I wonder if that's intentional, as it couldn't be that hard to dye her hair for a few weeks. It was clearly established that Stannis doesn't care overmuch for his wife, and the she in turn seemingly had no actual objection of him being with Melisandre. Coupled with her uncomfortability of Stannis seeing his daughter, is it possible that Shireen too is a bastard in the show?It wouldn't make much sense.
1071	Sun	2013-04-29	Stannis, Selyse and Shireen are nothing like I expected. I wonder... were their book versions THAT unlikeable that they had to be remade? Perhaps Queen Selyse is different from her book character because audiences wouldn't be able to separate her from Cersei and Olenna. Shireen is great and as sympathetic and depressing as I hoped.I can only speak for my reading of the books, but Selyse is extremely unlikable. She's also a bit of a caricature in the books. We basically know nothing about her of any significance, apart from the fact that she is a religious fanatic to an extreme, and possibly slightly unhinged.At this point in the book Stannis was hateful, for me. I really really disliked him. He improved slightly by book 5, but not by much.Shireen in the books is practically a non-entity, she is defined by her illness and by her companion. She herself is seen but not heard. The show is a vast improvement.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 11:34 AM.
1072	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	Pardon me??You heard me.
1073	you snow muffin poncho	2013-04-29	I think they are going to expand Gendry's role. They might keep Gendry with Stannis and bring Gendry to the Wall. Gendry might link up with Jon and join the fight at the wall. that would be a great way to keep Gendry involved, since he's clearly a fan favorite.Also remember we don't have the one-armed Smith at the Night's Watch, so Gendry could fill his role for the watch. Hopefully he won't get killed though, like the guy did.Ha, this whole idea sounds like fanfiction.yet....i freaking love it!
1074	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-29	Instead of Edric Storm, Shireen is the sacrifice with king's blood that Melisandre will want.  At least, I think this is how it is shaping up. I wonder how Stannis will react?
1075	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Shireen is adorable but she is blond!! Which sort of puts the nail in Ned's whole "Baratheon: Black of hair" discovery in S1. The man died for being an idiot, according to the show. LOLThis. Apart from being blonde, I love Shireen.Selyse on the other hand............ didn't like her at all. Worst than in the books IMO.And also...let me reiterate my relief that there is no Patchface. The most annoying character in ASoIaF. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />What? I love Patchface! Besides, he is AAR, TPTWP and a secret Targ.
1076	Rhoynar	2013-04-29	Instead of Edric Storm, Shireen is the sacrifice with king's blood that Melisandre will want.  At least, I think this is how it is shaping up. I wonder how Stannis will react?This is what I thought at first but then, why did Melisandre leave?PS: I hope they don't dare. They would totally ruin the Stannis character. Book Stannis would never sacrifice Shireen.
					
					
							Edited by Rhoynar, 29 April 2013 - 11:50 AM.
1077	Lord Varys	2013-04-29	Gendry is going to fill Edric's role, but before Shireen and Gendry are going to become very close friends which is going to make the whole sacrifice idea much harder for Stannis. He already looked stricken when Mel mentioned the whole sacrifice thing on the beach. Selyse and Mel are going to try to convince Stannis to sacrifice Gendry, Davos and Shireen will argue against it (Shireen might not argue in words but through her obvious affection for Gendry).
1078	King Tyrion I	2013-04-29	Shireen was a great introduction: the set up with Stannis asking permission to see her, his pausing at the door, her running to him, then the greyscale reveal. Wonderfully done. The lass playing her is doing a charming job and the scene with her and Davos was sweet. Great to see the reactions in Stannis's face too. It showed he really did love her in his own plank way.Selyse was suitably creepy. I had her marked as more 'batty' in the books, but creepy works - although I am in too minds about the biology experiment, that may be a bit too macabre. The actress playing her struck as really looking similar to Lysa Arryn so that may confuse some watchers. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Both actresses did a great job.I loved how Shireen began teaching Davos. So fearless. Great.
1079	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	What? I love Patchface! Besides, he is AAR, TPTWP and a secret Targ.:/
1080	Aegnor	2013-04-29	In the books Selyse's crazy is a bit more subtle. Unfortunately, in a TV series, subtlety takes time to develop. For a side character like Selyse there isn't time to waste on subtlety and so they have to hit you over the head quick with the fact that she's a nutjob. I think the fetuses did a good job of that.
I thought Shireen was perfect. Really well done, and that scene with Davos was such a great addition.
1081	Zman1863	2013-04-29	I never really know how to react to show Stannis scenes because so many of the moments they show are off stage moments in the books. It's strange to contemplate the character interacting with his family one on one. I think Selyse is portrayed as one would expect with the Melisandre stuff being presented explicitly on the show. I thought they conveyed Stannis's discomfort and stiffness well; but I think they make him a little more warm and fuzzy than he is in the books. 
I like how Shireen is portrayed. I also got the impression from the interaction between Davos and Shireen that they might possibly frame his release as something that comes about because Stannis goes with the kid's instinct rather than Melisandre's.
1082	relish5k	2013-04-29	Re: the stillborn kids, I made a thread about this but it doesn't seem to have been approved because [NO REASON PROVIDED].I think they're going to be used instead of the leeches that Mel burns. There's three of them, plus King's Blood and all that. It's clear that Mel is going to bring back Gendry and Davos is going to talk Stan out of burning him. The fetuses will be his replacement.That would make a lot of sense. I loved the creepyness factor, but it would also be great to see a plot justification.
1083	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-29	This is what I thought at first but then, why did Melisandre leave?PS: I hope they don't dare. They would totally ruin the Stannis character. Book Stannis would never sacrifice Shireen.There have been so many plot changes already, but it does make sense that Mel can locate the Brotherhood Without Banners since they are followers of the "Red God" and Beric has already been touched by its power.  All in all, it seems more likely that Me will bring Gendry and the fetus' will be the sacrifice.
1084	Rhaenys Sand	2013-04-29	Shireen was lovely and the actress truly did her justice, but I only have one slight vain problem, why is she blonde? I mean usually I'm not picky, but after the whole "seed is strong" it seems extremely stupid not to dye the actress's hair, it's like Lilly Potter having brown eyes in the HP movies while Harry's eyes were blue in the film. Otherwise I loved the way they portrayed Shireen.
1085	Maizel	2013-04-29	I think both of the characters were really well done, and are a decent on screen resemblance of what I thought they would be like. I liked the scenes overall, I like that Stannis get deepened out a bit. 
Didn;t like the jarbabies though. Even though it does seem to work well with Creepy Selyse,  and her wish fir a son and stuff.
1086	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	Loved Shireen. Well acted, adorable, she loves Davos and her father... Her life can't have been easy (crazy mother who loves fetuses in jars more than her, father who is extremely uncomfortable with affection, greyscale, mainly confined to a tower room with her toys and books) but somehow she's still such a sweetheart.
"It begins with A-E-G, that's pronounced like Egg." Heh.
Selyse is insane. The failure to fulfill "her one purpose in life" - that of giving her husband a son - I presume. And on top of that, her husband can't show love (or maybe just doesn't love her) and her daughter has a contagious stigmatizing disease. Yeah, I can see how that would make a (presumably already unstable) woman in Westeros tip over the edge, and make her easy prey for Melisandre.
And poor Stannis, too. So extremely awkward with any interaction where he doesn't have clear-cut rules to follow. Crazy wife, dead sons, greyscaled daughter... Yeah, pretty much nobody's happy on Dragonstone.
					
					
							Edited by ShigellaSand, 29 April 2013 - 01:12 PM.
1087	ViennaGirl	2013-04-29	I thought Selyse's level of crazy was mostly consistent with the books, even including the bottle babies. She'd have to be pretty out there to not just approve of, but actively support Mel's relationship with her husband, so I'm okay with a high level of TV crazy. I don't think it's consistent to have her be hostile to Shireen, though. Book Selyse does love her daughter, even through the crazy.  I never really felt anything about Shireen in the books, but TV Shireen is pretty adorable and sympathetic. I miss Patchface. Maybe he would have been out of context without the other Fools who also weren't cast (Butterbumps, Dontos, etc). In TV Westeros, we don't see the role of a Fool played by anyone, so Patchface alone would be pretty jarring.
1088	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	Selyse is insane. The failure to fulfill "her one purpose in life" - that of giving her husband a son - I presume. And on top of that, her husband can't show love (or maybe just doesn't love her) and her daughter has a contagious stigmatizing disease. Yeah, I can see how that would make a (presumably already unstable) woman in Westeros tip over the edge, and make her easy prey for Melisandre.One small distinction - Shireen had greyscale as an infant and survived it, thus she is no longer contagious (per book canon).
1089	Shaula Black	2013-04-29	I liked the portrail of both Selyse and Shireen. Specially how the Greyscale looked. And people can get the ideia of how crazy Selyse is.
I see we have many theories here... IMO the one that makes more sense is the 3 fetuses being the 3 sacrifices. The scene would be very impactant on screen. I wonder which 3 kings are going to die though, because they show very little of Balon, and people will forget him.
1090	Abaddon	2013-04-29	One small distinction - Shireen had greyscale as an infant and survived it, thus she is no longer contagious (per book canon).Val doesn't seem to think so, also per book canon.  It is unclear whether her fear of greyscale even in a child is meaningful or not to date.Very interesting idea that the three fetuses will take the place of the three leeches.  I agree that would be a lot more disturbing!  But it would make a lot more sense than just having them be there out of the blue.  And it also makes sense that one of them would be named "Edric", to tweak book-readers on the nose.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 29 April 2013 - 01:46 PM.
1091	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	Shireen was lovely and the actress truly did her justice, but I only have one slight vain problem, why is she blonde? I mean usually I'm not picky, but after the whole "seed is strong" it seems extremely stupid not to dye the actress's hair, it's like Lilly Potter having brown eyes in the HP movies while Harry's eyes were blue in the film. Otherwise I loved the way they portrayed Shireen.Stannis has lighter hair than show Robert and Renly as well. The Barratheons do have some Targ blood, I always felt in ran stronger in Stannis than the other 2. Maybe its the burning people alive thing and whatnot, it just a vibe I get from him.
1092	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Where was Selyse's mustache? /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />The babes in the jar were a bit too much, her saying she knows about Stan & Mel was enough.Shireen was great, she has all the innocence and sweetness of a little girl. Was suprised to hear her singing Patche's tunes, I thought they scared her.
1093	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	One small distinction - Shireen had greyscale as an infant and survived it, thus she is no longer contagious (per book canon).Possibly not contagious anymore - there's some disagreement within the books on that... And anyway, who's to say Selyse hasn't been insane ever since Shireen was an infant and definitely was contagious?
1094	HailStannis	2013-04-29	I am quite surprised that people saw selyse as much more creepy than in the books. I thought she was spot on. She was a brainwashed, disgusting, religious zealot in the books and I hated her. The only difference is that they didn't ugly her up (moustache) which is understandable.
1095	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	I'm so surprised that they chose to introduce Selyse.  I just assumed that they would refrain from even bothering to include Selyse, since her role seems quite small and easy to eliminate for the show. Makes me wonder if D&D know something about her that we don't.
1096	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	I am quite surprised that people saw selyse as much more creepy than in the books. I thought she was spot on. She was a brainwashed, disgusting, religious zealot in the books and I hated her. The only difference is that they didn't ugly her up (moustache) which is understandable.I agree.. I thought she was a wack-job in the books and she looks like a wack-job in the show. The keeping stillborns in jars was a little weird though.. that is just creepy SyFy movie shit
1097	shiola	2013-04-29	I think sacrificing the dead babies instead of leeches is really fucking stupid and pretty much over the top ridiculous.  I get the king's blood aspect, and that it will save Gendry etc.  But I don't think tossing fully-formed babies into a fire will go over well with the TV audience, and it's going to make Stannis look so much worse to the people who already hate him.
1098	shiola	2013-04-29	Shireen is adorable but she is blond!! Which sort of puts the nail in Ned's whole "Baratheon: Black of hair" discovery in S1. The man died for being an idiot, according to the show. LOLOh my god.  That's so fucking ridiculous, I didn't even notice.  I'm sure people will catch that and think she's some sort of bastard as well, since Selyse not having other children could be Stannis' fault and not her own.  (Not to mention anything done for the Lord of Light is not a sin, etc)
1099	Sixshells	2013-04-29	Shireen was great. It's good they gave her more depth and presence in the scenes where she is. Although since she doesn't look that disfigured in the show they really should have put a reminder about greyscale because the way she looks doesn't give enough reason for her parents to keep her away like that.
The dead foetuses from Area 51 were a bit over the top, but creepiness has its place on the show.
I must have missed something however: where does all this talk of Gendry going to Dragonstone and Melisandre using his blood come from? Is that one of those crazy fan theories that some people have come to take for granted despite a lack of proof, or is there actual evidence to back it up? Because I see those posts saying that Gendry will somehow find himself whisked away from the BwB to Stannis and Mel, and it's just weird to even imagine it happening.
1100	Dove	2013-04-29	I think it's speculation that's sprung up as a result of seeing Mel interacting with Gendry in a few trailers, and an episode synopsis that hinted at her meeting the BoB.
1101	Darth Pipes	2013-04-29	The dead fetuses in a jar creeped me out although I agree with the reviewer from Westeros.org who said it was probably something that GRRM would have thought up eventually.
They made Selyse pretty bat**** on the show, like Lysa (who I can definitely see doing the jar thing) but I thought they nailed the character's religious fanaticism pretty well.  I can buy her being okay with Stannis sleeping with Meilsandre.  Speaking of which, when Selyse appeared onscreen I didn't know who she was at first.  Thought she might have been Melisandra.
I liked Shireen in the books.  A nice kid who lives a sad life.  It really annoyed me in the first book when Renly laughed about Stannis having such an ugly kid at a Small Council meeting.  To me, that showed a lot about the true character of Renly the Wonderful.  Anyway, the actress who played Shireen did a great job and I like the character even more on the show.  Combing aspects of Patchface and Pylos was a good decision.
1102	shiola	2013-04-29	The dead fetuses in a jar creeped me out although I agree with the reviewer from Westeros.org who said it was probably something that GRRM would have thought up eventually.They made Selyse pretty bat**** on the show, like Lysa (who I can definitely see doing the jar thing) but I thought they nailed the character's religious fanaticism pretty well.  I can buy her being okay with Stannis sleeping with Meilsandre.  Speaking of which, when Selyse appeared onscreen I didn't know who she was at first.  Thought she might have been Melisandra.I liked Shireen in the books.  A nice kid who lives a sad life.  It really annoyed me in the first book when Renly laughed about Stannis having such an ugly kid at a Small Council meeting.  To me, that showed a lot about the true character of Renly the Wonderful.  Anyway, the actress who played Shireen did a great job and I like the character even more on the show.  Combing aspects of Patchface and Pylos was a good decision.I agree with most of this.  Selyse was very different from how I pictured her, so I was confused at first as well.  But I think she nailed the role.
1103	GoodGuyA	2013-04-29	I loved the quietness of these scenes, even in comparison to other bits of interaction. Selyse is a bit too one-minded for my liking, even though it does lead to some interesting character bits. Her conflict with Stannis really needs to be played out rather than a "casual adviser" otherwise she'll simply be a wasted character. I love how she really becomes disenfranchised with her husband later on in the books and really only rests her eyes on Mel. That obsession is certainly present here, but there is depth to be unlocked. Can't judge a character based on one appearance!Shireen had one of the most clever reveals I've seen in a long time. It was just completely innocuous and you wouldn't expect there to be anything wrong until BAM, it's in your face. Even I was caught by it, probably because I could never imagine what greyscale looked like. That scene should have been far longer though. There is a rushed element to it regardless of the nice quietness. I'm glad they made her memorable by episode's end though. Great narrative purpose and solid character there. The song at the end of the episode also really accented the nature of the last scene particularly. Her Patchface elements were well put in and I hope to see a bit more of that.
1104	Newstar	2013-04-29	Re: Shireen's hair...I think there are sometimes concerns about dyeing children's hair, because of the health risks from the chemicals involved. That's probably why they didn't dye it. I'm glad they didn't go with a wig.
The actress for Shireen is so perfect. She was instantly charming and endearing. Where do they keep getting these A+ child actors?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 29 April 2013 - 09:35 PM.
1105	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	I thought them not introducing Shireen in the second season was another corner being cut. I don't remember her being of much significance in the Books. I wonder if she'll have a bigger role in the great scheme of things that we haven't seen even in the books yet? Remember that they know how ASOIAF will end.
Could be that they just introduced her to bring depth to Stannis' character. Davos isn't going to learn reading on his own either!
1106	Batman	2013-04-30	Same here, when Shireen run up to Stannis and hugged him then she looked up at him, if my heart could melt at that point in time, it would. I like what they did with the Greyscale as well, I was expecting it to be more blackish but I think this is better.What's up with the fetus?Apparently instead of cold and bitchy they are playing Selyse obsessed and morbid. Keeping your stillborn or dead infants in jar's? Not good, not good
1107	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Re: Shireen's hair...I think there are sometimes concerns about dyeing children's hair, because of the health risks from the chemicals involved. That's probably why they didn't dye it. I'm glad they didn't go with a wig.The actress for Shireen is so perfect. She was instantly charming and endearing. Where do they keep getting these A+ child actors?They could use something that doesn't contain toxic components and is more natural to dye her hair. Just like they do with Sansa's.ETA: Here. Go to page 3, where they talk about wigs and hair color.http://fashionista.c...crets-revealed/
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 30 April 2013 - 01:46 AM.
1108	Net-Viper X	2013-04-30	Loved Shireen, she was such a sweet heart and her scenes were some of the best for the episode. I also liked how awkward Stannis was around her, you could tell he loved her so much and had no idea how to show it. Those few minutes really helped flesh out his character. About the blonde hair, maybe the ravages of grayscale made her hair turn white or something. I hope they have some excuse, or thats really gonna cause problems with the black hair=Baratheon case.
I was kinda disappointed initially in Selyse though, I found it odd that she seemed to have no love for her daughter at all, and she seemed much more commanding and aggressive in the books and less insane. She just doesn't strike me as the type of woman that will effectively move in and take over Castle Black after Stannis marches off for Winterfel. Book Selyse was even bossing the Lord Commander around, and didn't take shit from anyone. The woman was queen and she knew it. They did manage to show what a fanatic she was though. I won't be surprised at all if she burns the three pickled infants for Mels magic, I think she would eat Mels shit if she thought it would make Rhillor happy.
One things for sure, Dragonstone is going to be interesting this season.
1109	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-30	This is what I thought at first but then, why did Melisandre leave?PS: I hope they don't dare. They would totally ruin the Stannis character. Book Stannis would never sacrifice Shireen.Unfortunately I disagree. I'm in constant fear Stannis will agree to burn his daughter. I think Jon snow will save her but still.
1110	zeus	2013-04-30	didnt like how shireen had blonde hair. kind of contradicts the story line of season/book 1
1111	WinterWarrior	2013-04-30	I watched the episode again last night and I have to say that Shireen is darling. The child actress who plays her makes her so endearing. I hope she is a major part of the story line, she is just great. And her interactions with Davos really warmed my heart. Maybe she will be the one Davos sends away to keep her from the fires in place of Edric Storm.
I caught that Selyse called one of the three fetuses "Edric".  Ewww.....that is just so creepy. I don't know why they had to add them to the scene.....blech.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 30 April 2013 - 07:14 AM.
1112	Kaitscralt	2013-04-30	didnt like how shireen had blonde hair. kind of contradicts the story line of season/book 1lol
1113	MannyAntony	2013-04-30	I think that if they didnt explain shireens greyscale what would the non readers think it is, or does it become irrelevant in all the theories
1114	Net-Viper X	2013-04-30	I think that if they didnt explain shireens greyscale what would the non readers think it is, or does it become irrelevant in all the theoriesIf they don't explain grayscale quick, non-readers are going to think she has Porridge Plague.
1115	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I swear if I have a daughter I want her to be a mix of Arya and Shireen. Funny, do you think Arya and Shireen would be friends? I don't think Shireen would mind Arya not being so ladylike, like it seems most highborn women do. They both are the kind of people to be friends with you if you'll be friends with them. I don't know, whatever.
All they had to do to tone down how unnecessary the dead babies were is to say that she believes they stand testament to the greatness of R'hllor, for where she had failed him, R'hllor was kind and blessed him. Helps shade that she's a lil crazy and also intensifies her religious fervor
1116	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-30	Interesting how hard stannis is being set up as the weird, magic using bad guy in black with a creepy fetus keeping wife.
It works for TV.  
The stannis purists will probably hate it, but, it does differentiate him from all the rest.
1117	Nezzer	2013-05-01	Interesting how hard stannis is being set up as the weird, magic using bad guy in black with a creepy fetus keeping wife.It works for TV.  The stannis purists will probably hate it, but, it does differentiate him from all the rest.I don't know. Stannis is my top favorite character and I thought he was extremely in-character in his scenes with his family last episode. Very awkward and blunt. He also showed us how he feels compelled to always tell the truth. He was only weirdly adapted in 2x02 and in 3x03 so far IMHO.
1118	Bowen	2013-05-01	Re: the stillborn kids, I made a thread about this but it doesn't seem to have been approved because [NO REASON PROVIDED].I think they're going to be used instead of the leeches that Mel burns. There's three of them, plus King's Blood and all that. It's clear that Mel is going to bring back Gendry and Davos is going to talk Stan out of burning him. The fetuses will be his replacement.Im a little confused here Re Gendry,is this something thats been revealed about the show?I know hes not been shown yet but its Edric Storm Roberts bastard who Mel wanted in the book,since Gendry joined the Brotherhood he ceased to be in the book but I agree that he will pop up again just never knew in what capacity,reading this post does make sense for his storyline as he has kings blood in him and Stannis knew of him too.most interesting?Andrew
1119	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	Im a little confused here Re Gendry,is this something thats been revealed about the show?I know hes not been shown yet but its Edric Storm Roberts bastard who Mel wanted in the book,since Gendry joined the Brotherhood he ceased to be in the book but I agree that he will pop up again just never knew in what capacity,reading this post does make sense for his storyline as he has kings blood in him and Stannis knew of him too.most interesting?AndrewI think Mel was shown in a trailer with BwB. And I believe it's in one of the episode synopses
1120	Raion Laion	2013-05-01	I swear if I have a daughter I want her to be a mix of Arya and Shireen. Funny, do you think Arya and Shireen would be friends? I don't think Shireen would mind Arya not being so ladylike, like it seems most highborn women do. They both are the kind of people to be friends with you if you'll be friends with them. I don't know, whatever.In the name of R'hllor, yes. Dozens of Aryas and Shireens running around, waking you up too early in the morning with the pointy end or a creepy song.Lord of light, please bless me with tons of little witty girls.
1121	Fire and Beer	2014-07-14	I loved seeing Shireen - her interaction with Stannis almost bringing a humanity to him. Her time with Davos - while a little weird in how she was let into the dungeons to see a traitor placed there by the king - smooths over how he would get taught to read and creates a definite connection with the two.
Selyse - hmm. I thought she played crazy well, their interaction about his infidelity was interesting - it obviously bothers him greatly, but she is so fanatical about R'Hllor she doesn't care. Honestly though the Area 51 Aliens-in-a-Bottle really was a detractor, especially considering one of the bodies in there looked like a 3 year old, not a stillborn newborn.


She wasn't allowed to see him- she sneaked out and got the davos bc she knew the guard was drunk and usually fell asleep at a certain time. honestly if she's the only heir to "The one true King" as stannis calls himself, shouldn't she be more cared for? not locked away like some short hair rapunzel? just saying, thats pretty fucked up

selyse is just cray-that is all-
1122	Fire and Beer	2014-07-14	shireen and onion take over westeros part I:
1123	Batbob45	2014-08-06	Arya could be friends with Shireen because
they are the same age
Shireen does not act like she better than people like Sansa was
They seem to see through people BS

does every charactor with  Lys in their name is crazy
1124	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-29	So I know TV Stannis has been taking a lot of heat this season...Personally, i dont mind TV stannis, but he has been portrayed differently on the show. I was pleasantly surprised with his scene in this episode. Im sure there's plenty to dissect one way or another (Princess Shireen was the cutest! And creepy fetus jars for sure. And Selyse knowing about Stannis porking Mel is definitley interesting), but as far as Stannis goes, I thought this earned him some points in my book.
What does everyone think of this new side of Stannis were seeing on TV?
1125	Conchobar	2013-04-29	I like him, always have. Not as much as Davos, but I liked how awkward Stannis was with Shireen. It is strange seeing him as a father and you can tell that he loves Shireen.
1126	Versiroth	2013-04-29	I definitely like book Stanis more, but I've never minded show Stanis either.   I like that he admitted what he had done with Mel to his wife and also that he went to see his daughter.   So, yeah, definitely some redemption points for him.
1127	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	I thought these scenes did a great job of providing TV Stannis some much needed depth, and of revealing a believable motive for him to glom onto Melisandre (namely, that his wife is bat shit crazy).
1128	The Monkey	2013-04-29	Aye, him apologizing to his wife for his infidelity was very in-character and a nice touch. Loved the girl who played Shireen. Can't for my life figure out how HBO finds all these awesome child actors, since all other networks fail in the task.
1129	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Yes and no. There were bits that gave him some redemption, but also some bad things. In the end, it will depend on what people choose to remember and talk about, and it is in human nature to remember and focus on the bad and / or shocking.Selyse probably isn't ugly enough, tbh Tara Fitzgerald isn't ugly at all... But okay, since the fetuses show he's been trying and the show doesn't establish he shirks away from her as much as the books do, I suppose I can live with it. That he wants a son is probably a better reason for doing Mel than thinking Selyse is ugly (even though, the way she's described...) or doing it just to have magical assassins.His apology was probably the best thing about this episode for him. I can see why they used the fetuses (to remind people of the stillborns), but it is kinda cruel to think Stannis would not give his unborn sons a proper burial. Makes him look like the head of the Adams family, really. At the same time, people (especially mothers) should be able to sympathize with him a little - having so many stillborn children is just too much, you wouldn't wish it upon anyone.'Davos is rotting in a dungeon' - please, he isn't... He was put in the dungeon (in good circumstances) to recover from almost dying and be protected from himself (it is a logical assumption to think he could have gone mad having spent so much time on a rock), besides Stannis didn't even put him there personally (as opposed to the show).The relationship with his wife is far more interesting than in the book, so at the very least, it should make him more interesting to people.'I believed that once' - Stannis, giving up? Please, his strength and resolve is the reason so many of us like him so much.I enjoyed his scenes and the amount of screentime he got, but I think a lot of viewers will simply remember the creepiness and awkwardness about him displayed in this episode rather than anything else.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 08:26 AM.
1130	Pliskin	2013-04-29	Sometimes, the show can pull off some awesome original scenes. And Dragonstone, in this episode, is one of them.
Not as good as the Theon burning scene, but still, very good.
Shireen <3
1131	hombay	2013-04-29	I think it was great. As a huge Stannis supporter of the books I was glad to see that he got some redemption.
I also feel that at this point in the books he would've been close to the breaking point. I feel this season will begin his revitalisation, and it will conclude in the next.
His arch in this season will probably have to do with the sparing of someone's life or similar, taking the place of what Davos does for Edric. All speculation though!
PS. LOOOVED the "I know I know, oh oh oh" bit. DS
1132	Lord of Castamere	2013-04-29	I like how Stannis is portrayed as a man, with different aspects of ones character.
1133	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	TV Stannis is exactly how I pictured him in the books. Not sure what peoples' issues really are.
1134	Kernest	2013-04-29	Yeah, I liked him this episode, goes to show that he is being used by Melissandre. Once she is no longer present he confesses to his wife about his adultery and goes to see his daughter. The scene of Melissandre leaving was horrible to watch, I really lost a lot of respect for Stannis there, but he regained some in this episode, we'll see how he does in the future. He even called her "the Red Woman" to Selyse's face, which kind of shows a upcoming detachment from her and embracing the common sense brought by Davos.Depending on whether they decide to do the leech-burning ceremony, Melissandre would have to come back episode 7, to put an episode between the ceremony and the Red Wedding, which would mean that Stannis would have to come to his senses, forgive and release Davos and make him hand in the next episode.
					
					
							Edited by Kernest, 29 April 2013 - 08:55 AM.
1135	jons nissa	2013-04-29	I thought these scenes did a great job of providing TV Stannis some much needed depth, and of revealing a believable motive for him to glom onto Melisandre (namely, that his wife is bat shit crazy).i agree. there was definite motive for his adultery and they did a good job of showing how much of a zealot selyse is.TV Stannis is exactly how I pictured him in the books. Not sure what peoples' issues really are.probably that tv stannis is so different from book stannis. and things that were hinted at in the books are made blatantly obvious in the show with forces readers to deal with a more conflicted stannis than they may have originally thought.as for whether he is redeemed, for me, no. yes, we are allowed to see more sides to the man but he doesn't redeem himself for me until he goes to the wall.
1136	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-04-29	From the ways things are shaping up, I think I might end up liking TV!Stannis more than Book!Stannis...
What is happening to me?!
					
					
							Edited by The Sullen Sellsword, 29 April 2013 - 09:42 AM.
1137	Sun	2013-04-29	Yes. His confession to his wife was touching, and honourable.
1138	Pure Guava	2013-04-29	probably that tv stannis is so different from book stannis.Different how? Care to elaborate? Honestly, it's been a long time since I've read the books but he always appeared to me as a pretty cold and severe character.
1139	ServantOnIce	2013-04-29	I liked it. I was convinced D and D hated Stannis after the early episodes but last night they showed some depth to his character. Stannis is struggling with a wife who is mentally dealing with a lot of anguish, and he himself who has suffered not only his first defeat but his worst defeat, he has pretty much lost in the Game of Thrones and time is running out for him.  His allys have abandoned him, and he has Davos in the cells (the same cells that Theon appears to be in, set touch).
Good to see him, he loves Shireen, he loves his family,
1140	Toxspecific	2013-04-29	TV Stannis up till now = very good while Book Stannis = way better. The gap has reduced a bit, because the show has now given us one thing the book didn't; Stannis and Shireen talking.
1141	Penguin king	2013-04-29	From the ways things are shaping up, I think I might end up liking TV!Stannis more than Book!Stannis...What is happening to me?!I feel the same way. I really got the feeling that he cares for his wife and daughter in this episode. Never really saw that in book Stannis. He's still very cold and detached, but Stephen Dillane manages to let a little bit of warmth shine through, and in my opinion Stannis benefits for it.
1142	mteague26	2013-04-29	Show Stannis is incredibly unlikeable.  The dude wouldn't even hug his daughter back.  But i'm cool with this because i don't like Stannis in the books either and don't really understand why a lot of people do like him.  He's dull, one dimensional, totally cool with human sacrifice, and never smiles.  Such a douche.
1143	Longspear Ryk	2013-04-29	Great scenese, but anyone else think the fetuses are too much? The only explanation for me is that their gona use them instead of leeches
1144	Harrad	2013-04-29	Show Stannis is incredibly unlikeable.  The dude wouldn't even hug his daughter back.  But i'm cool with this because i don't like Stannis in the books either and don't really understand why a lot of people do like him.  He's dull, one dimensional, totally cool with human sacrifice, and never smiles.  Such a douche.Stannis is no better nor worse than the book Stannis and other contenders for the Heavyweight Championship of Westeros. He reminds me of Galad in the Eye of the World series. A commander and superior warrior but so rigid and unyielding that he can never achieve greatness.
1145	Toxspecific	2013-04-29	Stannis is no better nor worse than the book Stannis and other contenders for the Heavyweight Championship of Westeros. He reminds me of Galad in the Eye of the World series. A commander and superior warrior but so rigid and unyielding that he can never achieve greatness.I read a few books of that series, firstly its called Wheel of Time, secondly you could not have made a worse comparison. Stannis shares no traits with Galad. Galad is a 'pretty boy' like Loras, except straight, and is a big ladies man and all girls fall around his knees begging for his attention.Seriously, couldn't have made a more inaccurate comparison. Stannis shares some traits with some of the Children of the Light, but Galad? That's like saying Stannis is like Loras.Show Stannis is incredibly unlikeable.  The dude wouldn't even hug his daughter back.  But i'm cool with this because i don't like Stannis in the books either and don't really understand why a lot of people do like him.  He's dull, one dimensional, totally cool with human sacrifice, and never smiles.  Such a douche.He needs to be less cool with the sacrifices, yeah. Its an issue we Stan fans have with him.But I disagree with the not hugging his daughter back thing. He clearly showed affection for her in the scene, but thing is, he's Stannis. Nobody gave him real love from his family, and he has no idea how to go about showing it at all.
1146	Harrad	2013-04-29	I read a few books of that series, firstly its called Wheel of Time, secondly you could not have made a worse comparison. Stannis shares no traits with Galad. Galad is a 'pretty boy' like Loras, except straight, and is a big ladies man and all girls fall around his knees begging for his attention.Seriously, couldn't have made a more inaccurate comparison. Stannis shares some traits with some of the Children of the Light, but Galad? That's like saying Stannis is like Loras.Thanks for pointing out that your reading a book and comprehending it are two different things. Stannis is everything like Galad and nothing like Loras. Loras has passion and makes commitments and mistakes. Loras clearly does not hold himself or anyone else to rigid standards. Aside from the superficial difference in looks between Galad and Stannis, their important similarity is their rigid belief systems that lead them to judge themselves and everyone around them by impossible standards leading to disastrous results.
1147	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Plainly not true. Looks like your rigid belief system has led you to judge Stannis by impossible standards, leading to a disastrous result.Great scenese, but anyone else think the fetuses are too much? The only explanation for me is that their gona use them instead of leechesThey served as a reminder of the stillborn Selyse had, but yeah, it was too much. However what you're suggesting is very interesting... Although it would be horrible and I'd rather not see it happen.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 11:15 AM.
1148	Gannicus	2013-04-29	I understand the show trying to humanize him and at  least today they didn't make him look like a villain again.  But I can't wait to see the tough unflinching Stannis return when he sails north.
1149	jons nissa	2013-04-29	Stannis and Shireen talking.this is one of the things i didn't like about book stannis. he has such little, if any, interaction with shireen.
1150	SerMudz	2013-04-29	I liked it. I was convinced D and D hated Stannis after the early episodes but last night they showed some depth to his character. Stannis is struggling with a wife who is mentally dealing with a lot of anguish, and he himself who has suffered not only his first defeat but his worst defeat, he has pretty much lost in the Game of Thrones and time is running out for him.  His allys have abandoned him, and he has Davos in the cells (the same cells that Theon appears to be in, set touch).Good to see him, he loves Shireen, he loves his family,I really liked Stannis's scene in this episode, Dillane is actually nailing the portrayal as far as I'm concerned its just the writing thats often a let down. But yeah this was a huge improvement, although I'd say Cogman deserves the credit for that, rather than Benioff and Weiss.I do wish people would just get the hell over the beach scene though, it wasnt that bad. People forget jus how desperate and deprressed Stannis wwas at this point, all he did was beg her for another shadow assassin - because he wants the other kings dead. Even the "i want you" was part of that - whats the big deal?
1151	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I liked the confession to his wife and his interaction with Shireen, but the babies in jars was very off-putting. I'm still not exactly sure what they are doing with tv Stannis. Stannis is a character in the books that I admire though I'm not a big fan like some on this forum. TV Stannis comes across differently than how I imagined him, but I think perhaps they are setting him up for a great redemption. At least, I hope they are.
1152	Jonsblock	2013-04-29	Great scenese, but anyone else think the fetuses are too much? The only explanation for me is that their gona use them instead of leechesAAhhh good call. When Mel left she mentioned that there were others for the Kings blood. Then Selyse metioned Edric which instead of Roberts bastard, is one of the stillborns. I wasn't crazy about it though either.
1153	Toxspecific	2013-04-29	Thanks for pointing out that your reading a book and comprehending it are two different things. Stannis is everything like Galad and nothing like Loras. Loras has passion and makes commitments and mistakes. Loras clearly does not hold himself or anyone else to rigid standards. Aside from the superficial difference in looks between Galad and Stannis, their important similarity is their rigid belief systems that lead them to judge themselves and everyone around them by impossible standards leading to disastrous results.From what I read, Galad's character: extravagant, social, good with people. Unless he experienced a change of character in the series? I stopped reading at a certain point, but unless that dude became a dead serious guy who is bad with his people skills I can't imagine him being anything like Stannis.
1154	Jasta11	2013-04-29	Let's be honest, Stannis didn't become a really respected character until he came to the Wall. Let's give him some time; at the same point in the books he's also a half-depressed wreck who is considering burning his nephew to obtain the Lord of Light's favor.
1155	TheDarkOne	2013-04-29	The gentleman playing Stannis is outstanding, we all love him. The writing of his character, and the tapestry around it is regrettable.
1156	SerMudz	2013-04-29	I liked the confession to his wife and his interaction with Shireen, but the babies in jars was very off-putting. I'm still not exactly sure what they are doing with tv Stannis. Stannis is a character in the books that I admire though I'm not a big fan like some on this forum. TV Stannis comes across differently than how I imagined him, but I think perhaps they are setting him up for a great redemption. At least, I hope they are.When I think back to the books, I forget that for the duration of Book 2 and first quarter of Book 3 I did kind of see Stannis as the villain. So in that respect I think the show is following that pretty closely. I firsts taretd seeing Stannis in a different light after he talks with Davos (following his stint in the dungeons), the Florents had been urging Stannis to put a House to the sword whose Lord had betrayed him, and Stannis basically says how much that would be wrong etc and they have a good talk about doing ones the duty, that he's never wanted the crown but now it is his by law and so its his duty to rule. After that I really began to like Stannis, and Im hoping that scene with Davos will come up in the next couple of episodes.i also think Stannis will replace Melisandre who goes to see Davos in the dungeon in the books, telling him all about how she is not the real enemy and that the real war is that of The Others. I think Stannis will reveal what he saw in Melisandre's flames at the end of S2.
					
					
							Edited by SerMudz, 29 April 2013 - 12:44 PM.
1157	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-29	My problem with the fetuses wasn't even that they were too much, but that they just seemed out of place. They seemed way too science fictiony for this show, or at least this scene. I could maybe see a set piece like that being in Qyburns chambers.
1158	Jojosh	2013-04-29	That scene with his daughter was cute everything else with him this episode was meh
1159	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-29	I never saw a passion in book Stannis when it came to claiming the throne. He just felt it was the right thing to do.He displays quite a bit of lust and ambition in the show. Except for this episode. It was nice to see him as a family man. I do feel he displayed enough affection for the viewers by just strongly insisting to see his daughter. He can't show it to her but we know he wants to and doesn't know how.Was selyse crazy in the books? I just thought she was a snob. It was actually really comical and although i enjoyed it i hope it doesn't ruin it for others. Stannis had the most hilarious look as soon as he knew he was off the hook. Kind of like, "lolol my wife is nuts"I also loved these lines with Shireen."Mother said you were in a battle.."*Stannis gives a look, 'damn woman'*"Did you win?"*Sits down, shuffling, eye contact**raises eye brows and looks down* "....no!"
1160	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	I think Shireen is the key to getting Stannis out of the Queen's Men stance that he has taken in the TV series. 
In the book, Stannis is in the middle with King's Men (Davos) and Queen's Men (the Florents). In the show, without the Florents (up till now), Stannis has been the Queen's Men while Davos is still the King's Man. I think Shireen is going to pull Stannis back to the King's Men side, culminating with the non-sacrifice and decision to go North.
The main problem I've found with Stannis in the show is that he made Davos his Hand too early. Once Davos is made his hand, Stannis gets a lot more exposition and shows more death. It's when he makes some of his best speeches and was really the point where Stannis won me over. The "we will make new lords," "brother or my king," and "no gods so cruel" speeches he makes solidify himself as a dutiful man and make him look much less fanatical. The show lacks this depth and characterization. 
Hopefully, we will still get those speeches and Stannis will start to pull out from under Melisandre's thumb. This episode wasn't too bad with Stannis, although he is still defending Davos in the dungeon. That is another problem the show has created: in the books, the Florent's imprison Davos and Stannis releases him later. In the show, Stannis imprisoned him and ... is going to release him later? Or something. Who knows.
1161	mteague26	2013-04-29	ok wait, i really think ya'll need to re-watch that scene again.  If feels more like duty and obligation that brings stannis to visit his daughter.  it is very clear that when shireen runs to hug him, he does not embrace her back.  his conversation with her is very stiff, and he just gets up and walks out without a word.  this is how i view his character in the books as well, which is why i just cannot like the man.  his protection of the wall was very badass and admirable, I will give him that.   but other than that, he's boring.
1162	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	I don't think that redemption for Stannis is the word I'd use - but definitely sympathy for him.
I've known people like that, who are just incapable of showing their feelings, because it would make them vulnerable and they're terrified of rejection. It doesn't mean they don't feel anything. It's particularly common in men above a certain age, who were raised in different times - which means, IMO, that it suits Stannis perfectly. He's just not good with any social interaction unless there's a clear set of rules to follow. A lord is expected to do this, his bannerman should do that. Step outside the rules, and Stannis feels like he's not in control of the situation, which is a scary,scary thing.
1163	Believe in Stannis	2013-04-29	love stannis in the book and show love the actor but i dont like all the stannis changes in the TV show. seems they change so much of his stuff i think throwing davos in dungeon alone is huge
1164	The Dornish Direwolf	2013-04-29	Great scenese, but anyone else think the fetuses are too much? The only explanation for me is that their gona use them instead of leechesCompletely agree.  Book Stannis would NEVER allow his wife to keep his unborn children in jars.  Thought it was pointlessly added.  Even if they will be used as substitutes for leeches.
1165	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-29	I don't think that redemption for Stannis is the word I'd use - but definitely sympathy for him.I've known people like that, who are just incapable of showing their feelings, because it would make them vulnerable and they're terrified of rejection. It doesn't mean they don't feel anything. It's particularly common in men above a certain age, who were raised in different times - which means, IMO, that it suits Stannis perfectly. He's just not good with any social interaction unless there's a clear set of rules to follow. A lord is expected to do this, his bannerman should do that. Step outside the rules, and Stannis feels like he's not in control of the situation, which is a scary,scary thing.Well said.
1166	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-29	I don't think that redemption for Stannis is the word I'd use - but definitely sympathy for him.I've known people like that, who are just incapable of showing their feelings, because it would make them vulnerable and they're terrified of rejection. It doesn't mean they don't feel anything. It's particularly common in men above a certain age, who were raised in different times - which means, IMO, that it suits Stannis perfectly. He's just not good with any social interaction unless there's a clear set of rules to follow. A lord is expected to do this, his bannerman should do that. Step outside the rules, and Stannis feels like he's not in control of the situation, which is a scary,scary thing.Yes, this is how I view Stannis as well. Things are the way they are in his mind, and he cannot handle it when events deviate from his expectations. Same with his dealings with other people. He is so awkward around other people and seems blind to their motivations.I swear it seems like he has autism spectrum disorder.
1167	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	love stannis in the book and show love the actor but i dont like all the stannis changes in the TV show. seems they change so much of his stuff i think throwing davos in dungeon alone is hugeI agree.
1168	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Yes, this is how I view Stannis as well. Things are the way they are in his mind, and he cannot handle it when events deviate from his expectations. Same with his dealings with other people. He is so awkward around other people and seems blind to their motivations.I swear it seems like he has autism spectrum disorder.*Ahem* He does win over the Northern hill tribesmen and is masterful at reading and predicting those who follow him, and even those who don't follow him. See how he just walks into the Night's Watch and figures out how to play them rather quickly. His expectations are usually pretty low even if they're opposite from how they think things should be. In his conversations with Davos and Jon, he shows some wit (which is a conversational skill) and he definitely isn't such a poor speaker that anyone who enters a conversation with him just waltzes over him and leaves him speechless, on the contrary. He's actually a quite clever man, just someone who cuts the crap and doesn't bother with niceties.
1169	The Dornish Direwolf	2013-04-29	How is locking Davos in a dungeon deviating from book Stannis?  That is exactly what he does to Davos when he first returns to Dragonstone.
1170	stanniswillwin	2013-04-29	do any dbz fans think stannis is similar to vegeta ?
1171	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	do any dbz fans think stannis is similar to vegeta ?Not at all. Why?
1172	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	How is locking Davos in a dungeon deviating from book Stannis?  That is exactly what he does to Davos when he first returns to Dragonstone.Nope.Davos is imprisoned by Axell Florent before he meets with Stannis
1173	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I thought it was interesting how handsy he is with Melisandre and how awkward he is with his wife. Choking her, grabbing her when she's walking away, compared to the physical distance and lack of contact with his wife. It seemed like he didn't even want to be in the same room as her. Honestly, I don't think he would have spoken to her at all if he hadn't wanted to confess to her and if it wasn't rude to visit his daughter without visiting his wife. And I enjoyed how blunt he was with his daughter. Very Stannis. When she asked if they won, it wasn't even like "no, but we're going to regroup and kick some ass!" Because that's not his plan right now and he wouldn't sugarcoat it. He has no plan and all there is to say is that he lost.  
Also Shireen is SO CUTE. Or maybe I've just always had a soft spot for cripples, bastards, and broken things.
1174	ebevan91	2013-04-29	Nevermind lol
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 29 April 2013 - 06:08 PM.
1175	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	Yes and no. There were bits that gave him some redemption, but also some bad things. In the end, it will depend on what people choose to remember and talk about, and it is in human nature to remember and focus on the bad and / or shocking.Selyse probably isn't ugly enough, tbh Tara Fitzgerald isn't ugly at all... But okay, since the fetuses show he's been trying and the show doesn't establish he shirks away from her as much as the books do, I suppose I can live with it. That he wants a son is probably a better reason for doing Mel than thinking Selyse is ugly (even though, the way she's described...) or doing it just to have magical assassins.His apology was probably the best thing about this episode for him.I can see why they used the fetuses (to remind people of the stillborns), but it is kinda cruel to think Stannis would not give his unborn sons a proper burial. Makes him look like the head of the Adams family, really. At the same time, people (especially mothers) should be able to sympathize with him a little - having so many stillborn children is just too much, you wouldn't wish it upon anyone.'Davos is rotting in a dungeon' - please, he isn't... He was put in the dungeon (in good circumstances) to recover from almost dying and be protected from himself (it is a logical assumption to think he could have gone mad having spent so much time on a rock), besides Stannis didn't even put him there personally (as opposed to the show).The relationship with his wife is far more interesting than in the book, so at the very least, it should make him more interesting to people.'I believed that once' - Stannis, giving up? Please, his strength and resolve is the reason so many of us like him so much.I enjoyed his scenes and the amount of screentime he got, but I think a lot of viewers will simply remember the creepiness and awkwardness about him displayed in this episode rather than anything else.How did you conclude that was Stannis' doing? I thought it was fairly obvious in that scene that it was Selyse who kept the stillborns... Anyhow, they did a good job of humanizing Stannis this episode.
1176	shiola	2013-04-29	I liked Stannis a lot this episode.  <3  And I shall like him more when he has his talk to Davos in the dungeons and they go back to being BFF again.
1177	ImpudentLittleWench	2013-04-29	From the ways things are shaping up, I think I might end up liking TV!Stannis more than Book!Stannis...What is happening to me?!I already am, in the show he's kind of a sad sack, but I was never a big fan of Stannis in the books anyways.Wish they could work in the Proudwing speech somehow.
1178	shiola	2013-04-29	Show Stannis is incredibly unlikeable.  The dude wouldn't even hug his daughter back.  But i'm cool with this because i don't like Stannis in the books either and don't really understand why a lot of people do like him.  He's dull, one dimensional, totally cool with human sacrifice, and never smiles.  Such a douche.Wut.
1179	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I think part of why people like Stannis is because there's so little ambiguity to him. He might be a little cold, but he offers a bit of stability and predictability in the world of double crossing and backstabbing. He's like a less warm Ned lol
1180	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	The fetuses were ridiculous.  I'm irked with how he's treating Davos and Shireen.  I hate the implication that he never sees his daughter.
It was ok that he apologized to Selsye I guess.  
Im not impressed.
1181	Pyrrhus	2013-04-29	Yes and no. There were bits that gave him some redemption, but also some bad things. In the end, it will depend on what people choose to remember and talk about, and it is in human nature to remember and focus on the bad and / or shocking.Selyse probably isn't ugly enough, tbh Tara Fitzgerald isn't ugly at all... But okay, since the fetuses show he's been trying and the show doesn't establish he shirks away from her as much as the books do, I suppose I can live with it. That he wants a son is probably a better reason for doing Mel than thinking Selyse is ugly (even though, the way she's described...) or doing it just to have magical assassins.His apology was probably the best thing about this episode for him.I can see why they used the fetuses (to remind people of the stillborns), but it is kinda cruel to think Stannis would not give his unborn sons a proper burial. Makes him look like the head of the Adams family, really. At the same time, people (especially mothers) should be able to sympathize with him a little - having so many stillborn children is just too much, you wouldn't wish it upon anyone.'Davos is rotting in a dungeon' - please, he isn't... He was put in the dungeon (in good circumstances) to recover from almost dying and be protected from himself (it is a logical assumption to think he could have gone mad having spent so much time on a rock), besides Stannis didn't even put him there personally (as opposed to the show).The relationship with his wife is far more interesting than in the book, so at the very least, it should make him more interesting to people.'I believed that once' - Stannis, giving up? Please, his strength and resolve is the reason so many of us like him so much.I enjoyed his scenes and the amount of screentime he got, but I think a lot of viewers will simply remember the creepiness and awkwardness about him displayed in this episode rather than anything else.I'd blame the fetuses more on Seylse. One thing I noticed in the TV show is that Stannis pretty much turns his back to the jars the entire episode, even when his wife goes to them and speaks to them. He even shakes his head, as if he's pitying the fact that his wife is literally on the verge of stark-raving-mad, if not already at that point. At one point in the beginning when he first enters their bedchambers, it looks as though he glimpses at the jars and quickly closes his eyes in disgust and looks away. The only problem with this, is book Stannis would NEVER allow his wife to keep them, not for her sake, not for any sake. But I can accept book Stannis and TV Stannis are different. It's not as though they need to be mirror images, if we don't like TV Stannis book Stannis is still the same man.
1182	Eucratides_Megas	2013-04-29	do any dbz fans think stannis is similar to vegeta ?I guess that would make Goku Robert and Renly....Tarble? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Goku wasn't Vegeta's bro but he might as well have been with their relationship. I see some similarities...but more in the way they grow on you over time as opposed to 1 for 1 personality characteristics. Stannis is a lot more introspective and personally complex than Vegeta.They are both favorite characters of mine. I still have to make that Vegeta music video.
1183	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-29	This humanized Stannis more than any scene on the show so far. I agree with Elio's review, it was the best stuff so far featuring the Dragonstone gang (including the Blackwater)
1184	LuisDantas	2013-04-29	They are going out of their way to excuse Stannis in the TV series.  Albeit at the expense of making Selyse a full-out nutjob.
Although I suppose that is not completely out of synch with the books, either.  For all we know the couple _had_ such a conversation.
Loved Shireen, though /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1185	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835They are going out of their way to excuse Stannis in the TV series.  Albeit at the expense of making Selyse a full-out nutjob.Although I suppose that is not completely out of synch with the books, either.  For all we know the couple _had_ such a conversation.Loved Shireen, though /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Howso? I thought the novels excused Stannis FAR more than the TV series does.
1186	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	Major improvement over episode 3.
1187	Warhawk137	2013-04-30	Well, rather than "excusing" or "damning" Stannis, I think this episode just goes a long way towards justifying his character.  The guy was a bit screwed up before, no doubt, but he always came off kind of flat because he really didn't seem to have a good reason to be.  Stannis is perpetually dour, Stannis is a zealot, Stannis is obsessed with having an heir, because.......?
Well, now we have our answer.  Granted, our answer is slightly horrifying, but it's an answer, and I think we understand Stannis a bit more because of that.
1188	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	I didn't realize the show canon had Davos already named as Hand of the King.  That's a bit disappointing.  Also, the guy calling Stannis a douche really doesn't know the meaning of the word.  The biggest douche in the world of Ice and Fire is certainly Daario.
1189	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	I didn't realize the show canon had Davos already named as Hand of the King.  That's a bit disappointing.  Also, the guy calling Stannis a douche really doesn't know the meaning of the word.  The biggest douche in the world of Ice and Fire is certainly Daario.How can Stannis be a douche though? Really out of character for him.
1190	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	I'm not too surprised when someone actually calls Stannis a 'douche'. After all, "if you told them he'd turned into a boar to slay his brother, they would believe that too."How did you conclude that was Stannis' doing? I thought it was fairly obvious in that scene that it was Selyse who kept the stillborns...Yeah, it was, but I don't think Stannis would allow it.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 05:43 AM.
1191	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	I'm not too surprised when someone actually calls Stannis a 'douche'. After all, "if you told them he'd turned into a boar to slay his brother, they would believe that too."Yeah, it was, but I don't think Stannis would allow it.Agreed, he wouldn't allow it. Not in the books.
1192	BastardSnow	2013-04-30	I don't necessarily care for the actor that plays Stannis or how he's been portrayed on the show. Every time a Stannis scene comes up I just cringe.
1193	SerMudz	2013-04-30	I don't necessarily care for the actor that plays Stannis or how he's been portrayed on the show. Every time a Stannis scene comes up I just cringe.Stephen Dillane is fantastic
1194	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-30	This humanized Stannis more than any scene on the show so far. I agree with Elio's review, it was the best stuff so far featuring the Dragonstone gang (including the Blackwater)Yeah, Ran nailed that. One nice touch was when Selyse clearly did not want Stannis to see Shireen. Westerosi mothers are generally much more involved in child rearing than fathers, and girls are generally valued less than boys. Yet, it is Stannis who apparently cares for Shireen at some level, and his wife who does not. But despite her madness, etc.., Stannis was loyal to Selyse until Melisandre, and even then, he couldn't stand the guilt so he confessed.It's a really nice backstory to make his conversion to the guy who frees Davos, and admits his mistakes, more credible.
1195	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I liked human Stannis (is that an oxymoron?). He was still cold, rigid and awkward, and his scene with Shireen was unintentional comedy as well. But I got more of a sense of his motivations than previously in the show.
Also this:
"Did you win?"
"...Nope" 
I laughed so hard at that. Understatement of the century!
1196	'96Buck	2013-04-30	From what I read, Galad's character: extravagant, social, good with people. Unless he experienced a change of character in the series? I stopped reading at a certain point, but unless that dude became a dead serious guy who is bad with his people skills I can't imagine him being anything like Stannis.One of you has the wrong son of Queen Morgase that starts with G.  One of them is like Stannis that ends up joining/leading the Whitecloaks, the other becomes a Warder IIRC.
					
					
							Edited by '96Buck, 30 April 2013 - 02:08 PM.
1197	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-30	I liked human Stannis (is that an oxymoron?). He was still cold, rigid and awkward, and his scene with Shireen was unintentional comedy as well. But I got more of a sense of his motivations than previously in the show.Also this:"Did you win?""...Nope"I laughed so hard at that. Understatement of the century!Agreed! I loved the moment when Shireen hugged him and he had this brief freaked out look.
1198	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	I liked human Stannis (is that an oxymoron?). He was still cold, rigid and awkward, and his scene with Shireen was unintentional comedy as well. But I got more of a sense of his motivations than previously in the show.Also this:"Did you win?""...Nope"I laughed so hard at that. Understatement of the century!How is it an oxymoron? Stannis isn't evil by any means. May have been a bit too angry when the series started but he's definitely not a bad guy.And his scene with Shireen was nice. Cold rigid Stannis showing he loves his daughter, and the way she got up to meet him shows there isn't any 'awkwardness in there.' People have been viewing the scene wrongly so much. That's just how Stannis talks. And he sounded more chill talking to her than he is with others who aren't Davos.Loved the "Nope". As if he was answering a question more along the lines of "Did you have fun today, daddy?".
1199	AliKat	2013-04-30	As a non-Stannis book or show fan - yes this episode showed some redemption for the character. Seeing him with his daughter was a little bit endearing. And the fact that she is the first person on the show to make Stannis Baratheon smile was really sweet.
Shireen is super cute on the show (character wise) which is strange considering who her parents are lol Her with Davos - ADORBS.
1200	AliKat	2013-04-30	It showed the 'if I lose, win the throne for my daughter' side of Stannis. Although I think Shireen would be shredded if she attempted to take the throne. She's too sweet.
1201	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	Stannis is a hero.
I hate how Renly made fun of Shireen. How could you, Renly?
					
					
							Edited by Toxspecific, 30 April 2013 - 02:22 PM.
1202	Thelastactionhero	2013-04-30	Anyone notice how the "Inside the Episodes" never make any mention of Stannis most of the time? And on the rare occasions they do the analysis is predominantly negative? Some really interesting things happened with him in this episode, and DwD spent no time talking about Stannis' arc, or the introduction of his family into the mix. That being said, I thought that this episode went a long way in making up for what happened on the beach. Stannis is still villanized in some capacity, but these scenes gave clearer insight into his character, and if nothing else, made him a more three dimensional figure. Should this arc continue to develop in this fashion, his inner conflicts, and his ultimate decision to save the Wall might actually be stunningly moving. We'll see though. Not holding my breath, as I could see them make attempts at villainizing him even when he saves the realm at the end of the damn book.
					
					
							Edited by Thelastactionhero, 30 April 2013 - 02:26 PM.
1203	Mammothsbane	2013-04-30	Anyone notice how the "Inside the Episodes" never make any mention of Stannis most of the time? And on the rare occasions they do the analysis is predominantly negative? Some really interesting things happened with him in this episode, and DwD spent no time talking about Stannis' arc, or the introduction of his family into the mix. That being said, I thought that this episode went a long way in making up for what happened on the beach. Stannis is still villanized in some capacity, but these scenes gave clearer insight into his character, and if nothing else, made him a more three dimensional figure. Should this arc continue to develop in this fashion, his inner conflicts, and his ultimate decision to save the Wall might actually be stunningly moving. We'll see though. Not holding my breath, as I could see them make attempts at villainizing him even when he saves the realm at the end of the damn book.it's been discussed before that D&D do not like Stannis
1204	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	it's been discussed before that D&D do not like StannisI think it was just DB Weiss who doesn't like Stannis.
1205	King of Winters	2013-04-30	I like how it shows Stannis loves Shireen and cares of her but also shows how awkward it is for him as well. Makes me feel sorry for Stannis, he's just lost the Battle of Blackwater and he seems to be having problems with his wife and he doesn't really know how to show his affection to his daughter.
1206	Nezzer	2013-04-30	Yeah, I also think D&D don't like Stannis, but I think they are just "Jaime-ing" him in the show, making him more sympathetic slowly as the show progresses. His speech about duty will probably make him grow on most non-readers when they learn that Stannis doesn't actually want the throne.
1207	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	Yeah, I also think D&D don't like Stannis, but I think they are just "Jaime-ing" him in the show, making him more sympathetic slowly as the show progresses. His speech about duty will probably make him grow on most non-readers when they learn that Stannis doesn't actually want the throne.That will be an interesting scene.  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />    If it is ever shown.
1208	Nezzer	2013-04-30	That will be an interesting scene.  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />	If it is ever shown.I'm not really sure if that part will be in, but in one of the trailers we could hear Stannis saying "the darkness will devour them all, unless I triumph" and "we do not choose our destiny, we must do our duty, no? Great or small we must do or duty". So I think it will be in.
1209	Nezzer	2013-04-30	Actually, I don't think D&D let their personal feelings about a character get in the way of how they portray a character. Back in season 2 they say Jaime is a monster, and they are doing a great job with Jaime this season. Maybe they just say in those "inside the episode" videos only what it was already available for the average non-reader at that point. Saying Jaime was a monster just because they had just shown him killing his cousin, and saying Stannis would be a terrible king because he deals with black magic and killed his brother. Maybe they want to avoid influencing the non-readers' feelings about a character by telling them qualities they haven't shown yet. I don't know. Still, they don't seem to like Stannis much.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 30 April 2013 - 03:27 PM.
1210	Penguin king	2013-04-30	Yeah, I also think D&D don't like Stannis, but I think they are just "Jaime-ing" him in the show, making him more sympathetic slowly as the show progresses. His speech about duty will probably make him grow on most non-readers when they learn that Stannis doesn't actually want the throne.That's the part that annoys me about book stannis. "I don't want the throne but i'll gladly sacrifice the lives of my brother, my nephew andhalf the kingdom to get it"  I'm glad that TV Stannis actually seems to want the thing he's happy for other people to die for.
1211	trearu	2013-04-30	Stannis is now to me (finally) a full fledged character.
The way he suppressed his emotions through his pride is just what his personality needed.
					
					
							Edited by trearu, 30 April 2013 - 03:49 PM.
1212	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	That's the part that annoys me about book stannis. "I don't want the throne but i'll gladly sacrifice the lives of my brother, my nephew andhalf the kingdom to get it"  I'm glad that TV Stannis actually seems to want the thing he's happy for other people to die for.That's the main reason why I consider Stannis a raging hypocrite. I wont elaborate though, E-Ro has spies everywhere.
1213	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	That's the part that annoys me about book stannis. "I don't want the throne but i'll gladly sacrifice the lives of my brother, my nephew andhalf the kingdom to get it"  I'm glad that TV Stannis actually seems to want the thing he's happy for other people to die for.I thought that was kind of Stannis's whole thing. That's how dutiful he is. He holds duty, responsibility, and justice above even his own family. He'll do what he thinks he has to do, no matter how much he hates it. It makes him seem hypocritical but I think it's more of a weirdly compulsive desire to do the dutiful thing
1214	Nezzer	2013-04-30	I thought that was kind of Stannis's whole thing. That's how dutiful he is. He holds duty, responsibility, and justice above even his own family. He'll do what he thinks he has to do, no matter how much he hates it. It makes him seem hypocritical but I think it's more of a weirdly compulsive desire to do the dutiful thingThis. King Stannis is my God and he is NOT a hypocrite.
1215	Mammothsbane	2013-04-30	That's the part that annoys me about book stannis. "I don't want the throne but i'll gladly sacrifice the lives of my brother, my nephew andhalf the kingdom to get it"  I'm glad that TV Stannis actually seems to want the thing he's happy for other people to die for.I never really thought he does these things for the throne itself. He thinks he is the king. He does it because they aren't doing their duties by following. He is the king. You serve the king. If you don't, you are punished. That seems to be Stannis' whole MO.
1216	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	That's the part that annoys me about book stannis. "I don't want the throne but i'll gladly sacrifice the lives of my brother, my nephew andhalf the kingdom to get it"  I'm glad that TV Stannis actually seems to want the thing he's happy for other people to die for.I agree. It's a far more honest portrayal and I doubt we will hear him say "I don't want it" or it will shown to be full of all the hypocrisy it should contain. No one willingly sacrifices those he cares for and perhaps even themselves for something they really don't want. That's so illogical, I don't even know where to begin.Interestingly, no one picked up on the sarcasm in my earlier reply.
1217	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	I thought that was kind of Stannis's whole thing. That's how dutiful he is. He holds duty, responsibility, and justice above even his own family. He'll do what he thinks he has to do, no matter how much he hates it. It makes him seem hypocritical but I think it's more of a weirdly compulsive desire to do the dutiful thingI never really thought he does these things for the throne itself. He thinks he is the king. He does it because they aren't doing their duties by following. He is the king. You serve the king. If you don't, you are punished. That seems to be Stannis' whole MO.At this point, Stannis needs the fight for the throne or he has nothing in his life. He will call it duty, he will call it his right, he will call it unwanted but he will not stop calling it or he will have a breakdown that I doubt he could recover from. The fight for the throne gives his life a purpose he never was able to achieve before and he believes winning it will make him respected and important since he feels he's been treated poorly all his life.The show has Shireen giving Stannis a more human face but it doesn't redeem his most serious crime: self delusion.
1218	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	A perfect example of how it's not so much hypocrisy(was that the sarcasm?) as it is his ridiculous adherence to duty (real or imagined) is his enduring annoyance at being given dragonstone and not being made hand. In his mind it was Robert's duty to give him storm's end as he was the elder. In his mind it was Robert's duty to look to his family for the responsibility of hand, not his best friend. He cares more about people doing what is expected of them than if it's a nice thing to do. He believes it's expected of him to sit the throne and so he will try to sit it, regardless of if he wants to or not. His confession to his wife this episode shows that too. He didn't have to say anything to her and for as crazy as she is, he probably didn't want to. But it's not about what he wants. His conscience tells him it's his duty to confess to her and he puts up with her weird fetus jars to do it.
1219	Fragon	2013-04-30	I agree. It's a far more honest portrayal and I doubt we will hear him say "I don't want it" or it will shown to be full of all the hypocrisy it should contain. No one willingly sacrifices those he cares for and perhaps even themselves for something they really don't want. That's so illogical, I don't even know where to begin.Interestingly, no one picked up on the sarcasm in my earlier reply.Maybe it appears illogical to you but I find it quite understandable. Stannis has to take the throne it's his duty to1) The realm : he has to serve it, protect it, not let it screwed up/bankrupted/divided by some powerhungry bastards,2) To Robert : if he lets bastardbron Lannisters sit it, and it is later revealed in the History, Stannis will be blamed for not protecting Robert's legacy and letting him mocked as an utter fool,3) To his daughter : who can deny her the righ to inherit the Throne, she's on the rightful line of sucession, similar to the Robert's case.I think Stannis grew up hoding laws as a moral code. Maybe saying 'he doesn't want the throne' isn't the best formulation, it could be 'his desire isn't to sit the Throne', I think what he truly wants is to play his duty to the end, and to do his duty he needs to sit on the throne.
					
					
							Edited by Fragon, 30 April 2013 - 05:23 PM.
1220	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	I would say Stannis going after the throne is more like Jon infiltrating the wildlings. It's not something he wants to do, but it's his duty, and if that involves killing people (Qhorin Halfhand/Renly) then it's something you have to do. Book Stannis certainly didn't want to kill his only remaining brother, but he felt he had to. I've missed that in TV Stannis - you've pretty much had to be a book reader to pick up on those few hints they've given to that side of his character - but I think things are moving in that direction now, and I like it.Stannis is all about doing the right thing. Not the popular thing, or the smart thing, or the kind and merciful thing - the right thing according to law and tradition, what the rules say you should do.
1221	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	That's the part that annoys me about book stannis. "I don't want the throne but i'll gladly sacrifice the lives of my brother, my nephew andhalf the kingdom to get it"  I'm glad that TV Stannis actually seems to want the thing he's happy for other people to die for.He didn't sacrifice the life of his nephew and even agreed with Davos that not sacrificing him was the right thing to do. Renly would have simply killed Stannis, and so would the others, you think they'd let him live and remain a threat to their so-called claim? Everyone is sacrificing lives to uphold their 'claim', the difference between Stannis and the others is that he didn't choose to be at war, the others declared war on him by denying his claim. Stop making such false accusations and pretending Stannis is worse than everyone else, including Renly who only based his 'right to rule' on his army.This. King Stannis is my God and he is NOT a hypocrite.Indeed. He wants to do his duty, and his duty involves talking the throne. His duty is the end, the throne is not an end in itself, it just happens to be because it's his duty.The show has Shireen giving Stannis a more human face but it doesn't redeem his most serious crime: self delusion.He is not self delusional. He does not believe he is Azor Ahai, but he does believe he's the King, which he is.A perfect example of how it's not so much hypocrisy(was that the sarcasm?) as it is his ridiculous adherence to duty (real or imagined) is his enduring annoyance at being given dragonstone and not being made hand. In his mind it was Robert's duty to give him storm's end as he was the elder. In his mind it was Robert's duty to look to his family for the responsibility of hand, not his best friend. He cares more about people doing what is expected of them than if it's a nice thing to do. He believes it's expected of him to sit the throne and so he will try to sit it, regardless of if he wants to or not. His confession to his wife this episode shows that too. He didn't have to say anything to her and for as crazy as she is, he probably didn't want to. But it's not about what he wants. His conscience tells him it's his duty to confess to her and he puts up with her weird fetus jars to do it.His adherence to duty is not ridiculous, and it is certainly not imagined. We all know the he is the King.Stannis served Robert well. He defended Storm's End, built the Royal Fleet and conquered Dragonstone. Then later he defeated the Iron Fleet. Why would he not be given Storm's End? For the same reason Robert befouled his wedding bed on his wedding night. Robert hated and disrespected him for no particular reason, even Cersei says giving him Dragonstone was meant as a slight.It's not just 'in his mind' that he had to be given Storm's End, such was the custom. Do you not want to receive your just reward when you do a good job?How are the things Robert did 'a nice thing to do'?I consider the fetus jars non-canon... The rest of the last bit of your post is however correct.Maybe it appears illogical to you but I find it quite understandable. Stannis has to take the throne it's his duty to1) The realm : he has to serve it, protect it, not let it screwed up/bankrupted/divided by some powerhungry bastards,2) To Robert : if he lets bastardbron Lannisters sit it, and it is later revealed in the History, Stannis will be blamed for not protecting Robert's legacy and letting him mocked as an utter fool,3) To his daughter : who can deny her the righ to inherit the Throne, she's on the rightful line of sucession, similar to the Robert's case.I think Stannis grew up hoding laws as a moral code. Maybe saying 'he doesn't want the throne' isn't the best formulation, it could be 'his desire isn't to sit the Throne', I think what he truly wants is to play his duty to the end, and to do his duty he needs to sit on the throne.Finally someone who understands this! He also said he's going to avenge Robert and Ned even though he didn't like them, that is also his duty, to repay their murder in blood. Much like Robb, who everyone does have sympathy for.The true problem with Stannis is that everyone holds him to much higher standards than they do other characters...
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 May 2013 - 04:38 AM.
1222	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	He is not self delusional. He does not believe he is Azor Ahai, but he does believe he's the King, which he is.Of course he believes he's the Azor Ahai and all the other things Melisandre has whispered in his ear:The darkness will devour them all, she says. The night that never ends. She talks of prophecies... a hero reborn in the sea, living dragons hatched from dead stone... she speaks of signs and swears they point to me. I never asked for this, no more than I asked to be king. Yet dare I disregard her?<U+0080><U+009D> He ground his teeth. <U+0080><U+009C>We do not choose our destinies. Yet we must... we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty."<U+0080><U+009C>I know the cost! Last night, gazing into that hearth, I saw things in the flames as well. I saw a king, a crown of fire on his brows, burning... burning, Davos. His own crown consumed his flesh and turned him into ash. Do you think I need Melisandre to tell me what that means? Stannis served Robert well. He defended Storm's End, built the Royal Fleet and conquered Dragonstone. Then later he defeated the Iron Fleet. Why would he not be given Storm's End? For the same reason Robert befouled his wedding bed on his wedding night. Robert hated and disrespected him for no particular reason, even Cersei says giving him Dragonstone was meant as a slight. It's not just 'in his mind' that he had to be given Storm's End, such was the custom. Do you not want to receive your just reward when you do a good job?He was rewarded. He was given Dragonstone because that is the seat of the heir to the throne. Robert designated Stannis his heir through that act. Paying attention to what Cersei thinks is ridiculous since she has proven she doesn't understand strategic moves. Even Martin has stated that Stannis is wrong in his interpretation of these events and that Robert had been very generous. Stannis does feel slighted. He feels slighted that Robert didn't acknowledge his acts, he feels slighted that he didn't get Storm's End, he feels slighted that he wasn't made hand, he feels slighted about everything. His belief that he is not appreciated is a crucial motivating factor for Stannis.
1223	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	He was rewarded. He was given Dragonstone because that is the seat of the heir to the throne. Robert designated Stannis his heir through that act. Paying attention to what Cersei thinks is ridiculous since she has proven she doesn't understand strategic moves. Even Martin has stated that Stannis is wrong in his interpretation of these events and that Robert had been very generous. Stannis does feel slighted. He feels slighted that Robert didn't acknowledge his acts, he feels slighted that he didn't get Storm's End, he feels slighted that he wasn't made hand, he feels slighted about everything. His belief that he is not appreciated is a crucial motivating factor for Stannis.At the time he was given Dragonstone, just after the rebellion, this was true. But as time passed by, the situation changed. Once Robert had children (well, they were officially his children) Stannis was no longer the heir. Meanwhile, Storm's End, the seat of the lord of the Stormlands, was ruled by Renly. Would he have given it up to Stannis once Dragonstone became the seat of Robert's son? What about the next generation - if both Stannis and Renly had children, who would've inherited Storm's End? The Stormlands being ruled from Dragonstone seems awkward. Would Renly's child get the title ahead of Stannis' child? Or was Robert planning on Tommen having it? If Stannis had been sitting firm in Storm's End, it would've been a much less complicated situation.
1224	Toxspecific	2013-05-01	At the time he was given Dragonstone, just after the rebellion, this was true. But as time passed by, the situation changed. Once Robert had children (well, they were officially his children) Stannis was no longer the heir. Meanwhile, Storm's End, the seat of the lord of the Stormlands, was ruled by Renly. Would he have given it up to Stannis once Dragonstone became the seat of Robert's son? What about the next generation - if both Stannis and Renly had children, who would've inherited Storm's End? The Stormlands being ruled from Dragonstone seems awkward. Would Renly's child get the title ahead of Stannis' child? Or was Robert planning on Tommen having it? If Stannis had been sitting firm in Storm's End, it would've been a much less complicated situation.All of us in the ASOIAF fanbase knows Stannis' campaign is officially unlawful, but in truth it is lawful.
1225	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	At the time he was given Dragonstone, just after the rebellion, this was true. But as time passed by, the situation changed. Once Robert had children (well, they were officially his children) Stannis was no longer the heir. Meanwhile, Storm's End, the seat of the lord of the Stormlands, was ruled by Renly. Would he have given it up to Stannis once Dragonstone became the seat of Robert's son? What about the next generation - if both Stannis and Renly had children, who would've inherited Storm's End? The Stormlands being ruled from Dragonstone seems awkward. Would Renly's child get the title ahead of Stannis' child? Or was Robert planning on Tommen having it? If Stannis had been sitting firm in Storm's End, it would've been a much less complicated situation.According to Martin, both Storm's End and Dragonstone belong to Robert and Martin states that Robert would have been well within his rights to give one to each son. Since Robert dies before his sons reach the age of majority, we can only guess but he would have had to redistribute everything once Joffrey reached 16 since he would be given Dragonstone. It was a seat of honor regardless of what Stannis thought.
1226	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	Of course he believes he's the Azor Ahai and all the other things Melisandre has whispered in his ear:The darkness will devour them all, she says. The night that never ends. She talks of prophecies... a hero reborn in the sea, living dragons hatched from dead stone... she speaks of signs and swears they point to me. I never asked for this, no more than I asked to be king. Yet dare I disregard her?<U+0080><U+009D> He ground his teeth. <U+0080><U+009C>We do not choose our destinies. Yet we must... we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty."<U+0080><U+009C>I know the cost! Last night, gazing into that hearth, I saw things in the flames as well. I saw a king, a crown of fire on his brows, burning... burning, Davos. His own crown consumed his flesh and turned him into ash. Do you think I need Melisandre to tell me what that means?That second quote doesn't really mean he thinks he's AA. I think it just means he knows this war will kill him.He was rewarded. He was given Dragonstone because that is the seat of the heir to the throne. Robert designated Stannis his heir through that act. Paying attention to what Cersei thinks is ridiculous since she has proven she doesn't understand strategic moves. Even Martin has stated that Stannis is wrong in his interpretation of these events and that Robert had been very generous. Stannis does feel slighted. He feels slighted that Robert didn't acknowledge his acts, he feels slighted that he didn't get Storm's End, he feels slighted that he wasn't made hand, he feels slighted about everything. His belief that he is not appreciated is a crucial motivating factor for Stannis.When did Martin say Stannis was wrong in his interpretation? I'd be interested to see the quote. I wouldn't say Robert was generous. He straight up admits he doesn't love his brothers and loves Ned instead. I don't understand why you'd think Robert was secretly giving all this affection to his brothers. He wasn't. He thanked Ned when the siege of Storms End was lifted. He then gave Storms End to Renly. He then blamed Stannis for letting the Targs escape Dragonstone even though they had left long before he was ordered to do it.
1227	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	[/i]When did Martin say Stannis was wrong in his interpretation? I'd be interested to see the quote. I wouldn't say Robert was generous. He straight up admits he doesn't love his brothers and loves Ned instead. I don't understand why you'd think Robert was secretly giving all this affection to his brothers. He wasn't. He thanked Ned when the siege of Storms End was lifted. He then gave Storms End to Renly. He then blamed Stannis for letting the Targs escape Dragonstone even though they had left long before he was ordered to do it.http://www.westeros....theon_Brothers/We discussed whether Robert loved his brother Renly or not. Haaruk thought so, while I never envisioned their relationship as more than lukewarm. (Jaime said Robert hardly could stomach his brothers (plural form)). Which is correct?There are many different kinds of love. Robert was dutiful toward his brothers, and no doubt loved them in a way... but he didn't necessarily like them. His relations with Stannis were always prickly. Renly was the baby of the family, and spent little time in Robert's company until he was old enough to come to court. I suspect Robert was fond of the boy, but not especially close to him.Stannis always resented being given Dragonstone while Renly got Storm's End, and took that as a slight... but it's not necessarily true that Robert meant it that way. The Targaryen heir apparent had always been titled Prince of Dragonstone. By making Stannis the Lord of Dragonstone, Robert affirmed his brother's status as heir (which he was, until Joff's birth a few years later). Robert could just as lawfully retained both castles for his sons, and made Joffrey the Prince of Dragonstone and Tommen the Lord of Storm's End. Giving them to his brothers instead was another instance of his great, but rather careless, generosity.eta:That second quote doesn't really mean he thinks he's AA. I think it just means he knows this war will kill him.The second and the first both show he bought into the prophecy completely (part of which is that he is the AA).
					
					
							Edited by Ser Pounce FTW, 01 May 2013 - 10:29 AM.
1228	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	According to Martin, both Storm's End and Dragonstone belong to Robert and Martin states that Robert would have been well within his rights to give one to each son. Since Robert dies before his sons reach the age of majority, we can only guess but he would have had to redistribute everything once Joffrey reached 16 since he would be given Dragonstone. It was a seat of honor regardless of what Stannis thought.http://www.westeros....theon_Brothers/We discussed whether Robert loved his brother Renly or not. Haaruk thought so, while I never envisioned their relationship as more than lukewarm. (Jaime said Robert hardly could stomach his brothers (plural form)). Which is correct?There are many different kinds of love. Robert was dutiful toward his brothers, and no doubt loved them in a way... but he didn't necessarily like them. His relations with Stannis were always prickly. Renly was the baby of the family, and spent little time in Robert's company until he was old enough to come to court. I suspect Robert was fond of the boy, but not especially close to him.Stannis always resented being given Dragonstone while Renly got Storm's End, and took that as a slight... but it's not necessarily true that Robert meant it that way. The Targaryen heir apparent had always been titled Prince of Dragonstone. By making Stannis the Lord of Dragonstone, Robert affirmed his brother's status as heir (which he was, until Joff's birth a few years later). Robert could just as lawfully retained both castles for his sons, and made Joffrey the Prince of Dragonstone and Tommen the Lord of Storm's End. Giving them to his brothers instead was another instance of his great, but rather careless, generosity.I don't quite take the same thing away from that quote as you do. Yes, Robert had the right to do whatever he wanted with both castles - but once he did give them to his brothers, could he take them back to give to his sons instead? That's not at all clear. Which is more or less the point I was making, that renly having Storm's End muddied the waters where inheritance was concerned. Would it still go to Shireen? Would she be Lady of the Stormlands once Robert and Stannis were gone, or would Renly's claim be stronger?
1229	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	http://www.westeros....theon_Brothers/We discussed whether Robert loved his brother Renly or not. Haaruk thought so, while I never envisioned their relationship as more than lukewarm. (Jaime said Robert hardly could stomach his brothers (plural form)). Which is correct?There are many different kinds of love. Robert was dutiful toward his brothers, and no doubt loved them in a way... but he didn't necessarily like them. His relations with Stannis were always prickly. Renly was the baby of the family, and spent little time in Robert's company until he was old enough to come to court. I suspect Robert was fond of the boy, but not especially close to him.Stannis always resented being given Dragonstone while Renly got Storm's End, and took that as a slight... but it's not necessarily true that Robert meant it that way. The Targaryen heir apparent had always been titled Prince of Dragonstone. By making Stannis the Lord of Dragonstone, Robert affirmed his brother's status as heir (which he was, until Joff's birth a few years later). Robert could just as lawfully retained both castles for his sons, and made Joffrey the Prince of Dragonstone and Tommen the Lord of Storm's End. Giving them to his brothers instead was another instance of his great, but rather careless, generosity.Thank you.. but that still doesn't change the fact that Stannis got a shit rock in the middle of the sea while baby Renly got the nicer(?) Storms End. I think everyone knew Robert would eventually get an heir, as he had bastards before (thus wasn't impotent).The second and the first both show he bought into the prophecy completely (part of which is that he is the AA).I don't see how the second quote suggests he believes he is AA. He says a crown of fire (which his crown has little golden or bronze flames) consumes him and turns him to ash. He isn't reborn in the flames. They consume him. And the first quote doesn't sell me on it either. "Yet dare I disregard her?" is suggesting that he is unsure, but knows she's powerful. We know she's a moron and wrong, but he doesn't. Stannis is LARGELY atheistic. It's a core character trait. He is skeptical of anything to do with religious undertones. However, Mel is powerful. So I think he is in a bit of a pickle.
1230	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	I don't quite take the same thing away from that quote as you do. Yes, Robert had the right to do whatever he wanted with both castles - but once he did give them to his brothers, could he take them back to give to his sons instead? That's not at all clear. Which is more or less the point I was making, that renly having Storm's End muddied the waters where inheritance was concerned. Would it still go to Shireen? Would she be Lady of the Stormlands once Robert and Stannis were gone, or would Renly's claim be stronger?It is extremely clear. Dragonstone would definitely be given to Joffrey. Martin is saying that person who received Storm's End would most likely depend on many circumstances and would go to who ever Robert thought made the most sense. You are focusing on the Baratheon brothers but it would more than likely have gone to Robert's son, Tommen Baratheon. Shireen would most likely never inherit it unless a lot of other people died.
1231	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Thank you.. but that still doesn't change the fact that Stannis got a shit rock in the middle of the sea while baby Renly got the nicer(?) Storms End. I think everyone knew Robert would eventually get an heir, as he had bastards before (thus wasn't impotent).Interesting that everyone uses Martin's quote that Stannis is a just man as proof but you don't find his quote that Storm's End was not a slight enough to convince you. If he can't, clearly I won't be able to either.
1232	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	Interesting that everyone uses Martin's quote that Stannis is a just man as proof but you don't find his quote that Storm's End was not a slight enough to convince you. If he can't, clearly I won't be able to either.I didn't say that. I just meant that it was a short-sighted gift, given that he was going to lose the castle when Joffrey came of age[presumably] (assuming that Robert kept the Targ traditions, which Martin is implying but who the hell knows. Robert hated the Targs. Why would he even keep their traditions?)
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 01 May 2013 - 10:53 AM.
1233	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	I didn't say that. I just meant that it was a short-sighted gift, given that he was going to lose the castle when Joffrey came of age (assuming that Robert kept the Targ traditions, which Martin is implying but who the hell knows. Robert hated the Targs. Why would he even keep their traditions?)Why wouldn't he? And it's the Targ tradition to give the heir Dragonstone. Otherwise, it is the tradition of Westeros that the first son inherits and then his son. By tradition, neither Stannis nor Renly should have inherited anything. That's the generosity that Martin refers to. It should have gone to his sons. So perhaps it was short sighted in that neither would keep the lands they were given but it still doesn't support Stannis' interpretation. More than likely Robert believed Renly would remain at Storm's End as a family member and adviser once he gave it to Tommen and that Stannis had a different role to play in the future at court or perhaps he would remain at Storm's End as adviser and protector when it passed to Joffrey.
1234	Winter's Prince	2013-05-01	I think by having Shireen show him that boat Dvos gave her shows Stannis that the Onion Knight is not just a servant but a true friend to his family expect Selyse. A man who goes out of his way to help your child and be there for them is a great respect.
More than that I think Stannis was thinking to himself that this man has done a lot for me.
Shireen will be the one to reunite them.
1235	Will&Chrismom	2013-05-01	The whole Stannis thing has always bored me to tears; the show seems to be trying to make him a bit more sympathetic, which is fine, but man, oh man. He is a bad father. It's not enough to love his kid--maybe he ought to insist she not be locked in a tower, and maybe he ought not to crush her spirit by bringing down the hammer so hard about Ser Davos. Poor kid looked devastated, and it only took Stannis two minutes to ruin his daughter's day. He's not much of a dad, but then, he's stellar compared to Tywin Lannister and Craster.
1236	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	The whole Stannis thing has always bored me to tears; the show seems to be trying to make him a bit more sympathetic, which is fine, but man, oh man. He is a bad father. It's not enough to love his kid--maybe he ought to insist she not be locked in a tower, and maybe he ought not to crush her spirit by bringing down the hammer so hard about Ser Davos. Poor kid looked devastated, and it only took Stannis two minutes to ruin his daughter's day. He's not much of a dad, but then, he's stellar compared to Tywin Lannister and Craster.I agree and yet, this is more than book Stannis ever did with his child. Really sad.
1237	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	Of course he believes he's the Azor Ahai and all the other things Melisandre has whispered in his ear:The darkness will devour them all, she says. The night that never ends. She talks of prophecies... a hero reborn in the sea, living dragons hatched from dead stone... she speaks of signs and swears they point to me. I never asked for this, no more than I asked to be king. Yet dare I disregard her?<U+0080><U+009D> He ground his teeth. <U+0080><U+009C>We do not choose our destinies. Yet we must... we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty."<U+0080><U+009C>I know the cost! Last night, gazing into that hearth, I saw things in the flames as well. I saw a king, a crown of fire on his brows, burning... burning, Davos. His own crown consumed his flesh and turned him into ash. Do you think I need Melisandre to tell me what that means?The first quote points to Stannis being scared he will not do his duty if he doesn't listen to Melisandre. He could accept defending the realm is his duty without thinking he's Azor Ahai.The second quote means he believes he's going to die.He was rewarded. He was given Dragonstone because that is the seat of the heir to the throne. Robert designated Stannis his heir through that act. Paying attention to what Cersei thinks is ridiculous since she has proven she doesn't understand strategic moves. Even Martin has stated that Stannis is wrong in his interpretation of these events and that Robert had been very generous. Stannis does feel slighted. He feels slighted that Robert didn't acknowledge his acts, he feels slighted that he didn't get Storm's End, he feels slighted that he wasn't made hand, he feels slighted about everything. His belief that he is not appreciated is a crucial motivating factor for Stannis.Dragonstone was not a reward, it is a tiny, uninhabitable shithole of a castle that yields few riches and fewer bannermen. Besides, Robert had no sons when he gave it as a 'gift', and someone had to rule those places anyway, so calling it generosity when his brothers were the obvious choice makes no sense. Cersei was close enough to Robert to know something like that. Robert didn't designate Stannis his heir, the law did that. That he is not appreciated, is a fact. Robert acknowledges he didn't love his brothers on his deathbed.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 May 2013 - 03:24 PM.
1238	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	Maybe they purposely made him really annoying before, so that when he saves the wall, it has more impact. I feel like they did that with Tyrion too. Made him more pure or whatever so that his post SoS attitude is more jarring.
Sounds like a lot of non-readers think Stannis is a bad guy or whatever. While he's not kind, and was involved in his brother's death, his intentions are not malevolent. And I think they're leading up to showing that he is just trying to do what he believes is his duty/right, although with a certain reluctance.
I don't particularly like Stannis either, but I think it's important that the audience understands his motives. The stuff with the Lord of Light is messing with their impressions of the character, imo.
1239	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	Omg Stannis wants to conquer Westeros because he thinks he's Azor Ahai? But I thought he wanted to conquer it because he was... I don't know, the true Baratheon heir maybe?And I'd expected the ASOIAF fanbase to get over Renly's death already and would like all of them to remind themselves that Renly was going to kill Stannis on the morrow with his much larger usurping army. 
					
					
							Edited by Toxspecific, 02 May 2013 - 12:23 AM.
1240	Anwar	2013-05-02	Dragonstone was not a reward, it is a tiny, uninhabitable shithole of a castle that yields few riches and fewer bannermen. Besides, Robert had no sons when he gave it as a 'gift', and someone had to rule those places anyway, so calling it generosity when his brothers were the obvious choice makes no sense. Cersei was close enough to Robert to know something like that. Robert didn't designate Stannis his heir, the law did that. That he is not appreciated, is a fact. Robert acknowledges he didn't love his brothers on his deathbed.Robert never thought about the political realities of ruling, he mainly thought about the honors and prestige. To him, giving Stannis Dragonstone was his way of saying "Brother, you're my heir so I'm giving you the sign of that so everyone will know", and instead of making it clear that it was just a temporary gift he let Stannis stay Lord of Dragonstone and Renly Lord of Storm's End even after Joffrey and Tommen were born. He made both brothers, who usually wouldn't have gotten anything, Lords in their own right which is more than what most 2nd and 3rd sons ever get. He never considered Stannis would take it as an insult.And seeing how rich some of the Dragonstone bannermen are, I don't think the Island is that lacking in wealth. Just not enough to finance a war.Robert's relationship with Stannis is ironically similar to how Stannis felt about Renly. Did he like Stannis? Heck no. But he did love him. Just like Stannis admitted to loving Renly even though it's clear he didn't like him either.
1241	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	People saying Stannis fights his war because he thinks he's Azor Ahai: major facepalm. How can you blatantly ignore reality just because you don't like a character? Stannis believes himself the true heir to the Baratheon's Throne and that's why he fights the war, this is about as painfully obvious as Joffrey being a vicious *insert expletive here*, Ned being the honourable dude and other facts of the series like that. There's no way you can discredit his campaign by saying he fights it because he thinks he is Azor Ahai.
1242	wolverine	2013-05-02	People saying Stannis fights his war because he thinks he's Azor Ahai: major facepalm. How can you blatantly ignore reality just because you don't like a character? Stannis believes himself the true heir to the Baratheon's Throne and that's why he fights the war, this is about as painfully obvious as Joffrey being a vicious *insert expletive here*, Ned being the honourable dude and other facts of the series like that. There's no way you can discredit his campaign by saying he fights it because he thinks he is Azor Ahai.Even on the show, Ned asserted Stannis' rightful claim to the throne.I liked the scenes with Shireen and do feel that Stannis' character earned some redemption this episode.  Now I forget, does Shireen have greyscale or just some other childhood scars?EDIT:  It was pretty weird how Selyse was trying to sway Stannis away from seeing Shireen.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 02 May 2013 - 01:56 AM.
1243	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	Even on the show, Ned asserted Stannis' rightful claim to the throne.I liked the scenes with Shireen and do feel that Stannis' character earned some redemption this episode.  Now I forget, does Shireen have greyscale or just some other childhood scars?EDIT:  It was pretty weird how Selyse was trying to sway Stannis away from seeing Shireen.Shireen has greyscale.
1244	The Drunkard	2013-05-02	EDIT:  It was pretty weird how Selyse was trying to sway Stannis away from seeing Shireen.According to Bryan Cogman..."Selyse<U+0080><U+0099>s attitude towards her is a bit different. She has a more overt hatred and resentment of her<U+0080><U+0094>she wanted to give Stannis sons, not a deformed daughter."
1245	wolverine	2013-05-02	According to Bryan Cogman..."Selyse<U+0080><U+0099>s attitude towards her is a bit different. She has a more overt hatred and resentment of her<U+0080><U+0094>she wanted to give Stannis sons, not a deformed daughter."I certainly got that impression, but it sure makes her seem like an unnecessarily cold hearted bitch when she tries to convince her husband to not even stop and see their daughter.
1246	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	According to Bryan Cogman..."Selyse<U+0080><U+0099>s attitude towards her is a bit different. She has a more overt hatred and resentment of her<U+0080><U+0094>she wanted to give Stannis sons, not a deformed daughter."I'm surprised that I'm so okay with his change. Motherly love is something even the most bad people in the series can possess and this makes Selyse at par with Cersei despite her lacking the crimes Cersei has committed.... But still I'm okay with it because it does some services to the show and to Stannis' character:1. Shows why he does not like Selyse2. Shows his human side which is definitely there; he loves his daughter unlike Selyse
1247	Lord Varys	2013-05-02	The problem with Selyse's depiction in the show is that her love for her daughter seems to be her one of redeeming quality (since she don't has her mustache in the show), and I'm not sure that it was a good decision to cut it. In TWoW Selyse is most certainly going to declare her daughter Queen Regnant of Westeros. Perhaps Selyse's feelings are going to change on that subject in the show. Since they introduced Shireen my guess is that Stannis is going to declare her to be his heir in front of the public/his court. This could be a touching moment since women seem to have more trouble inheriting a royal seat in the show than in the books. In the book Shireen is Stannis' acknowledged and lawful heir until he fathers a legitimate son. In the show the fact that she is kept hidden and pretty much never mentioned may indicate that her status is not as well-defined as in the book.
Shireen may also be the one who causes Stannis to free Davos and name him his Hand instead of burning him. Both, she and Selyse are going to accompany Stannis to the Wall, which seems to be something that this reclusive version of Selyse might never consent to do. Book Selyse has a rather loud voice in her husband's councils, and my guess is that TV Selyse is going to develop into a more outgoing person in the show as well.
Selyse most likely will argue in favor of Mel's sacrifice idea, perhaps believing that this will somehow help her giving birth to a son, with Davos and Shireen opposing the idea (although Shireen most likely won't be told about the sacrifice stuff - she'll just grow fond of Gendry).
1248	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	If the show makes Shireen a gentle version of Arya, boy that'd be cool!
1249	Maxthestig	2013-05-02	https://www.youtube....h?v=tFF6F5BlV94
Here is what I thought of this weeks episode !
I think Stephen Dilane is so great and charismatic you end up Loving Stannis.
I LOVE HIM
But maybe this shouldn't happen because you aren't suppose to like him.
1250	The Drunkard	2013-05-02	But maybe this shouldn't happen because you aren't suppose to like him.?
1251	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	https://www.youtube....h?v=tFF6F5BlV94Here is what I thought of this weeks episode !I think Stephen Dilane is so great and charismatic you end up Loving Stannis.I LOVE HIMBut maybe this shouldn't happen because you aren't suppose to like him.Wut?Well what you said makes sense in one way, I guess. With characters like Jon Snow and Dany and the Stark kids, people who begin reading the series in a more conventional reader's mindset probably aren't expected to like Stannis that much since he isn't1) Very young with an air of fantasy about him2) Involved with, or showing clear signs of potential of, a lovey dovey romance sometime in the future3) Flashy or radiating badassery (you need to be able to see his subtle badassery)4) No dragons/direwolves5) Doesn't mention his House or its slogan at all; the House aesthetics in this series are what fascinates new fans so much when they pick up a book. They love taking sides; the Starks of Winter vs the Lannisters of Debts (sorry lol) vs the Greyjoys with their pirates theme vs the Targaryens with their Dragon and fire theme.You need to really think about him to like him, I guess. The default 'he's chill, I like him' effect isn't in play here IMO.
1252	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	I'm surprised that I'm so okay with his change. Motherly love is something even the most bad people in the series can possess and this makes Selyse at par with Cersei despite her lacking the crimes Cersei has committed.... But still I'm okay with it because it does some services to the show and to Stannis' character:1. Shows why he does not like Selyse2. Shows his human side which is definitely there; he loves his daughter unlike SelyseGreat scene overall. I appreciated Stannis's guilt over sleeping with Mel, and the turnaround that his wife is not only on board, but gung-ho and encourages Stannis to keep up the good work.Stannis's line to Shireen that Davis is rotting in a cell was awesome too. It kept Stannis from becoming too much of a softie this episode. He's still an iron-fisted, unyielding man who sees things almost always in black and white. Even in a tender moment with his daughter he's not going to skirt around an issue like treason. Nice.
1253	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	People saying Stannis fights his war because he thinks he's Azor Ahai: major facepalm. How can you blatantly ignore reality just because you don't like a character? Stannis believes himself the true heir to the Baratheon's Throne and that's why he fights the war, this is about as painfully obvious as Joffrey being a vicious *insert expletive here*, Ned being the honourable dude and other facts of the series like that. There's no way you can discredit his campaign by saying he fights it because he thinks he is Azor Ahai.It's both.  To this point in ASOS, he's essentially fighting for the crown because he believes it is his by right. But Davos convinces him that his true duty is to go North, to the Wall, to save the Kingdom.   And the reason Stannis thinks he is able to save the Kingdom is because Mel is telling him he that can.  His motivations shift to some extent from being exclusively about his rights, to being more about saving the Kingdom and its people as AA.  It's actually a positive change character-wise because it's about doing what is right for the Kingdom, not just what is right for him.
1254	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-02	5) Doesn't mention his House or its slogan at all; the House aesthetics in this series are what fascinates new fans so much when they pick up a book. They love taking sides; the Starks of Winter vs the Lannisters of Debts (sorry lol) vs the Greyjoys with their pirates theme vs the Targaryens with their Dragon and fire theme.You need to really think about him to like him, I guess. The default 'he's chill, I like him' effect isn't in play here IMO.I disagree there, Stannis very much has a theme ongoing.He is the esoteric candidate, with a very alien mindset.
1255	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	It's both.  To this point in ASOS, he's essentially fighting for the crown because he believes it is his by right. But Davos convinces him that his true duty is to go North, to the Wall, to save the Kingdom.   And the reason Stannis thinks he is able to save the Kingdom is because Mel is telling him he that can.  His motivations shift to some extent from being exclusively about his rights, to being more about saving the Kingdom and its people as AA.  It's actually a positive change character-wise because it's about doing what is right for the Kingdom, not just what is right for him.To Stannis's credit, we don't even know if it took any convincing to save the kingdom. It seems like Davos more or less points out that the Night's Watch is in great peril, which may let loose a flood of tens of thousands of screaming wildlings on the north. At that point Stannis realizes that the greater good of the kindom itself is more important than trying to win the actual iron throne.So he commits his whole army to travel halfway across the continent, away from the actual seat of power. Pretty selfless move.To your point, it's a heck of a statement on Stannis's character. He's not just a greedy jerk who wants the power of being kind. He genuinely feels that it's his duty to act as king. Some of that duty requires him to fight against usurpers and put down rebellions. And some of his duty is to protect the small folk and the kingdom as a whole from foreign invasions. He may be a pain in the neck, but he's genuine.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 02 May 2013 - 12:27 PM.
1256	Spring Snow	2013-05-02	I'm not sure if redemption was even necessary for Stannis at this point, but I enjoyed his scenes this episode. The way he interacted with Shireen was strangely cute, so cold and awkward even after he insisted on seeing her. I'm very okay with the show changing Selyse to be a touch more contemptuous of her daughter if it means another humanizing element for Stannis, since he's a much more important presence in the story than she is.I know Stannis has a lot of devout defenders here and I've come around to him myself but he can be a very off-putting character at first, so Davos and possibly Shireen will be one of the keys to selling him to TV audiences, I think.
1257	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	I'm not sure if redemption was even necessary for Stannis at this point, but I enjoyed his scenes this episode. The way he interacted with Shireen was strangely cute, so cold and awkward even after he insisted on seeing her. I'm very okay with the show changing Selyse to be a touch more contemptuous of her daughter if it means another humanizing element for Stannis, since he's a much more important presence in the story than she is.I know Stannis has a lot of devout defenders here and I've come around to him myself but he can be a very off-putting character at first, so Davos and possibly Shireen will be one of the keys to selling him to TV audiences, I think.I like Stannis in the sense that I can relate to him in some ways. I see myself in his character. Very stubborn, not many social graces, blunt...He's very much one of those people that you don't instantly like. His personality is an acquired taste, so to speak.
1258	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	I disagree there, Stannis very much has a theme ongoing.He is the esoteric candidate, with a very alien mindset.Esoteric candidate is not a big flashy flag or animal emblem. That's my point; the aesthetic aspect isn't there.
1259	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	It's both.  To this point in ASOS, he's essentially fighting for the crown because he believes it is his by right. But Davos convinces him that his true duty is to go North, to the Wall, to save the Kingdom.   And the reason Stannis thinks he is able to save the Kingdom is because Mel is telling him he that can.  His motivations shift to some extent from being exclusively about his rights, to being more about saving the Kingdom and its people as AA.  It's actually a positive change character-wise because it's about doing what is right for the Kingdom, not just what is right for him.Well yes and no man. Thinking its your job to save the realm doesn't mean you think you're some messiah type figure.
					
					
							Edited by Toxspecific, 02 May 2013 - 02:12 PM.
1260	SerMudz	2013-05-02	I'm not sure if redemption was even necessary for Stannis at this point, but I enjoyed his scenes this episode. The way he interacted with Shireen was strangely cute, so cold and awkward even after he insisted on seeing her. I'm very okay with the show changing Selyse to be a touch more contemptuous of her daughter if it means another humanizing element for Stannis, since he's a much more important presence in the story than she is.I know Stannis has a lot of devout defenders here and I've come around to him myself but he can be a very off-putting character at first, so Davos and possibly Shireen will be one of the keys to selling him to TV audiences, I think.I rememebr thinking he was an a**hole in Book 2, but some point on Book 3 I started to see a different side to him. Its so easy to see him early on as just the stero typical jealous middle brother who is just power mad now that his brothers out of the picture. But then he gets so much development through his conversations with Davos and you realise theres so much complexity there - in truth he is hard to like, but for me personally, impossible not to respect and admire. A truly just man who will never give up, will follow the path he believes is right no matter what, even if he knows it will lead to his death. And then of course, when he saves the wall, holy sh*t that scene was just pure epic, goosebumps, awesomeness.
1261	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	Well yes and no man. Thinking its your job to save the realm doesn't mean you think you're some messiah type figure.It doesn't?  Melisandre had him convinced that it had to be him, or the realm couldn't be saved -- that saving the realm required the messiah-type figure to lead.  To Stannis' credit, it never seemed to me that he wanted to be a messiah -- he didn't have any delusions of grandeur.  It seemed more like he viewed it as a duty -- that if he really was AA, he had to go to the Wall and fight.I'd just add that what the writers did with Stannis in this episode went a long way to bringing him back to the guy he was in the book.  This seems to be the pattern, to some extent.  Something happens with a character that we think "oh, they really don't get this", but then a subsequent episode helps correct at least some of that.  I think they did a nice job of that with Cat -- her moment of weakness that she should have loved Jon now looks more like just a temporary emotional breakdown of book Cat, not a different character entirely.I know it is annoying to some when they vary from the book, but to me, it's not as much changing the book as just having the camera on those same characters at different times, so you see different facets of their personality at different times.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 02 May 2013 - 04:20 PM.
1262	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-02	"Best forget him"
The delivery of this line was brilliant. I'm really looking forward to what else the show has in store for Stannis.
1263	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	I didn't really grow that fond of Stannis until after they save the wall. His material at the end of aSoS and in aDwD was great. I think this scene will set him up nicely to become more favorable in the eyes of viewers for when, as a character, he really becomes appealing. His scene at the battle at the wall with his men shouting "STANNIS" will be a bit more effective, I think, after they humanize him a little and becomes more like someone you would root for. That being said I think they went overboard with his previous scene at Dragonstone when Melissandre leaves, but thankfully this one sort of makes up for it. Unfortunately we'll have to wait until S4 for him to leave for Eastwatch, so I'm not entirely sure what the hell he's going to be doing until then, besides possibly freeing Davos.
I think Dillane is a wonderful Stannis and actor in general. Liam Cunningham describes him as meticulous, which you can kind of see. Sort of like Iain Glenn, every facial expression, every movement, and every line seems genuine yet intentional.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 May 2013 - 06:09 PM.
1264	Dove	2013-05-02	I didn't really grow that fond of Stannis until after they save the wall.Same here. I held a grudge for Cressen's treatment a long time, haha, but his appearance in that battle was just too fantastic.If you like Davos it's hard not to eventually like Stannis, since the dude's the #1.5 Team Stannis cheerleader. (probably slapfighting with Mel over #1) Let's face it, if he had a westeros.org account 99% of his posts would be in response to Stannis haters. He's good PR.
1265	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	"Best forget him"The delivery of this line was brilliant. I'm really looking forward to what else the show has in store for Stannis.Yeah - who are you trying to convince there, Stannis?  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1266	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	I've only just realized he tells his, like, 9 year old daughter she grew since the last time he saw her....but it's implied that that's been a while. What'd you expect her to do?! hahaha
1267	Toxspecific	2013-05-03	It doesn't?  Melisandre had him convinced that it had to be him, or the realm couldn't be saved -- that saving the realm required the messiah-type figure to lead.  To Stannis' credit, it never seemed to me that he wanted to be a messiah -- he didn't have any delusions of grandeur.  It seemed more like he viewed it as a duty -- that if he really was AA, he had to go to the Wall and fight.I'd just add that what the writers did with Stannis in this episode went a long way to bringing him back to the guy he was in the book.  This seems to be the pattern, to some extent.  Something happens with a character that we think "oh, they really don't get this", but then a subsequent episode helps correct at least some of that.  I think they did a nice job of that with Cat -- her moment of weakness that she should have loved Jon now looks more like just a temporary emotional breakdown of book Cat, not a different character entirely.I know it is annoying to some when they vary from the book, but to me, it's not as much changing the book as just having the camera on those same characters at different times, so you see different facets of their personality at different times.That's ridiculous. Stannis said, he had a duty towards the realm as a King not as Azor Ahai.Saving the realm isn't solely a messiah type figure's job. If it is then doesn't that make loads of former and current Night's Watch rangers messiah type figures? I hate it when people put 'thoughts' in Stannis' head; he doesn't think he went North to fulfill some prophecy.If he went North because he thought he's Azor Ahai he wouldn't have left the Wall to attack House Bolton; he'd have stayed at the Wall and gone beyond looking for Others.
					
					
							Edited by Toxspecific, 03 May 2013 - 01:59 AM.
1268	Melonica Stormborn	2013-05-03	The beach scene is still poor on its own right, but these new scenes made his overall arc a bit better. I'm still not really sold on this portrayal because TV Stannis seems to be doing things that book Stannis wouldn't do (or would do differently, rather), however, it did show that he's breaking away from Mel's influence, which is for the better. Also,  pairing Shireen with Davos is a good move - it will give Shireen something significant to do on the show and also promises a more impactful learning-to-read arc.
Regardless, Stephen Dillane is doing good work considering the material.  Also, Mel and being AA is a means to an end, at least for book Stannis. He doesn't entirely believe Mel but he knows she's useful and he can't easily disregard the 1% chance that she's right.
					
					
							Edited by Melonica Stormborn, 03 May 2013 - 05:54 AM.
1269	lunadangelo	2013-05-03	I loved episode 5, apart from the Stannis' scene with Selyse. Don't get me wrong, both actors did a good job with the script they were given. But it just doesn't make sense to me.
I think Cogman wanted to get across that Selyse is a zealous believer, hence forgiving Stannis sleeping with Mellisandre, but the whole thing just seems unrealistic to me. Not only did Mellisandre not actually give Stannis a son, she gave him a shadow baby, I don't care how fervent, I can't think of any women cheering her hubby for cheating on her.
Her zealousness could instead have been portrayed by her urging Stannis to burn the Onion Knight for betraying him and as a sacrifice to Rhollor. Shereen could have walked in on that conversation.
Which brings me to the other thing that does not make sense to me, which is that Selyse does not appear to care much for her daughter and the oddness of her saying '' you have come to see her!'' with an undertone of jealousy. Having lost 3 children, you would think that she would cherish her only surviving child, regardless of it's gender.
I do understand that they wanted to show a softer side of Stannis, but that could have easily been achieved by Shereen walking in and him turning around and giving her a big hug.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 03 May 2013 - 06:37 AM.
1270	KhalFrodo	2013-05-03	Just like the overall story in the show, Stannis is getting closer to his book form. His cold demeanor with Selyse and Shireen were classic Stannis and I believe he will have a talk with Davos in the next couple episodes to get back to where he needs to be. ALL HAIL STAN THE MAN!
1271	Associate Maester	2013-05-03	I've really enjoyed Stannis' arc this season.  I separate book and show in my head and I can say I enjoy show Stannis more--as we see the humanity that we get glimpses of in the novels. I don't see why Stannis would need any sort of "redemption."
1272	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-03	Same here. I held a grudge for Cressen's treatment a long time, haha, but his appearance in that battle was just too fantastic.If you like Davos it's hard not to eventually like Stannis, since the dude's the #1.5 Team Stannis cheerleader. (probably slapfighting with Mel over #1) Let's face it, if he had a westeros.org account 99% of his posts would be in response to Stannis haters. He's good PR.Faithful servant #1, please.
1273	flinn	2013-05-03	The Stannis in the show is not the Stannis I remember reading about. I don't care for him much in either.
1274	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	That's ridiculous. Stannis said, he had a duty towards the realm as a King not as Azor Ahai.But then why does he have Melisandre at all?  Why does he keep questioning her as to whether it all really is true?  Why is he willing to kill Edric Storm?  Clearly, he does attach some weight to the AA prophecy, and what it means for defeating evil.  If he believes he is the rightful King, and that he is AA, then I don't see how it is possible to separate the two.I hate it when people put 'thoughts' in Stannis' head; he doesn't think he went North to fulfill some prophecy.You really shouldn't let yourself get so upset over other peoples' opinions.If he went North because he thought he's Azor Ahai he wouldn't have left the Wall to attack House Bolton; he'd have stayed at the Wall and gone beyond looking for Others.He is both.  He needs to unite the realm as King, and then can face down the evil that is coming as AA.  Again, if the AA stuff was irrelevant to him, then none of his actions with Melisandre (other than killing Renly) make any sense.  The AA prophecy is part of what convinces him that the real threat to the realm is coming from beyond the Wall.  So, as King, that's where he needs to go.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 03 May 2013 - 10:43 AM.
1275	Wunhopkuendo	2013-05-03	The beach scene is still poor on its own right, but these new scenes made his overall arc a bit better. I'm still not really sold on this portrayal because TV Stannis seems to be doing things that book Stannis wouldn't do (or would do differently, rather), however, it did show that he's breaking away from Mel's influence, which is for the better. Also,  pairing Shireen with Davos is a good move - it will give Shireen something significant to do on the show and also promises a more impactful learning-to-read arc.Regardless, Stephen Dillane is doing good work considering the material.  Also, Mel and being AA is a means to an end, at least for book Stannis. He doesn't entirely believe Mel but he knows she's useful and he can't easily disregard the 1% chance that she's right.I think the beach scene was perfect. As was the scene when Davos came in. What we see in the books from his march to Winterfell is that he is kind of a sniveling bitch when things aren't going his way. Everyone likes to think that Stannis is all hard core and what not, but he does do a lot of moping. If we could get a POV from him, he probably wouldn't be that much different than Jon, with his constant "poor me" musings.
1276	Mammothsbane	2013-05-03	But then why does he have Melisandre at all?  Why does he keep questioning her as to whether it all really is true?  Why is he willing to kill Edric Storm?  Clearly, he does attach some weight to the AA prophecy, and what it means for defeating evil.  If he believes he is the rightful King, and that he is AA, then I don't see how it is possible to separate the two.Because Stannis is atheistic. Do you think the man who said "I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous as to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed. In King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, the High Septon would prattle at me of how all justice and goodness flowed from the Seven, but all I ever saw of either was made by men."believes he is some messiah figure for a religion from another continent? Come on. He is using Mel as a means to an end. She is powerful, but to think he is some long promised messiah is so far out of character for Stannis it's laughable. He is both.  He needs to unite the realm as King, and then can face down the evil that is coming as AA.  Again, if the AA stuff was irrelevant to him, then none of his actions with Melisandre (other than killing Renly) make any sense.  The AA prophecy is part of what convinces him that the real threat to the realm is coming from beyond the Wall.  So, as King, that's where he needs to go.Going north to save the realm from WIldlings doesn't mean he thinks he is AA. Knowledge of a greater threat beyond the wall doesn't mean he thinks he is AA. If he thought he was AA, he wouldn't have marched on Winterfell. He'd have stayed at the Wall. He is trying to unite the realm, but that has nothing to do with thinking he is a messiah.I think the beach scene was perfect. As was the scene when Davos came in. What we see in the books from his march to Winterfell is that he is kind of a sniveling bitch when things aren't going his way. Everyone likes to think that Stannis is all hard core and what not, but he does do a lot of moping. If we could get a POV from him, he probably wouldn't be that much different than Jon, with his constant "poor me" musings.I don't recall any of this. He is a major try-hard in the books. Regardless of what's going on in his head, he is NEVER seen acting like he did on the beach. He's all teeth grinding and angry eyes. He is a hard ass.
1277	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	I don't think it's that he is so "I am Azor Ahai reborn!" Because if even Jon can point out that he wasn't born at Dragonstone, don't you think Stannis would have realized that after a year or more? No, I think it's that he, like most followers of R'hllor, has seen things that make him feel compelled to believe that this is the real deal. He's seen Melisandre do some crazy shit and have legitimate visions and all this other stuff. So why would he not believe her when she says he's some ancient foretold hero? Stannis is not a religious man. The way he sees it, to not believe her would be stupid because she clearly has SOMETHING going on. So as far as thinking he's AAR, I think Stannis is still pretty nonspiritual, but he does see that there is some legitimacy behind Melisandre's power. Even in the quote given above, he says "all I ever saw of either was made by men." He goes by what he sees. He sees Melisandre's power and so he goes along with it. But I doubt he has had this true inner conversion where he suddenly is like "I am destined to lead this fight!" He thinks that objectively speaking, she has been shown to have some truth behind her religion and so if she says he is AAR, then okay. He will do what is expected of him as a result of that title.I think as soon as it's proven that she's wrong he will ditch that part of his campaign, showing that he never truly believed it in any spiritual sense. If he did, he would not abandon it so easily.
1278	Kernest	2013-05-03	Because Stannis is atheistic. Do you think the man who said"I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous as to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed. In King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, the High Septon would prattle at me of how all justice and goodness flowed from the Seven, but all I ever saw of either was made by men."believes he is some messiah figure for a religion from another continent? Come on. He is using Mel as a means to an end. She is powerful, but to think he is some long promised messiah is so far out of character for Stannis it's laughable.Yeah, the reason I like book Stannis so much is because it's far more obvious that he's just using Mel, though I questioned and still question the choice of trying to become king by adopting a religion differing from the religion of the masses. I just never really understood his rationale behind that, but went with it since Mel does have some powers and he has the unquestioned loyalty of those who've decided to convert.
1279	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	I think Cogman wanted to get across that Selyse is a zealous believer, hence forgiving Stannis sleeping with Mellisandre, but the whole thing just seems unrealistic to me. Not only did Mellisandre not actually give Stannis a son, she gave him a shadow baby, I don't care how fervent, I can't think of any women cheering her hubby for cheating on her.There are plenty of religious cults that have included polygamy, sex with a "master" etc..  It doesn't seem all that implausible to me.Her zealousness could instead have been portrayed by her urging Stannis to burn the Onion Knight for betraying him and as a sacrifice to Rhollor. Shereen could have walked in on that conversation.Sure it could have, but I actually think this makes a more interesting dynamic for Stannis' character.  He ends up in sort of the same place, but gets there a bit differently.Which brings me to the other thing that does not make sense to me, which is that Selyse does not appear to care much for her daughter and the oddness of her saying '' you have come to see her!'' with an undertone of jealousy. Having lost 3 children, you would think that she would cherish her only surviving child, regardless of it's gender.Well, part of the point is that Selyse is sort of nuts, so it doesn't have to make complete sense.  But I think it's perfectly plausible that greyscale Shireen is just as much a symbol of her failure to bear him children as are the dead sons.  Shireen is a living reminder of how flawed her womb is, and her inability to bear healthy children.  So, even though it's not the books, it is consistent with her being a somewhat fanatical religious zealot.I do understand that they wanted to show a softer side of Stannis, but that could have easily been achieved by Shereen walking in and him turning around and giving her a big hug.Again, there are different ways to do that, but I think the way they did it worked pretty well.
1280	TheDarkOne	2013-05-03	Hopefully GRRM will write the song so Stannis can live on after ADOS. It would be awesome if they could do a spin off show of Stannis as the main character and him and Davos having adventures.
1281	Toxspecific	2013-05-03	Hopefully GRRM will write the song so Stannis can live on after ADOS. It would be awesome if they could do a spin off show of Stannis as the main character and him and Davos having adventures.As a huge Stannis fan (massive understatement), Stannis isn't that sort of character really.
1282	lunadangelo	2013-05-03	There are plenty of religious cults that have included polygamy, sex with a "master" etc..  It doesn't seem all that implausible to me.Sure it could have, but I actually think this makes a more interesting dynamic for Stannis' character.  He ends up in sort of the same place, but gets there a bit differently.Well, part of the point is that Selyse is sort of nuts, so it doesn't have to make complete sense.  But I think it's perfectly plausible that greyscale Shireen is just as much a symbol of her failure to bear him children as are the dead sons.  Shireen is a living reminder of how flawed her womb is, and her inability to bear healthy children.  So, even though it's not the books, it is consistent with her being a somewhat fanatical religious zealot.Again, there are different ways to do that, but I think the way they did it worked pretty well.#I agree, it just jarred with me, am sorry to say, especially since it makes Selyse  whollyunlikeable in my view.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 03 May 2013 - 02:38 PM.
1283	Fragon	2013-05-03	I don't think it's that he is so"I am Azor Ahai reborn!" Because if even Jon can point out that he wasn't born at Dragonstone, don't you think Stannis would have realized that after a year or more? No, I think it's that he, like most followers of R'hllor, has seen things that make him feel compelled to believe that this is the real deal. He's seen Melisandre do some crazy shit and have legitimate visions and all this other stuff. So why would he not believe her when she says he's some ancient foretold hero? Stannis is not a religious man. The way he sees it, to not believe her would be stupid because she clearly has SOMETHING going on.So as far as thinking he's AAR, I think Stannis is still pretty nonspiritual, but he does see that there is some legitimacy behind Melisandre's power. Even in the quote given above, he says "all I ever saw of either was made by men." He goes by what he sees. He sees Melisandre's power and so he goes along with it. But I doubt he has had this true inner conversion where he suddenly is like "I am destined to lead this fight!" He thinks that objectively speaking, she has been shown to have some truth behind her religion and so if she says he is AAR, then okay. He will do what is expected of him as a result of that title.I think as soon as it's proven that she's wrong he will ditch that part of his campaign, showing that he never truly believed it in any spiritual sense. If he did, he would not abandon it so easily.^this.It seems to me that most Stannis critisizers fail to notice this : Stannis lived in a world without magic and suddenly this red woman comes and starts doing fucked up stuff, not believing what she says would be as stupid as fully believing what she says.Stannis doubts her powers, this religion, etc, I think it's  pretty clear in most of his quotes or actions. It would be foolish to completely ignore Melisandre, and as of aDwD with the Melisandre POV we know that a big part of her power is true, her visions and stuff but, she's very horrible at interpretation and used a great of simple tricks.I mostly want that the TV show makes clear about some aspects of Stannis' personality, like this doubting side, and dutiful side have not been fully translated. I sometimes fear they'll never be, because some of the important quotes that humanizes and explains Stannis' motives are in Cressen and Davos I chapters of aCoK, and we've been quite past that, I wonder if writers would think of looking back there. There were some good quotes along the aSoS too, I hope they'll be delivered correctly after him releasing Davos, if they include Proudwing and Windproud stories, I'm sure Stannis' personality will appear more clearly to the viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Fragon, 03 May 2013 - 02:52 PM.
1284	Toxspecific	2013-05-05	I fail to see why I even need to answer this; Melisandre supports Stannis. Whatever reasons she has, she is a supporter and she certainly has some power and influence amongst his men.
That is why he needs her.
					
					
							Edited by Toxspecific, 05 May 2013 - 10:32 AM.
1285	jons nissa	2013-05-05	That's ridiculous. Stannis said, he had a duty towards the realm as a King not as Azor Ahai.Saving the realm isn't solely a messiah type figure's job. If it is then doesn't that make loads of former and current Night's Watch rangers messiah type figures? I hate it when people put 'thoughts' in Stannis' head; he doesn't think he went North to fulfill some prophecy.If he went North because he thought he's Azor Ahai he wouldn't have left the Wall to attack House Bolton; he'd have stayed at the Wall and gone beyond looking for Others.Because Stannis is atheistic. Do you think the man who said"I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous as to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed. In King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, the High Septon would prattle at me of how all justice and goodness flowed from the Seven, but all I ever saw of either was made by men."believes he is some messiah figure for a religion from another continent? Come on. He is using Mel as a means to an end. She is powerful, but to think he is some long promised messiah is so far out of character for Stannis it's laughable.Yeah, the reason I like book Stannis so much is because it's far more obvious that he's just using Mel, though I questioned and still question the choice of trying to become king by adopting a religion differing from the religion of the masses. I just never really understood his rationale behind that, but went with it since Mel does have some powers and he has the unquestioned loyalty of those who've decided to convert."You are he who must stand against the Other. The one whose coming was prophesied five thousand years ago. The red comet was your herald. You are the prince that was promised, and if you fail the world fails with you." Melisandre went to him, her red lips parted, her ruby throbbing. "Give me this boy," she whispered, "and I will give you your kingdom."  "The boy is out of my reach," said Davos. "And out of your reach as well, my lady."Her red eyes made him squirm. "I should have left you to the dark, ser. Do you know what you have done?""My duty.""Some might call it treason." Stannis went to the window to stare out into the night. Is he looking for the ship? "I raised you up from dirt, Davos." He sounded more tired than angry. "Was loyalty too much to hope for?""Four of my sons died for you on the Blackwater. I might have died myself. You have my loyalty, always." Davos Seaworth had thought long and hard about the words he said next; he knew his life depended on them. "Your Grace, you made me swear to give you honest counsel and swift obedience, to defend your realm against your foes, to protect your people. Is not Edric Storm one of your people? One of those I swore to protect? I kept my oath. How could that be treason?"Stannis ground his teeth again. "I never asked for this crown. Gold is cold and heavy on the head, but so long as I am the king, I have a duty <U+0080> If I must sacrifice one child to the flames to save a million from the dark <U+0080> Sacrifice <U+0080> is never easy, Davos. Or it is no true sacrifice. Tell him, my lady."Melisandre said, "Azor Ahai tempered Lightbringer with the heart's blood of his own beloved wife. If a man with a thousand cows gives one to god, that is nothing. But a man who offers the only cow he owns . . . ""She talks of cows," Davos told the king. "I am speaking of a boy, your daughter's friend, your brother's son.""A king's son, with the power of kingsblood in his veins."  this scene takes place in a storm of swords, long before stannis ever decides to go to the wall and has no idea who or what the great other is. he is willing to sacrifice edric based solely on melisandre's visions and appears to believe the prophecy that he is the prince that was promised since he uses the prophecy as an excuse for his sacrifices. at this stage of the story, stannis has no idea about the others so it's unclear what darkness he believes he will save the realm from. melisandre is definitely in control here which is why davos acts and removes edric.
1286	Fragon	2013-05-08	this scene takes place in a storm of swords, long before stannis ever decides to go to the wall and has no idea who or what the great other is. he is willing to sacrifice edric based solely on melisandre's visions and appears to believe the prophecy that he is the prince that was promised since he uses the prophecy as an excuse for his sacrifices. at this stage of the story, stannis has no idea about the others so it's unclear what darkness he believes he will save the realm from. melisandre is definitely in control here which is why davos acts and removes edric.I don't agree, Melisandre promised that 3 kings will die, and they died, she gave bith to 2 shadow babies, she drank Strangler as if it was water.Stannis has seen or knows about these things Melisandre has done, we know as readers that some of them are silly tricks or faked but from Stannis' POV, Melisandre has done some really powerful stuff. And these in a world where magic was known to be gone. I think it would be foolish in this situation for Stannis to not at least doubt the truth of what Melisandre says. And she tried really hard to just make him say "If I must ..."And Davos has already smuggled Edric by the time that scene happened, because he knew if Joffrey died too, Stannis would probably convinced Melisandre telling the truth.I think Stannis neither completely believes or disbelieves these stuff, he doubts them and if there's enough proof in one side, he leans trought that way I think.
1287	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	He fears he won't do his duty if it somehow turns out to be his duty to defend the realm of men, the importance of doing his duty and the fear of not doing it is great enough in him to rather 'take the risk' it might be wrong than take the risk he won't do his duty. And yes, people often forget that from Stannis' point of view, Melisandre is much more impressive than from most readers' point of view.
1288	The Crow	2014-06-08	Stannis needs no redemption.
1289	sansatyrell	2013-04-29	I just needed a place to talk about these two! I loved their relationship in the books, as sparse as it was, and I love love love that it's getting a little more fleshed out in the tv series.
Out of all the people playing/using Sansa, I think Margaery is the one who actually cares about her (or cares the most about her). I'd love to discuss and hear other peoples thoughts on the two of them.
					
					
							Edited by sansatyrell, 29 April 2013 - 02:42 PM.
1290	Masha	2013-04-29	The feeling I got from Margaery is that she cares as much about Sansa as she does with Joffrey. She is nice, cheery and changes depending on her company.
In the books she was just portrayed as young girl who is very nice friendly and such and Cersei as big meanie who is out to get her, and it takes careful reading to understand that she really is a manipulative mini Queen of Thorns
In the show its very obvious (to viewers) and I really like it.
1291	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	I think Margaery is using and playing Sansa every bit as much as she is Joffrey - but I think she likes Sansa a great deal more. I do believe that Margaery would like Sansa to be happy, she's just not willing to sacrifice any advantage to herself and her family over it. She probably feels she's doing Sansa a favor, anyway, so what's the harm? She strikes me as the kind of person who's very good at justifying things to herself.
1292	sansatyrell	2013-04-29	Yeah I agree with everything that's been said. It's clear she actually cares about Sansa (the actresses who play them have said that Margaery and Sansa would be truly close friends if they'd met under different circumstances).
I really love Margaery's involvement so far, and I'm interested to see if she plays any role in the upcoming Sansa/Tyrion events.
1293	Kellyline	2013-04-29	And I think Sansa really admires Margy, she might think of her as an older sister. Though I don't think she envies her wedding with Joff.
1294	Sidonie	2013-04-29	Well, remember what happened in the books: once Sansa was married to Tyrion, Margaery gave her the immediate cold shoulder.
In the tv series, to see Sansa almost start to cry when Margaery told her about being engaged to Loras, and that they'd be "sisters" then, really almost made me cry.
When Margaery brushes off Sansa, I think I'll really cry.
Margaery strikes me as a spoiled sorority girl- just a user.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 29 April 2013 - 04:13 PM.
1295	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-29	The feeling I got from Margaery is that she cares as much about Sansa as she does with Joffrey. She is nice, cheery and changes depending on her company.In the books she was just portrayed as young girl who is very nice friendly and such and Cersei as big meanie who is out to get her, and it takes careful reading to understand that she really is a manipulative mini Queen of ThornsIn the show its very obvious (to viewers) and I really like it. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  however i think she's not doing it to be cruel but as someone who sees an opportunity and will be as manipulative as possible because it's  sansa you know
1296	Cravensbayne	2013-04-30	Marg doesn't care about Sansa! Marg is playing the game. She might be the best player in the game. Joff is seduced, Sansa is too, in a different way.
1297	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	If Marg really cared about Sansa, she wouldn't be trying to marry her to Loras. It's political necessity and scheming, nothing more.
1298	Envie	2013-04-30	Am I not remembering from the book correctly or isn't Olenna the one to break it to Sansa they never meant for her to marry Loras (called Sansa a fool for that if I remember) and that she'd be lucky if it were Garland or whoever they intended.
Of course, they've left the other Tyrell men out of the story completely in the show, so I'm guessing that particular jab isn't even going to play into the plot. I think they're making Margaery "Like" Sansa a lot more than was shown from the book. In the book it was fairly obvious Margaery and her Grandmother were using Sansa for information as well as a pawn in the marriage plots. It's not as obvious in the show ... well at least the parts about marrying Loras aren't as obvious in the deception.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 30 April 2013 - 10:56 AM.
1299	sansatyrell	2013-04-30	If Marg really cared about Sansa, she wouldn't be trying to marry her to Loras. It's political necessity and scheming, nothing more.Of course it's political necessity, but I honestly think Margaery genuinely cares about Sansa and wants her to be, as she said, her sister.
1300	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	I suppose we might find out how much she cares after the Purple Wedding.
1301	Logodnica	2013-04-30	Margery is giving Sansa the education that Cat and Ned failed to give her. Sansa should have been trained in politics not ballads bc she was always going to make a southern marriage. The fact that EVERYONE except Sansa realizes that she is the key to the north makes Sansa look like a little fool. Which at the point in the story she still is...
1302	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	If Marg really cared about Sansa, she wouldn't be trying to marry her to Loras. It's political necessity and scheming, nothing more.From Margaery's perspective, a marriage to Loras will get Sansa out of KL and away from Monster Joffrey, it will make her future lady of Highgarden, and it will give her a husband who won't abuse her. Not a bad deal, given the situation. This is Margaery we're talking about: she loves Loras, so she'll think he's a good catch, and who cares if your husband is gay as long as his position gives you power and he manages to produce an heir or two? Margaery would take that deal in a heartbeat. (Hi, Renly!)
1303	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	I think Margaery does not really care about Sansa all that much. Maybe she likes her enough, but she would not go out of her way to help her with anything if it did not suit her own political purposes. Margaery is just a very very good player. She strikes me as the kind of person who's very good at justifying things to herself.That is an excellent observation.Am I not remembering from the book correctly or isn't Olenna the one to break it to Sansa they never meant for her to marry Loras (called Sansa a fool for that if I remember) and that she'd be lucky if it were Garland or whoever they intended.They wanted her to marry Willas all along, nobody even mentioned Loras (that was just Sansa's wishful thinking), and Garlan was happily married already.
1304	Lord of the Tides	2013-05-01	Marg doesn't care about Sansa! Marg is playing the game. She might be the best player in the game. Joff is seduced, Sansa is too, in a different way.Yeah, I agree with this.Margy has an image to maintain, but a certain goal to achieve as well. An image is the one of a 'nice' girl, generous and pure in her intentions, since her pretty face is meant to make other characters underestimate her. The goal is power for house Tyrell.Margery's influence depends on people assuming her to have good intentions or be supportive of others desires (Joff) Otherwise herself would have no real influence bar what is offered by her house name. This is the difference between herself and QoT versus Mace or later Kevan. This will materialize duly after the PW, when the Tyrells frame Tyrion and Sansa. No remorse, just calculative gain, if Sansa is not to be used to gain rights over the North she has little further value and could be sacrificed easily.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of the Tides, 01 May 2013 - 05:34 AM.
1305	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Am I not remembering from the book correctly or isn't Olenna the one to break it to Sansa they never meant for her to marry Loras (called Sansa a fool for that if I remember) and that she'd be lucky if it were Garland or whoever they intended.Well, Sansa is a fool to think "my brother" referred to Loras as a groom since Loras was already a Kingsguard in the book at that time.  Willias was the only available brother.  And as heir, is a more desirable match unless your head is filled with ballads, so there is no sense that Sansa is "not worthy" to marry Loras.  Indeed, were Loras not already a kingsguard, Sansa-Loras is in many ways BETTER for the Tyrells...Willias is still heir of Highgarden AND it puts Tyrell power in the North.
1306	sansatyrell	2013-05-01	Well, Sansa is a fool to think "my brother" referred to Loras as a groom since Loras was already a Kingsguard in the book at that time.  Willias was the only available brother.  And as heir, is a more desirable match unless your head is filled with ballads, so there is no sense that Sansa is "not worthy" to marry Loras.  Indeed, were Loras not already a kingsguard, Sansa-Loras is in many ways BETTER for the Tyrells...Willias is still heir of Highgarden AND it puts Tyrell power in the North.for the record, it bothers me so much when people call Sansa a fool or stupid. You have to remember how young she is and how she was raised (i.e. the naive, sheltered daughter of Ned Stark who ((for all of her life until recently)) never had any reason to worry). She starts picking up how to play the game slowly as it goes on, but I think people are often too harsh on her.
1307	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I don't think Margaery cares for Sansa at all. No one in Kings Landing cares about her one little bit, which is what makes her situation so sad and so isolating. They are playing Tyrion as caring a bit, but we know some of that is different from the books.
I think once Sansa marries Tyrion, Sansa will get that cold shoulder from Margaery and be even more isolated than she already has been.
Lord of the Tides is spot on in describing Margaery.  She is fun to watch on screen.
1308	margaery will be the queen	2013-06-18	i think it's clear now that she cares about sansa
1309	moonspinner	2014-02-28	for the record, it bothers me so much when people call Sansa a fool or stupid. You have to remember how young she is and how she was raised (i.e. the naive, sheltered daughter of Ned Stark who ((for all of her life until recently)) never had any reason to worry). She starts picking up how to play the game slowly as it goes on, but I think people are often too harsh on her.



Well, in all fairness if she was raised on ballads, she should have known that she couldn't marry a Knight of the Kingsguard. I usually like cutting Sansa a break now and then, but I think she really came across as dumb (in the books) in that scene.

I'm not very familiar with the show - is Loras the only Tyrell son and is he not yet sworn to the Kingsguard at the time of the plotting?
1310	Jaqen Hghar	2014-03-05	In the show Loras is not yet sworn to the Kingsguard (remains to be seen if he will be) and there has been no mention of other Tyrell sons even if there might be.
1311	starklinson	2014-05-19	I think Margaery likes Sansa more than she does most people. I don't think she's willing to do anything risky for her, but she pities poor Sansa and can see how much pain she has been through. It's a feeling of sympathy and hope that Sansa will find her own happiness. She will help Sansa as long as doing so is guaranteed harmless and risk-free for her own plans.
1312	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	We heard Shireen sing a song that looks an awfull lot like the songs patchface sings.
Is Shireen going to take over his role with the prophesies? I can't find anything that states patchface was casted so it kinda looks like he is not going to be in the show which really sucks!
This is the song Shireen sung in the credits, and a part of it in the episode itself:
It's always summer under the sea
I know, I know, oh oh oooh
The birds have scales, and the fish take wing (?)
I know, I know, oh oh oooh
The rain is dry, and the snow falls up
I know, I know, oh oh oooh
The stones crack open, the water burns
The shadows come to dance, my love
The shadows come to play
The shadows come to dance, my love
The shadows come to stay.
So if Shireen takes over his role, how will they explain her 'gift'? Will they say it came with the greyscale?
Or maybe patchface will be in the show, but will just be played by an extra? And she might just sing the song cause she heard him singing it?
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 29 April 2013 - 05:33 PM.
1313	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Or maybe patchfase will be in the show, but will just be played by an extra? And she might just sing the song cause she heard him singing it? I was hoping Stannis would get into her chamber and ask where she heard that song, and she'd say Patchface and he'd hop out all jolly hopping from one foot to another /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> but no that didn't happen.
1314	Drogo_1	2013-04-29	Yes Shireen is patchface.
1315	Delmas	2013-04-29	Here is my immediate thoughts:
Birds have scales:  Crows get grayscale
Fish have wings:  greyjoy(s) ride dragons
The rain is dry:  Meteors?
Snow falls up:  Either a bastard from the north going up the ranks, possibly to the throne, or a bastard from the north getting gripped up by a dragon and thrown upwards
Stones crack open:  Castles getting destroyed
Water Burns:  Wildfire? Blackwater?
Shadows: Mellisandres shadow baby, who knows...
1316	Masha	2013-04-29	In the book Melisande paid zero attention to Shireen while being disturbed by Patchface and tried to get him away or killed. Selese seems takes care of Shireen and considered the girl rightful heir to Stannis
Perhaps merging of Shireen and Patchface in the show, will be the same. Melisande is disturbed by her presence thats why her mother (Selese) who is obsessed with Melisande and her new faith, isolates her and ignores her and not considers her a heir to Stannis and tries to make him ignore his daughter as well. .
1317	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-29	Here is my immediate thoughts:Birds have scales:  Crows get grayscaleFish have wings:  greyjoy(s) ride dragonsThe rain is dry:  Meteors?Snow falls up:  Either a bastard from the north going up the ranks, possibly to the throne, or a bastard from the north getting gripped up by a dragon and thrown upwardsStones crack open:  Castles getting destroyedWater Burns:  Wildfire? Blackwater?Shadows: Mellisandres shadow baby, who knows...Snow falls up could refer to Ramsays ascent from Bastard (Snow) to true Bolton
1318	White Raven	2013-04-29	Apparently Shireen can channel Patchface in the show.
1319	Jenny-of-Oldstones	2013-04-29	Here is my immediate thoughts:Birds have scales:  Crows get grayscaleFish have wings:  greyjoy(s) ride dragonsThe rain is dry:  Meteors?Snow falls up:  Either a bastard from the north going up the ranks, possibly to the throne, or a bastard from the north getting gripped up by a dragon and thrown upwardsStones crack open:  Castles getting destroyedWater Burns:  Wildfire? Blackwater?Shadows: Mellisandres shadow baby, who knows...Can't really tell if you're trolling or not, but might I suggest Tully's, since Greyjoys are krakens? I do love some bad-ass Blackfish /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />As for Shireen replacing Patches.. I think It'd depend on 'fools blood, kings blood'. If she should sing this we know she has taken over Patches' predictive powers. As for now, they could still introduce Patchface later on in the series, but I don't think it very likely.
1320	Sun	2013-04-29	No Patchface. It will be Shireen singing weird songs. I doubt they'll even bother explaining them, or pointing out their prophetic portent.
1321	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	Here is my immediate thoughts:Birds have scales:  Crows get grayscaleFish have wings:  greyjoy(s) ride dragonsThe rain is dry:  Meteors?Snow falls up:  Either a bastard from the north going up the ranks, possibly to the throne, or a bastard from the north getting gripped up by a dragon and thrown upwardsStones crack open:  Castles getting destroyedWater Burns:  Wildfire? Blackwater?Shadows: Mellisandres shadow baby, who knows...Snow falls up could refer to Ramsays ascent from Bastard (Snow) to true BoltonThink you're right about the Bastard of Bolton.And aren't dragon's referred to as scaled birds?As for the 'fish take wing' I think it refers to Lysa Tully. She is a fish, and she does fly... lolThe only weird thing is:The shadows come to dance, my love Who is my love?
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 29 April 2013 - 05:24 PM.
1322	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	I am so fucked off by the lack of Patchface.
1323	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	Fuck Patchface.
1324	stunningsteve	2013-04-29	Scaled bird could refer to Conningtons Greyscale as well. Snow falls up could also be Jon becoming Lord Commander.
1325	gash	2013-04-29	I am so fucked off by the lack of Patchface.me too. creepiest character in the books. could have been cool with the right casting.
1326	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	me too. creepiest character in the books. could have been cool with the right casting.ya, totally. he's one of my fave minor characters. DOES THIS MEAN HE WILL NEVER BE IN THE SHOW?
1327	gash	2013-04-29	ya, totally. he's one of my fave minor characters.DOES THIS MEAN HE WILL NEVER BE IN THE SHOW?looks like it, given that they seem to have given the prohpecies to shireen. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1328	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	People really wanted Patchface in the show? Some things just don't translate well to screen, and Patchface is one of them. He would look incredibly stupid.
1329	shiola	2013-04-29	No Patches.  The show doesn't seem to care for fools or prophecies, so I didn't really expect him to be around.
1330	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-29	There are no fools in this show, no Moonboy, no Butterbumps, and they cut out Dontos very quickly, so why were any of you expecting Patchface?
1331	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	They're have already introduced boatloads of new charactres. They can't have the series as massive as the books, so they're going to have to cut corners.
1332	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-29	Patchface is annoying, so i'm cool with this change.
1333	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	I would be delighted if they chose to omit Patchface. Nothing is scarier than a loopy, prophetic jester who knows too much.
1334	gash	2013-04-29	There are no fools in this show, no Moonboy, no Butterbumps, and they cut out Dontos very quickly, so why were any of you expecting Patchface?patchface is much more than just a fool.
1335	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-29	Patchface is creepy as hell. I really don't need to see him on screen. He scares me.
1336	gash	2013-04-29	http://25.media.tumb...htgubo1_500.gif
1337	Zman1863	2013-04-29	People really wanted Patchface in the show? Some things just don't translate well to screen, and Patchface is one of them. He would look incredibly stupid.These are my feelings on it as well. Fools are one of those cliched aspects of medieval fantasy that I can tolerate in a book but would rather be left out of a TV or movie. They need to trim plenty from the books to fit the material into the confines that HBO has given them, and this is one cut that is fairly straightforward to me.
1338	Caryn Stark	2013-04-29	http://25.media.tumb...htgubo1_500.gifThis was really unnecessary. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I am going to have nightmares tonight, for real.I think Shireen is replacing Patchface. I am fine with that, too. Patchface scares me. I don't think anyone (but us) are paying attention to her songs, so maybe we'll get something fun. I am the queen of wishful thinking.
1339	Words of Winter	2013-04-29	These are my feelings on it as well. Fools are one of those cliched aspects of medieval fantasy that I can tolerate in a book but would rather be left out of a TV or movie. They need to trim plenty from the books to fit the material into the confines that HBO has given them, and this is one cut that is fairly straightforward to me. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I find him one of the most annoying characters in the book, but only now realize that his sayings were prophetic. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />That said, even the songs don't translate well to screen, especially the I know oh oh oh.  I hope there isn't more significance to his character as others have suggested.  Then D&D, if they get that far, will have a 'merenesse knot' of their own.
1340	Patchface Targaryen	2013-04-29	My theory took a big hit with this character combination.
1341	GoodGuyA	2013-04-29	Now I forget how Shireen got greyscale and how Patchface claimed his prophetic visions, but don't these both involve falling off a boat? I remember Patchface was the survivor of a voyage with no one else, but they could merge the two stories together in that way.
1342	Patchface Targaryen	2013-04-29	Now I forget how Shireen got greyscale and how Patchface claimed his prophetic visions, but don't these both involve falling off a boat? I remember Patchface was the survivor of a voyage with no one else, but they could merge the two stories together in that way.I think Shireen was born with it. Griff got greyscale in ADWD by jumping off a boat you may be thinking of.Patchface was the only survivor of the shipwreck that killed Robert/Stannis/Renly's father.
1343	stiff_pirates	2013-04-29	accident
					
					
							Edited by stiff_pirates, 29 April 2013 - 10:19 PM.
1344	stiff_pirates	2013-04-29	Here is my immediate thoughts:Birds have scales:  Crows get grayscaleFish have wings:  greyjoy(s) ride dragonsThe rain is dry:  Meteors?Snow falls up:  Either a bastard from the north going up the ranks, possibly to the throne, or a bastard from the north getting gripped up by a dragon and thrown upwardsStones crack open:  Castles getting destroyedWater Burns:  Wildfire? Blackwater?Shadows: Mellisandres shadow baby, who knows...Why would 'fish' refer to Greyjoy and not Tully?
1345	shiola	2013-04-29	Birds have scales refers to dragons, it is known.
1346	Titan	2013-04-29	Birds have scales refers to dragons, it is known.Indeed, that is the most obvious explanation of that line.
1347	Blackhaven	2013-04-29	They just need to be sure to have a Cersei / Moonboy scene.
1348	Dove	2013-04-29	They just need to be sure to have a Cersei / Moonboy scene.If only for the payoff of Tommen wanting to name one of the war galleys after him. Ahahahaha. Best king.
1349	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	Can I ask...why does it suck that Patchface is gone?
1350	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	I'm torn on the lack of patchface. On the one hand if done right he could have been super creepy and awesome, on the other hand he would probably ended up looking and sounding silly on screen.
1351	The Roose is Loose	2013-04-30	In my personal book nerd fantasy interpretation, I like to think that Patchface is off-screen at Dragonstone, and Shireen is just repeating what she's heard from him.  Realistically, they've probably written him out of the show.  Oh well.  As much as I like Patchface in the books, I do like Shireen innocently singing his creepy rhymes, so I'll focus my nit picky nerd rage elsewhere.
As for not translating well to the screen, I agree that as written, it wouldn't work - his cowbells would be extremely distracting and drown out dialogue, etc.  However, I think he could have been modified to be more tv friendly, like they did with Jaqen's hair, or Bran in the cart instead of on Hodor's back.
1352	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	If you think about it her having Patchface's ability could even be explained by almost surviving Greyscale, though I think they just put that in there as a small nod to book readers. I hope she continues to sing songs but we'll see...
Just like they had one of Stannis's children named Edric as a nod to Edric Storm who died on the cutting room floor of the show and became a pickled still born in a jar...
1353	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-30	There are no fools in this show, no Moonboy, no Butterbumps, and they cut out Dontos very quickly, so why were any of you expecting Patchface?Did they get rid of Dontos? Figured we'd see him again with Sansa, though he was probably just a nod to bookreaders. I just assumed he was going to play a bigger role than just that one scene where Joff's goons telepathically infer his orders.
1354	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I'm glad they didn't bother with any of the Fools. Having people play mentally-disabled characters whose main purpose was for the other characters' amusement would not be good.
1355	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-30	Patchface may yet have important things to achieve in the books, so it will be interesting to see the ways the books and shows differ as far as he's concerned.
1356	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	So if Shireen takes over his role, how will they explain her 'gift'? Will they say it came with the greyscale?i really hope not, patchfaces 'gift' was never spoken of in the books, i mean we had the story of what happedned to him when he was young, which we deducted our selves as being the reason. but he never had anyone noticing his creeping forshadowing songs, well not anyone who doesnt see skulls floating around his head anyway. poor shireen first she has Val hatein on her for her greyscale now she will have Mel hatein on her for her songs... if thats truely how they are going to play this outI was hoping Stannis would get into her chamber and ask where she heard that song, and she'd say Patchface and he'd hop out all jolly hopping from one foot to another /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> but no that didn't happen.that was my first thought, how hard would it be to just say "where did you hear that song" "patchface" done!! we dont even hav to see him just yet, aslong as his existance is meantionedApparently Shireen can channel Patchface in the show.haha i know right with out the explination of patchface it just seems like she is some creepy little child, where as in the books she was just sad. poor thing. it seems like Stannis lives with a bunch of creepy women who are al cursed and slightly evil. we know its not the case but it gives off that impression
1357	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-30	The fact that Stannis didn't ask about the song probably means that he's just used to it, something she's always done.
1358	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	I'm glad they didn't bother with any of the Fools. Having people play mentally-disabled characters whose main purpose was for the other characters' amusement would not be good.well i know what you mean. but patchface might become quite important in the future, their is very much something that doesnt meet the eye with that jolly-creepy fella
1359	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	The fact that Stannis didn't ask about the song probably means that he's just used to it, something she's always done.or he didnt really notice, young girls sing songs all the timehe most likely didnt put much thought to it, he has a kingdom to try and claim lols, he also didnt get a very good chance to hear the creepy words since as soon as she saw him she cut off
1360	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Now I forget how Shireen got greyscale and how Patchface claimed his prophetic visions, but don't these both involve falling off a boat? I remember Patchface was the survivor of a voyage with no one else, but they could merge the two stories together in that way.I thought that Greyscale was sorta like chickenpox?
1361	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I thought that Greyscale was sorta like chickenpox?It seems to be waterborn, as well as being spread by touch. I don't think chickenpox is waterborn, but I could be wrong.
1362	Rhasgul	2013-04-30	It's always summer under the sea................	  Winter is coming
I know, I know, oh oh oooh................		  I guess he knows
The birds have scales, and the fish take wing............	   Dragons are coming, Lysa Tully takes the moongate
I know, I know, oh oh oooh............		  Again, patchy knows
The rain is dry, and the snow falls up............	   utterly clueless here, Ramsay and Jon rise in ranks
I know, I know, oh oh oooh............		  Damn that's a smart patchy
The stones crack open, the water burns............	 Castles fall/Stone eggs hatch, blackwater bay burns
The shadows come to dance, my love............		 Melisandre has summoned the shadows
The shadows come to play............		  The shadows do their little killings
The shadows come to dance, my love ............		  Melisandre has summoned the shadows
The shadows come to stay.............	   We have yet to see more of those shadows.
Just my guess here ^^
anyone else who imagined this song going much faster? As a fool's song i tought it was in a jolly tone, even with the prophecies.
					
					
							Edited by Rhasgul, 30 April 2013 - 03:06 AM.
1363	hollowcrown	2013-04-30	Stannis already has a creepy wife, a dark ominous island fortress, and fetuses being kept in jars, he doesn't need a creepy prophetic fool to add to how evil he looks in the tv series.
1364	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Fairly good analysis there Rhasgul, loved the Lysa Tully part, makes so much sense!
I always imagined it as very depressing, because Patchface is an extremely sad character, who hasnt been funny in years, or particularly jolly from what I gather. Just my impression though, it's possible that he is described as jolly in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 03:17 AM.
1365	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	The foetuses kept in jars was a bit incongruous for me. Leaving Patchface out was an error. He's one of my favourite minor characters, actually.
1366	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	The Rains of Castemere run dry because the Lannisters' star descends, while Jon and Ramsay wind up legitimised or increase in position, is how I interpret verse 3, with help from Rhasgul, or the rain could be dry because it's Winter.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 30 April 2013 - 03:24 AM.
1367	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-30	or he didnt really notice, young girls sing songs all the timehe most likely didnt put much thought to it, he has a kingdom to try and claim lols, he also didnt get a very good chance to hear the creepy words since as soon as she saw him she cut off Why bother seeing her in the first place then?
1368	teemo	2013-04-30	Having no Patchface is sad, because what about all of those crazy conspiracy theories out there about Patchface?!?!?  Does this mean they aren't true? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1369	teemo	2013-04-30	Did they get rid of Dontos? Figured we'd see him again with Sansa, though he was probably just a nod to bookreaders. I just assumed he was going to play a bigger role than just that one scene where Joff's goons telepathically infer his orders.D&D have said recently that we haven't seen the last of Dontos.http://www.hollywood...lk-third-439307I'm also sad about no Moonboy, because now we can't get Tyrion's famous line about Cersei fucking Lancel and Kettleblack and Moonboy for all he knows....
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 03:32 AM.
1370	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-30	It doesnt work that Shireen has become patchface. Patchy goes all "Captain Cryptic Seaweed" because he was drowned and unexplainably survived. Shireen has no such back story.
1371	Battlekitten	2013-04-30	I think Patchreen means that both characters are important
They couldn't cast both so they amalgamated them
We get both kings blood with greyscale - remember Val "dead girl"
And creepy prophecies
Btw did anyone think that the greyscale makeup looked like a patch of whitewalker make up but grey not blue?
1372	Jslay427	2013-04-30	I'm really looking forward to the rest of the Greyjoy casting, for season 5 I would guess. A little off topic but the lack of patchface has me all messed up.
1373	Walder Waters	2013-04-30	Most interesting are the changes to wording.
"The fish take wing" was not in the books IIRC.
"It snows up" was changed to "the snow falls up". To better understand what may be meant?
"My lord" has become "my love". But that could be just, because it is Shireen and not Patches singing.
"The water burns" is still in the song although the Battle of the Blackwater already happened. Could it be that its equivalent "smoke rises in bubbles, and flames burn green, blue and black" was not related to the Blackwater in the books - as thought - neither?
					
					
							Edited by Walder Waters, 30 April 2013 - 07:02 AM.
1374	Walder Waters	2013-04-30	Ideas?
					
					
							Edited by Walder Waters, 30 April 2013 - 07:02 AM.
1375	Rhasgul	2013-04-30	Most interesting are the changes to wording."The fish take wing" was not in the books IIRC."It snows up" was changed to "the snow falls up". To better understand what may be meant?"My lord" has become "my love". But that could be just, because it is Shireen and not Patches singing."The water burns" is still in the song although the Battle of the Blackwater already happened. Could it be that its equivalent "smoke rises in bubbles, and flames burn green, blue and black" was not related to the Blackwater in the books - as thought - neither?Imho "water burns" still means blackwater, could be a hint towards audience, they'd have no way of finding out it's a prophecy otherwise. Green wildfire, blue water in BLACKwater bay, where the water burns and smoke rises seems like the only logical conclusion.I also think My lord and My love are interchangable as we switch perspectives from patchy to stoneface as well.And yes, i guess snow falls up to snowing up was changed to make it clearer.I reckon they put in the verse about a Tully flying in to make the prophetic value more obvious to non-bookies
1376	rejndjer	2013-04-30	to me verses untill "shadows" sound like depicting ashaii and/or valyria, and when it comes to shadows part it becomes obvious that that what happened to valyria and/or ashaii is coming here and it's gonna be same.P.S. to make things clearer, this is how i see itIt's always summer under the sea........ it's always summer under the shadow(ashaii)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe birds have scales, and the fish take wing (?)(there's lots of freaky creatures in valyria/ashaii)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe rain is dry, and the snow falls up(some1 mentioned dry rain as meteors, that's what doomed valyria, wasn't it?, also, it snows even there but since whole cataclysm, it melts while still up)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe stones crack open, the water burns(volcanos errupt, lava comes out)The shadows come to dance, my loveThe shadows come to playThe shadows come to dance, my loveThe shadows come to stay.
					
					
							Edited by rejndjer, 30 April 2013 - 08:20 AM.
1377	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	to me verses untill "shadows" sound like depicting ashaii and/or valyria, and when it comes to shadows part it becomes obvious that that what happened to valyria and/or ashaii is coming here and it's gonna be same.P.S. to make things clearer, this is how i see itIt's always summer under the sea........ it's always summer under the shadow(ashaii)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe birds have scales, and the fish take wing (?)(there's lots of freaky creatures in valyria/ashaii)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe rain is dry, and the snow falls up(some1 mentioned dry rain as meteors, that's what doomed valyria, wasn't it?, also, it snows even there but since whole cataclysm, it melts while still up)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe stones crack open, the water burns(volcanos errupt, lava comes out)The shadows come to dance, my loveThe shadows come to playThe shadows come to dance, my loveThe shadows come to stay.Interesting interpretation!
1378	Rhasgul	2013-04-30	It's always summer under the sea........ it's always summer under the shadow(ashaii)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe birds have scales, and the fish take wing (?)(there's lots of freaky creatures in valyria/ashaii)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe rain is dry, and the snow falls up(some1 mentioned dry rain as meteors, that's what doomed valyria, wasn't it?, also, it snows even there but since whole cataclysm, it melts while still up)I know, I know, oh oh ooohThe stones crack open, the water burns(volcanos errupt, lava comes out)The shadows come to dance, my loveThe shadows come to playThe shadows come to dance, my loveThe shadows come to stay.I agree with the fact that it has some resemblance towards the doom, but I don't think patchy and stoney's song have anything to do with it.Imho under the sea doesn't mean "under the shadows". Patchface often says "under the sea" before a prophecy, which leads me to think it is because he saw it happening in his visions during the days he spent under the sea after his ship went down.His phrase, the birds have scales is quite obvious for dragons, and flying fish seems rather symbolic than a reference to actual flying fish, they'd have called it birds if they could actually fly.As earlier, no idea what dry rain means, but your explanation for snow falling up seems a bit farfetched to me. About the stones cracking open: the 14 flames (the 14 volcanoes) were active long before the doom, so they didn't really crack open then. It COULD however refer to the fact that the earth split open, every hill for over 500 miles was split in two, on the day of the doom.Also, meteors are what doomed Valyria? Afaik noone knows what exactly caused the doom, only that there was loads of fire.
1379	Walder Waters	2013-04-30	Patchface often says "under the sea" before a prophecy, which leads me to think it is because he saw it happening in his visions during the days he spent under the sea after his ship went down.ditto
1380	houseHB	2013-04-30	This will put pressure on the producers when it turns out patchface is Azor Ahai reborn, real heir to Winterfell, and actually Aerys long lost eldest son and rightful heir to the Iron Throne as well.
1381	Rhasgul	2013-04-30	This will put pressure on the producers when it turns out patchface is Azor Ahai reborn, real heir to Winterfell, and actually Aerys long lost eldest son and rightful heir to the Iron Throne as well.What have you been tripping on? Patchy was found as a boy by the expedition that was sent looking for Rhaegar's bride. This means Rhaegar must be older so Patchy isn't eldest...Obviously Patchy is son of Ilyn Payne and Old Nan, which means he's TPTWP, ending up as one of the 3 heads (the left one)
1382	Walder Waters	2013-04-30	This will put pressure on the producers when it turns out patchface is Azor Ahai reborn, real heir to Winterfell, and actually Aerys long lost eldest son and rightful heir to the Iron Throne as well.Hodor?
1383	Gannicus	2013-04-30	Patchface always seemed Jar Jar binks like to me.  I'm glad the show did away with him.
1384	manderley	2013-04-30	It's a pretty smart handling of the situation. Quite possibly they couldn't cast Patchface for budget/timescale reasons. This way they can bring him in later (S5?) and explain that Shireen learnt her songs from him OR they can combine the two characters into Shireen, as, they go everywhere together, their effect on future plots may mean this is possible.
Loved Shireen and Selyse. Both fabulous.
1385	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	I am so fucked off by the lack of Patchface.me too. creepiest character in the books. could have been cool with the right casting.patchface is much more than just a fool. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  I LOVE PATCHFACE, TOO!!!No Patches? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />  and they gave us pickled babies instead of PATCHY??? UNFORGIVABLE!Besides, Pacthface is AAR, TPTWP and a secret Targ, isn't he??Patchface always seemed Jar Jar binks like to me.  I'm glad the show did away with him.How DARE you compare awesome Patchface with incredibly terrible, horrible Jar Jar Binks!!
1386	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	Along with Olenna Tyrell and Butterbumps, he's one of Martin's most Mervyn Peake style characters, who along with Dolorous Edd appears to be a hobby-horse of Martin's: and in the next book he'll do something fairly important, which won't be readily attributable to Shireen, so I can't help feeling they screwed up there.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 30 April 2013 - 12:47 PM.
1387	trearu	2013-04-30	I think it is great, they removed Patchface. The role of the lonely but cheerful girl fits Shireen so well. And creating her relationship with Davos was a stroke of genius.
1388	Roboginger	2013-04-30	well i know what you mean. but patchface might become quite important in the future, their is very much something that doesnt meet the eye with that jolly-creepy fellaOR the fact he is omitted from the show (Possibly, we thought the Jojens were not going to be there as well.) might mean he has no future role in the books besides creepy comic relief Which would be a bummer because I don't want anything from the books spoiled from the show because D&D know the ending.
1389	EnergeticCrab	2013-04-30	Angry as well by the omission of Patchface but the idea to merge him with Shireen isn't terrible, when you consider they could of completely omitted him and his prophecies. 
Cogman said in the latest interview on this site, that Patchface didn't work right in the scene and was another new character to add to the already long list of new characters in this season. Also, that he would need more exposition. So as of yet, he's not in the show. However I have some hopes they will add him in later if Patchface indeed becomes more prominent.
1390	Jolene Brown	2013-04-30	Wasn't Patchface from Volantis?  Isn't that where the slave tattoos come from?  I have to admit; I find it hard to get motivated to keep that stuff straight.  But you would think they would have been ALL OVER that shit!  Don't they love Volantis?  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1391	Wagshell	2013-04-30	I'm a bit disappointed by this, but mainly because it means I'm wrong about Patchface being more important in himself. Because Melisandre is afraid of him and sees visions of him, I thought he was going to come through as a major hidden evil character, especially with his mysterious past. But the writers would know a bit about which characters are important in the future and he clearly wasn't, just the prophecies.
1392	Warrior Queen	2013-04-30	The birds have scales, and the fish take wingAs i said i figured that the scales birds mean dragons, and that the fish take wing is about Lysa Tully and the Moondoor. Is this just randomly in the same line or can this be a little hint that Dany will land in the Eyrie as some people suspect. Also because Visenya landed in the Eyrie while young boy ruled....Sweetrobin is a young boy..
1393	go joff go	2013-04-30	Isn't "it snows up" likely to be ash coming up from the meteor/comet landing
1394	yolkboy	2013-04-30	Patchface MIGHT be in at some point. Shireen learned the song from him.
more info....http://www.westeros....ew_Bryan_Cogman
1395	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Patchface MIGHT be in at some point. Shireen learned the song from him.more info....http://www.westeros....ew_Bryan_CogmanI thought that Bryan explained that very well. The scene had Patchface in it but it just wasn't working the other characters getting introduced in a powerfully emotional way.but Bryan did leave the door open for him to be in or out later on. He did the song as a nod to book readers whether they try and introduce Patches later on or not.He took the lyrics directly from Patches prophecy songs so yeah...
1396	kishefmakherin	2013-05-01	I think "Snow falls up" is just descriptive of the next episode, when Jon Snow will be scaling the Wall. (As opposed to him rising in the ranks.) But it doesn't really matter which one it is, as both will take place.
1397	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-01	I think "Snow falls up" is just descriptive of the next episode, when Jon Snow will be scaling the Wall. (As opposed to him rising in the ranks.) But it doesn't really matter which one it is, as both will take place.I think that is why they went with lyrics that could be interrupted multiple ways so that if things change there's still a way to work out that these lyrics happened.
1398	wolverine	2013-05-02	We heard Shireen sing a song that looks an awfull lot like the songs patchface sings.Is Shireen going to take over his role with the prophesies? I can't find anything that states patchface was casted so it kinda looks like he is not going to be in the show which really sucks!Thank God!  Patchface was so annoying in the books.
1399	jblair	2013-05-09	People really wanted Patchface in the show? Some things just don't translate well to screen, and Patchface is one of them. He would look incredibly stupid.You are right, there is no creative or visual potential at all in the creepiest lunatic in Westeros, who has a motley-tattooed face, may be a direct conduit to either the Drowned God or the Others, and spouts off hideously violent prophecies while dressed as a fool. None at all.
1400	2hot4winterfell	2014-04-09	The show has been merging characters together. It wouldn't surprise me if Shireen and Patchface are 1 person in the show. (Though I'd love to think that she is hearing these things from Patchface off-screen and that we'll eventually meet him). But I also had another idea...

What if she eventually lets out that Patchface is a man she sees that no one else does? Sure, it takes away from all the huge possibilities of Patchface being this God in human form. Imagine what you could do with that? She's alone a lot, it would only make sense to introduce him as an 'imaginary friend'.. But he could just be there, communicating through her in a very cryptic manner. The show, at that point, could either never actually show him, or give a glimpse (be it through a Shireen POV or a brief instance with a mirror). If done in that way, he could be one creepy SOB... It would be less campy and annoying and it would bring his part to the table, leave open possibilities with his character/entity, without all that crappy stuff.

Thoughts?

P.S. I'm highly intrigued by the character, if you can't tell.
1401	Laguna	2014-04-10	Patchface = Tom Bombadil

- beloved character in the books
- funny, loves to rhyme, seems to know a LOT
- very mysterious and unexplainable
- not in the movies/tv show because of that
- represents the authors of the books inside the books (imho)
1402	TheEvilKing	2013-04-29	So, these will be sacrificed instead of the leeches, right? King's Blood, and there's 3 of them.
How it'll go down:
- Mel brings Gendry to Dragonstone to sacrifice.
- Davos persuades Stannis not to kill him.
- Stannis takes the stillborn and burns them instead.
1403	A Real Dire Wolf	2013-04-29	Nice deduction, I have a feeling you may be right.Only thing: showing the foetuses actually burning might be a bit too gruesome. I guess they could always do it offscreen.
1404	Woel	2013-04-29	Dead babies are dead. You can't use them for magic, since there is no life to sacrifice. So no. Gendry will be the one, but he might not die. Most likely it will seem like he's going to die but he will end up just getting leeched.
1405	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Blood isn't really 'alive' when it's taken from the body by leeches either, is it? That said, I hope they won't throw the fetuses in the fire, I even hope they don't show them anymore, lol...
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 04:46 PM.
1406	stunningsteve	2013-04-29	Interesting thought which would explain why they showed those creepy babes, but I hope they stick with leeches with Gendrys blood.
1407	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	I thought it was pretty obvious that the babies (how convenient, there are three!) are going to replace the leeches.
I don't think they'll show Melisandre throwing pickled fetuses in the fire though, that would be a little to gruesome even for HBO.
1408	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-29	Said this in the nitpick thread: if those were supposed to be fetuses, Selyse must have been five months overdue with that huge middle one!
1409	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	Said this in the nitpick thread: if those were supposed to be fetuses, Selyse must have been five months overdue with that huge middle one!Well they could be stillborn fully grown 9 months babies. I've seen some pretty big stillborn babies in jars in anatomy museums.
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 29 April 2013 - 05:25 PM.
1410	Death by Cupcakes	2013-04-29	How would that be different from a proper cremation, really?
Additionally, one would get some use out of them. Just ask any student of medicine.
1411	A Man Has Said	2013-04-29	Having just watched Elio and Linda's review of the episode, I can't understand why this wasn't mentioned. I'll just have to assume that it was because they were being too busy being upset about the TV shows creating a gay lover for Loras. And BTW, I've yet to see anything in the books that more than hints (and I mean very vaguely) at Loras and Renly having been gay lovers. The TV writers are really overselling that.
I've noticed though that in the UK the entertainment industry tries very hard to depict society as being as gay as the entertainment industry in the UK - which appears to be about 10X as gay as the general population.
1412	juanml82	2013-04-29	Maybe the big one wasn't a fetus. Maybe he was born disabled or with a very nasty deformation/disability and died as a baby.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 29 April 2013 - 05:34 PM.
1413	Titan	2013-04-29	And BTW, I've yet to see anything in the books that more than hints (and I mean very vaguely) at Loras and Renly having been gay lovers. The TV writers are really overselling that.Have you considered that this might be because neither Renly nor Loras are POV characters?I've noticed though that in the UK the entertainment industry tries very hard to depict society as being as gay as the entertainment industry in the UK - which appears to be about 10X as gay as the general population.Oh never mind. This explains your previous comment *quite* well.
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 29 April 2013 - 11:12 PM.
1414	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	As much as I don't want to see those disgusting fetuses again, I hope they were added for a reason and not just to make Selyse creepy on a Lysa level.
1415	Envie	2013-04-29	Showing dead babies in jars was pretty creepy, even for HBO standards ... but going so far as to throw dead babies into a fire for sacrifice would be over the top. WAY over the top. This stuff wasn't in the books and the books had plenty of gruesome bits, even babies being killed, but I really hope they're not seriously going to use those for the king's blood ritual.
1416	Raion Laion	2013-04-30	Tara owned EVERYTHING on that scene. Geez. I didn't know it was possible to be That good. Babies? What babies? I was too busy adoring that woman to even care.
1417	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	interesting theory i was thinking something along thoes lines my self, but not sure. reguardless those fetuses were soo creepy kinda gives a real weird side to Selyse but i like it. and as said by someone already that baby in the middle (the huge one) was a bit too big to be a newborn it was like the side of a fat healthy 6month old or something. maybe he wasnt fully still born but liked for just a small time
1418	TheDarkOne	2013-04-30	The worst part about the babies in the jar is that it looks like a writer ripped off the Governor's gimmick in the Walking Dead.
I just don't understand some of the changes they make. It's just ridiculous.
1419	BlackTalon	2013-04-30	Said this in the nitpick thread: if those were supposed to be fetuses, Selyse must have been five months overdue with that huge middle one!Well they could be stillborn fully grown 9 months babies. I've seen some pretty big stillborn babies in jars in anatomy museums.It might be just the lens effect from the curved wall of glass filled with liquid.
1420	Net-Viper X	2013-04-30	Maybe the whole thing is just a throwback to the days of the siege at Storms End and starving their asses off. You never know when the day might come that your down to eating boot leather and those baby jars start looking better than pickled pigs feet.
Someone had to say it, might as well be me. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1421	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	This is another great example of something people wouldn't have a problem with if it had been in the books, but because it's not they freak out.  Someone mentioned the scene in the books where Jaime has sex with Cersei mid-period next to their son's dead body as a counterpoint to the baby jars.  I can only imagine the outrage if that hadn't been in the book, but appears in the show.
1422	Currawong	2013-04-30	Perhaps we should let none other than Bryan Cogman himself - yes, the well-respected writer for this episode! - explain those babies in jars:-    http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.html
1423	Robb_Starkers	2013-04-30	Foetuses in jars came as a bit if a shock to me. 
Be honest, did anyone see anything that bizarre coming in this series?
What next?
1424	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Foetuses in jars came as a bit if a shock to me.Be honest, did anyone see anything that bizarre coming in this series?What next?Maybe men who have been partially turned to stone attacking a ship.Or maybe even Arya learning mystical ninja powers!
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 04:50 AM.
1425	Roose Seal	2013-04-30	Foetuses in jars came as a bit if a shock to me.Be honest, did anyone see anything that bizarre coming in this series?Uhm... shadow baby?The jar babies really aren't that bizarre, compared to a lot of stuff that happens or will happen in the show. I really don't know what's the big deal here.
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 30 April 2013 - 05:07 AM.
1426	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Maybe men who have been partially turned to stone attacking a ship.Or maybe even Arya learning mystical ninja powers!don't forget that weird time warp that happened in the same chapter as the stone men.while there are some things that are certainly weirder than babies in a jar. I think that the reason it came as a shock is cause those can be chalked up as typical fantasy stuff, while the babies thing seems like it could actually be going in some deep dark part of someones basement.
1427	stannisismyking	2013-04-30	I've seen a lot of people saying the stillborns wil be used in lieu of leeches. But in Bryan Cogman's interview he talks about them being something he just wrote in on the fly as a way of showing her grief (too much!!) and he was actually surprised that they weren't cut from the script!  and they're his favourite on-set "props" (for the love of R'hllor, why!).
[Something Something] to do with Gendry still seems the more likely option to me.
1428	Lord Varys	2013-04-30	If they want to connect the Dragonstone plot with the overall story (meaning the Red Wedding this season, and the Purple Wedding next season) they'll have to give us a sacrifice of sorts that precedes the Red Wedding. After all, if Gendry is going to play the role of Edric Storm on the show he is not going to killed.
We already know from the synopses of 3.06-3.08 that Melisandre is going to arrive in the Riverlands next episode. But she will only tell Gendry the secret about his heritage in episode 7, which will convince him to accompany him to Dragonstone to meet the remainder of his family (uncle Stannis, auntie Selyse, and cousin Shireen).
In episode 8 - one episode before the Red Wedding - Davos is going to demand proof from Melisandre. Proof that sacrificing Gendry is actually going to get Stannis what he wants. Part - if not all of tis proof - will be the Red Wedding. But to prove that her magic can change the course of the future Mel has to do something to give everyone the impression she can change it. Something has to be sacrificed before the Red Wedding. Meaning that we'll get either the leech scene, or a variation of it involving the stillborn children. The fact that there are three stillborn sons in glasses, three kings Stannis wants dead, and three leeches in the book strongly suggests that the show might swap the leeches for the stillborns.
As to the sacrifice plot in general: I don't see that this is going to be resolved this season. In the books Stannis only starts to crack after all three kings have died, and at least Joffrey is not going to die this season. Since Gendry and Mel only seem to return to Dragonstone in as late as episode 8, I don't see them rushing along to Davos reading the letter from the Night's Watch this season. Since that's going to lead to Stannis decision to sail North this should only happen in the middle of season 4. Else the Dragonstone crew has to disappear for nearly all of season 4 if they don't want to spoil the surprise that Stannis is going to come to the rescue of the Night's Watch. And that's a development you really don't want to spoil!
To make the Gendry thing a tough issue to Stannis we have to see how Shireen starts to bond with her bastard cousin. And since they now introduced both Shireen and Selyse it seems that they intend to do something with those characters.
And I'd be very surprised if Gendry would return to the Riverlands. He may very well stay with Stannis, stepping in for Devan Seaworth and serve as Stannis' squire when they reach the Wall.
1429	valerio	2013-04-30	Has anyone noticed that one of the foetuses is named Edric? A nod to the book readers, as the reference to Tyrion's nose, don't you think ? Maybe a little macabre , but still nice.
1430	Kaitscralt	2013-04-30	It must be said again that having the dead things in jars and the sick daughter locked up was almost identical to the Governor's chambers in The Walking Dead.
I'm over it though, I loved everything about Dragonstone this episode.
1431	Sam with Hooters	2013-04-30	Lord Godric wrote:As much as I don't want to see those disgusting fetuses again, I hope they were added for a reason and not just to make Selyse creepy on a Lysa level.Yeah, I keep picturing Shireen and Sweetrobin meeting someday and having a can-you-top-this about "My mama was SO crazy . . . "!
1432	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	I think I am the only one so far who really loved the fetus room.
1433	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	It must be said again that having the dead things in jars and the sick daughter locked up was almost identical to the Governor's chambers in The Walking Dead.I'm over it though, I loved everything about Dragonstone this episode.LOL I just said the same thing on The Baratheons tread /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes it was creepy but it show to an extend how big of a fanatic she is. And one of the leaches oups...  dead babies was called Edric....this gives me to many creepy ideas regarding three king's deaths Mel will give Stannis...
1434	Spidey	2013-04-30	Dead babies are dead. You can't use them for magic, since there is no life to sacrifice. So no. Gendry will be the one, but he might not die. Most likely it will seem like he's going to die but he will end up just getting leeched.What would be the point of that? If they opt for the leeches, they could've just used Stannis' blood in the first place.I think Thoros will convince Mel that she doesn't need to sacrifice Gendry. Then Mel goes back and burns the fetuses.
1435	Raion Laion	2013-04-30	I think I am the only one so far who really loved the fetus room.You're not alone.
1436	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I think I am the only one so far who really loved the fetus room.I do as well. I'm not sure what the issue is here. As far as I can see, it's a memorable prop that will ensure that Selyse is remembered, it's creepy, its haunting, and it's unique. It was also very sorrowful, particularly when Selyse named each one. It's supposed to be distasteful, but also intriguing, and it certainly is effective in both those cases.
1437	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	Also it's strong contrast to see how she named her dead babies and cares more about them then she does about her living daughter.
1438	cybobbie	2013-04-30	I get why they used the babies and after reading the interview with Bryan it was more than clear, but despite the reasons I have to say that the scene creep me out, I mean Selyse is more sick in that scene that I ever pictured her in the books. She and Lysa are in the top of the list as sicked minded imo. However to think that they can use the babies as a sacrifice (I guess that burning them could be as much a sacrifice as burning the leeches), is going to be a huge shocking scene. I don't know if they will consider it, but it's a possibility.
1439	Envie	2013-04-30	It's not so much a big deal they showed dead babies in jars (that's just creepy drama that showed how nutty Selyse is) - but what bothers me are all the theories that those babies are going to be the convenient and much more dramatic replacements for the leeches in the book. For one it's not really believable that the blood in the long dead babies is even viable for magical use, and for two, they've left out most of the details of why Stannis is so 'weak' (from the blood letting and demon baby making) and so it's confusing and non book readers may not really be following what's going on there. Maybe they feel the need to bash viewers over the head with macabre stuff like burning dead babies, I dunno. Ugh.
And yes, there were plenty of gruesome things described in the books too, I'm just disinclined to feel the addition of dead babies in jars was really necessary to convey what the actress herself did well enough in the scene. I'll admit I thought they were cool looking and creepy (I like creepy stuff, look at my avatar!) ... I just don't buy the theory of them being powerful magic ingredients. Then again, Varys had his junk used for powerful magic too haha!
1440	A Man Has Said	2013-04-30	Have you considered that this might be because neither Renly nor Loras are POV characters?[/background][/font][/color]Oh never mind. This explains your previous comment *quite* well.No.I'm not being homophobic at all. You're jumping to a conclusion.I've got no problem with there being a lot of gays in the UK's entertainment industry. I thought "Doctor Who" was at it's peak when Russell T. Davis was in charge, and I liked "Torchwood" even better. And I don't have a problem generally with gay characters on screen. I'm straight, but not narrow.Watch the review of the episode by Elio and Linda, and they're quite upset about the scene in question. It is a gratuitous insertion into the show of something that never even comes close to happening in the books. It does nothing to develop either the characters or the narrative. In fact it slanders Loras in the context of his gay relationship with Renly, and how deeply he felt about the man. So I'm just trying to explain why it's there even though it goes against the overall story logic.
1441	Robb_Starkers	2013-04-30	Uhm... shadow baby?The jar babies really aren't that bizarre, compared to a lot of stuff that happens or will happen in the show. I really don't know what's the big deal here.Maybe bizarre was not the most appropriate word. I meant that it is far removed from anything in the book. Of course a lot of things in the story are bizarre, it's a fantasy world but the producers must have read the book, liked it and thought:"You know what this is missing...........? Foetus jars!"What I meant was, if you asked 100 people to write a list of things they thought would have been changed from the book; not one person would have wrote down jars of foetus'. Ask a million people, still no.  That is my point, I apologise if I did not articulate it well.
1442	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-30	I kinda thought Mel would try to sacrifice Shireen, and Davos would rescue her, since they're buddies now.  Shireen teaching him to read was precious.   /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />
1443	Mammothsbane	2013-04-30	I kinda thought Mel would try to sacrifice Shireen, and Davos would rescue her, since they're buddies now.  Shireen teaching him to read was precious.   /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />If Stannis even for a second considers sacrificing his daughter to the fire to "awaken stone dragons" like the Targs he will be so beyond saving it'll be laughable. I know D&D don't like Stannis as a character but THIS would be too far.
1444	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-30	It does seem extreme, so let's hope it doesn't come to that.  Maybe that'll be the point when she starts creeping on John Snow instead.
1445	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-07	I actually LIKE the change they made with Selyse being so crazy and keeping the fetuses in jars . . .
...Explains why she's "locked in a tower."  Let's assume that with every pregnancy she gets closer to baying-at-the-moon-naked insane, maybe even with postpartum psychosis.  She's locked up for her own safety.
...Explains why Stannis doesn't sleep with her . . . not because of the mustache ick-factor but to spare her any more pregnancies.  (No, I don't know why he couldn't just secretly dose her with moon tea . . . ).  Plus, he wouldn't feel very . . .motivated . . .with the dead babies peeking at him.  Humanizes the guy a bit ...a serious conflict between his duty to get a male heir and his decent streak, not to torment his wife.
...Explains why Shireen has turned into a Patchface-hybrid.  Mama thinks she's only a worthless GIRL, and Daddy has plenty of issues of his own.  No WONDER she doesn't mind spending hours and hours hangin' with Davos in the prison cell and/or seeks solace in books.
It just makes so much more SENSE than Stannis avoiding Selyse because of her mustache.  They do have razors in Westeros.  Or he could try, you know, extinguishing the lanthorn and pretending she's TEH HOT.  I know, I know, the guy doesn't have much imagination ...
1446	callmedodge	2013-05-08	I like this idea. I like this very much.
Especially in the sense that Mel will sacrifice the stillborns to prove her magic will work. But then, of course, Davos gets Gendry out in time before they try to kill him. Sends Gendry off to Bravos where he can meet up with Arya again.
Sorted.
1447	First of My Name	2013-05-08	I believe it was said in the Cogman interview (it was in the announcement liston the left of this site) that those babies where more or les thrown in without that much thought behind it. Somebody just came up with it.
1448	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-08	First of My Name wrote:I believe it was said in the Cogman interview (it was in the announcement liston the left of this site) that those babies where more or les thrown in without that much thought behind it. Somebody just came up with it.Yes.  But you can't stop fans -- any fans, of any fandom whatsoever -- from extrapolating and speculating!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />    Just because it the babies weren't thoughtfully-planned-out-and-intentional doesn't mean they're not brilliant.  Maybe the writer(s) were intuitive instead of analytical; either way, I like the change.
1449	Not-a-Weirwood-Tree	2013-05-08	Maybe Melisandre can just sacrifice the babies. Problem solved.
1450	xylem	2013-05-10	Besides, in the book they have time to TELL us about Selyse and all her childlessness and the miserable marriage between herself and Stannis.  
In the show, they don't have the time to tell us... instead they SHOW us.  That one scene with the babies in the jar tells us a ton about Selyse.... all without saying a word.  We now know something about her history, her emotional state, perhaps something about the state of her relationships with other people in her family (because if she's that obsessed with the jars, chances are she's not very emotionally involved with anyone else) etc.
I thought it was a very effective device.  It uses the VISUAL aspect of television in a nice way to do some story-telling that otherwise would have required many more words
1451	Lord Varys	2013-05-10	If the babes are going to fulfill the role of the leeches Cogman would not tell us that they before the episode in question airs. The thing may have started as weird idea, but I honestly doubt that they would explore Selyse's stillborn sons and show us their remains if this whole thing is not going to become a plot point. So my guess is that Cogman's weird idea evolved and now the stillborns are going to replace the leeches.
1452	Woel	2013-05-10	This is another great example of something people wouldn't have a problem with if it had been in the books, but because it's not they freak out.  Someone mentioned the scene in the books where Jaime has sex with Cersei mid-period next to their son's dead body as a counterpoint to the baby jars.  I can only imagine the outrage if that hadn't been in the book, but appears in the show.Very good comparison! That scene (Jaime and Cersei) was pretty disturbing in the books. I actually hope it isn't included in the TV show, to be honest.Besides, in the book they have time to TELL us about Selyse and all her childlessness and the miserable marriage between herself and Stannis.  In the show, they don't have the time to tell us... instead they SHOW us.  That one scene with the babies in the jar tells us a ton about Selyse.... all without saying a word.  We now know something about her history, her emotional state, perhaps something about the state of her relationships with other people in her family (because if she's that obsessed with the jars, chances are she's not very emotionally involved with anyone else) etc.I thought it was a very effective device.  It uses the VISUAL aspect of television in a nice way to do some story-telling that otherwise would have required many more wordsGood points! You successfully changed my opinion on this.
1453	xylem	2013-05-10	@ woel - (grin).. my pleasure!   And btw - I think you've probably nailed it re the use of Gendry in the show... the continued plot changes in ep 6 seem pretty consistent with that guess....
1454	RaidenSchumacher	2013-11-03	Dead babies are dead. You can't use them for magic, since there is no life to sacrifice. So no. Gendry will be the one, but he might not die. Most likely it will seem like he's going to die but he will end up just getting leeched.



Lol, nailed it. Sacrifice is not free that's the whole friggin' point of a sacrifice!
1455	M'lady Cynthia Rayder	2013-04-29	Hey All,
great episode last night, I apologise for not having my book to confirm this, but i do not recall this statement from Gendry to Arya in the books, that she wold be his family and he says that he would call her M'Lady.
Is this D&D knowing more about the future and setting up a  more visible foundation for future relationship between the two?
1456	Dove	2013-04-29	It's just a reference to Arya's high birth/Gendry's low birth. He's saying "We can't be family because you'll always be above me", thus m'lady.
1457	Moshroom	2013-04-29	i think it's more about gendry thinking he would never be able to see arya as a part of his family because she is noble and he is lowborn / a bastard.
therefore he would always call her m'lady and never sister or something.
1458	cuendillar	2013-04-29	i think it's more about gendry thinking he would never be able to see arya as a part of his family because she is noble and he is lowborn / a bastard.therefore he would always call her m'lady and never sister or something.Definitely agree, that's roughly how I took it too. No matter Arya's intentions, everyone else would consider it odd - and more single out Gendry as "the Lady's pet" among other commoners which cannot be good for him. Arya would probably face similar suspicions from her social peers, whispers of an "un-prudent relationship" are probably almost unavoidable even if there's no actual ground for it apart from them spending time together.
1459	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	It's just a reference to Arya's high birth/Gendry's low birth. He's saying "We can't be family because you'll always be above me", thus m'lady.Yup.That said, the Tumblr shippers will have a field day with that line.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1460	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Is this D&D knowing more about the future and setting up a  more visible foundation for future relationship between the two? This was the first thought that crossed my mind as well! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1461	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	It's just a reference to Arya's high birth/Gendry's low birth. He's saying "We can't be family because you'll always be above me", thus m'lady.Yes. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> It made me really sad.
1462	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	I agree that Tumblr may explode as a result of the "I can be your family" line.
1463	shiola	2013-04-29	I didn't even think of the line as high birth/low birth, but that's so obvious now.  Derp.  I just thought it meant he could never see her as a sister because she's his lady-- just that their relationship is different than a family one.  I dunno.  I took it as bittersweet sort of, but it's actually showing class division and now I'm sad.
1464	The Night's Prince	2013-04-29	Pulling at straws here. The fact that Arya said, "I could be your family." is a direct counter to what you're trying to use as proof. It's more of a nod to Gendry/Sansa. LOL pulling at straws so badly.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Snow Reborn, 29 April 2013 - 07:47 PM.
1465	Morrigen	2013-04-29	I think there is more than one way to look at what Gendry said to her.  Yes, going with the Brotherhood in a sense of choosing his own fate/family, and yet I can't help but think of the Tywin/Arya scene from last season:Quote:Tywin Lannister: Girl, m'Lord. Low born girls say m'Lord, not my Lord. If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.Arya Stark: My mother served Lady Dustive for many years, my Lord. She taught me how to speak proper... properly.Tywin Lannister: You're too smart for your own good. Has anyone told you that?Arya Stark: Yes.Gendry uses the more term "My Lady", rather than "Milady".  Or am I hearing things?  Do you think he is over-emphasizing the separation between them?  It seems so formal.  I do think there are those who will read it as a term of courtly love.  Who is to say they are wrong?
1466	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	I didn't even think of the line as high birth/low birth, but that's so obvious now.  Derp.  I just thought it meant he could never see her as a sister because she's his lady-- just that their relationship is different than a family one.  I dunno.  I took it as bittersweet sort of, but it's actually showing class division and now I'm sad.It's because he delivers the line a bit awkwardly (It is worded a little strangely too, almost incomplete), so at first it looks like his honest smile is a romantic one. I had the same reaction at first but my disbelief stirred something within that made me realize he just meant he is not of birth to be family with a lady.
1467	LordStoneheart	2013-04-29	I wonder if by the end they really will be equals... He is the son of a king, after all, so he could in theory be legitimized. He never struck me as too politically-aspired or that smart, but that comes with the life he had.
But if he is chosen to carry on the Baratheon legacy besides Edric Storm he would in theory be an equal to Arya. Or a husband.
I don't like speculation that goes too far ahead in the future, but I would actually like that.
1468	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-29	But what if it is revealed that Gendry really is Robert and Cersei's kid.
Gendry did tell Ned that his mother had yellow hair and Cersei could have easily killed or paid off anyone who knows that she actually gave birth to Gendry.
Cersei did tell Cat that she lost a child one time.  What if she lied and actually had one of Robert's children and Gendry is it.
1469	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	It is all related to social status. Arya's the daughter of a highborn lord, with an old name.Gendry's a bastard and a smith's apprentice.
Knee-Slayer: Errr, no. That doesn't make any sense at all, except for the colour of Gendry's mother's hair. Which isn't really much.
1470	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-29	It is all related to social status. Arya's the daughter of a highborn lord, with an old name.Gendry's a bastard and a smith's apprentice.Knee-Slayer: Errr, no. That doesn't make any sense at all, except for the colour of Gendry's mother's hair. Which isn't really much.If R+L =J, then R+C=G is possible. To make it an even better twist.  Gendry and Joffery could be twins.  Jamie is Joffery's father while Robert is Gendry's father.  It is possible for a woman to have twins with 2 different fathers.
1471	Dove	2013-04-29	That would be... a very silly twist, imo, and I'm not sure what it would accomplish at all.
1472	victim	2013-04-29	The seed is strong... With the Edric/Gendry switch, it's possible (likely) that Gendry will discover who his real father is from Mel or Stannis. This has huge implications, because he never actually found out; he may have had suspicions but no actual proof. I'm not entirely sure how important Gendry will be to the Brotherhood/Stoneheart story, but I think it's very possible that he sticks with Stannis and goes to the Wall next season. I'm thinking they'll find a better way to use a character who at this point hasn't really had any use other than being a friend to Arya. On top of that, Gendry seems to be a fan-favourite (God knows why), so maybe they'll do it to keep him in the show.
1473	stiff_pirates	2013-04-29	i think it's more about gendry thinking he would never be able to see arya as a part of his family because she is noble and he is lowborn / a bastard.therefore he would always call her m'lady and never sister or something.I think deep down the proiducers/writers are hinting at something. When Gendry says 'I will call you m'lady', he means that if they wanted to be family it would be through marriage. The only reason i think this is because in the same episode, when Stannis visits Selyse, he calls her 'M'Lady'. So it mustn't be just be a term for low born to refer to highborn. Stannis never used this phrase in the show before - could be a little bit of a foreshadowing.Also, we know Arya pretty much forfeits her claim to anything as a Stark/Highborn when she runs off to Braavos.However, this is all speculation.
1474	Imp Riker	2013-04-29	When I read the thread title, I immediately expected a call me maybe parody about arya and gendry, no matter how outdated that reference would be. Sorry, just had to say that. Leaving now...
1475	Golden Direwolfs Companion	2013-04-29	I think the line was meant to have a double meaning.
1476	Montey14	2013-04-30	It's quite possible that Gendry didn't feel the same affection and closeness as Arya did for him  and he was trying to be polite.  He just didn't see her as family...In the book version Arya is hurt by Gendry's abandonment as well ...she goes on about her pack breakign up ....but that was quite a poignant scene ...especially in light of her family being broken apart.
1477	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Gendry uses the more term "My Lady", rather than "Milady".  Or am I hearing things?  Do you think he is over-emphasizing the separation between them?  It seems so formal.  I do think there are those who will read it as a term of courtly love.  Who is to say they are wrong?You're hearing things Gendry says milady, like it's one word which is what Tywin was talking about, Gendry is uneducated, he cannot read therefore he cannot know that "my lady" is two words thus he says them together milady.But what if it is revealed that Gendry really is Robert and Cersei's kid.Gendry did tell Ned that his mother had yellow hair and Cersei could have easily killed or paid off anyone who knows that she actually gave birth to Gendry.Cersei did tell Cat that she lost a child one time.  What if she lied and actually had one of Robert's children and Gendry is it.The child that Cersei had died, so Cersei instead threw him out to be raised by a different woman with yellow hair that would sing to him and worked at a tavern?Or are you going to claim that for the first few years of Gendry's life that Cersei would disguise herself as a commoner to go see her son all the time?The what if's in there are a crack pot theory. First problem? I believe that Gendry is too old to be Robert and Cersei's son. Cersei and Robert have been married for seventeen years so Gendry at most could be sixteen in Game of Thrones.... He seems older.Robert probably knocked up Gendry's mom before he was even married to Cersei.If R+L =J, then R+C=G is possible.That breaks all the laws of logic I've ever seen. Those two things have nothing to do with eachother. R+L=J has factual evidence that supports it, R+C=G doesn't have a leg to stand on in the books and I doubt that they'd make him Cersei's son in the show because it's changing too much of the plot from "A story of a Song of Fire and Ice" to "The Legend of King Arthur"To make it an even better twist.  Gendry and Joffery could be twins.  Jamie is Joffery's father while Robert is Gendry's father.  It is possible for a woman to have twins with 2 different fathers.You've been watching too much Maury Povich. Just because something is possible doesn't mean it happened.
1478	Batman	2013-04-30	Hey All,great episode last night, I apologise for not having my book to confirm this, but i do not recall this statement from Gendry to Arya in the books, that she wold be his family and he says that he would call her M'Lady.Is this D&D knowing more about the future and setting up a  more visible foundation for future relationship between the two?I must have been so desperate that when I first saw that scene I read it as "I dont want to be your family, I want you to be my lady". On second watching I wondered how I could have seen it as that. It seems more obvious that he wa saying "I would always be beneath you in standing, we can never be family".I maintain for Arya and Gendry but here doesnt seem the place to look
1479	Cravensbayne	2013-04-30	You're hearing things Gendry says milady, like it's one word which is what Tywin was talking about, Gendry is uneducated, he cannot read therefore he cannot know that "my lady" is two words thus he says them together milady.The child that Cersei had died, so Cersei instead threw him out to be raised by a different woman with yellow hair that would sing to him and worked at a tavern?Or are you going to claim that for the first few years of Gendry's life that Cersei would disguise herself as a commoner to go see her son all the time?The what if's in there are a crack pot theory. First problem? I believe that Gendry is too old to be Robert and Cersei's son. Cersei and Robert have been married for seventeen years so Gendry at most could be sixteen in Game of Thrones.... He seems older.Robert probably knocked up Gendry's mom before he was even married to Cersei.That breaks all the laws of logic I've ever seen. Those two things have nothing to do with eachother. R+L=J has factual evidence that supports it, R+C=G doesn't have a leg to stand on in the books and I doubt that they'd make him Cersei's son in the show because it's changing too much of the plot from "A story of a Song of Fire and Ice" to "The Legend of King Arthur"You've been watching too much Maury Povich. Just because something is possible doesn't mean it happened.Maury is very entertaining. I feel Gendry has a role to play. Hopefully he and Arya will rule as King and Queen. Ned thought Gendry looked just like Robert and that Arya looked like Lyanna...
1480	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Maury is very entertaining.I feel Gendry has a role to play. Hopefully he and Arya will rule as King and Queen. Ned thought Gendry looked just like Robert and that Arya looked like Lyanna...and Lyanna scaped/was kidnapped/whatever you think with/by Rhaegar.....
1481	boojam	2013-04-30	I think there is more than one way to look at what Gendry said to her.  Yes, going with the Brotherhood in a sense of choosing his own fate/family, and yet I can't help but think of the Tywin/Arya scene from last season:Quote:Tywin Lannister: Girl, m'Lord. Low born girls say m'Lord, not my Lord. If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.Arya Stark: My mother served Lady Dustive for many years, my Lord. She taught me how to speak proper... properly.Tywin Lannister: You're too smart for your own good. Has anyone told you that?Arya Stark: Yes.Gendry uses the more term "My Lady", rather than "Milady".  Or am I hearing things?  Do you think he is over-emphasizing the separation between them?  It seems so formal.  I do think there are those who will read it as a term of courtly love.  Who is to say they are wrong?That was pulled all the way back from ADwD , tho a conversation between two different characters.I guess I don't know my English class history very well.Was there a time when there were class distinctions between 'milady', 'my lady', 'milord', 'my lord' ... I thought it was a dialect sort of thing?I notice on the show there are few slips. High born and low born watch the references to 'mi' and 'my' in the scripts , tho guessing there have been slips.
1482	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-30	I honestly thought he was confessing to her.
Damn you, Tumblr. You've ruined me too.
1483	Conchobar	2013-04-30	But what if it is revealed that Gendry really is Robert and Cersei's kid.Gendry did tell Ned that his mother had yellow hair and Cersei could have easily killed or paid off anyone who knows that she actually gave birth to Gendry.Cersei did tell Cat that she lost a child one time.  What if she lied and actually had one of Robert's children and Gendry is it.Mind = Blown. I did not think of that...
1484	Morrigen	2013-04-30	That was pulled all the way back from ADwD , tho a conversation between two different characters.I guess I don't know my English class history very well.Was there a time when there were class distinctions between 'milady', 'my lady', 'milord', 'my lord' ... I thought it was a dialect sort of thing?I notice on the show there are few slips. High born and low born watch the references to 'mi' and 'my' in the scripts , tho guessing there have been slips.You missed my reference a bit.  This was a direct transcription of the Tywin/Arya scene from Season 2.  You are thinking of the original version from the book, and I was referring to the show version.  The Tywin/Arya scene made a point of the teminology difference, and I was pondering what the Gendry/Arya interaction meant.  I have watched it yet again, and I can definitely see it is written with Gendry emphasizing the separation between their stations.  Doesn't mean the shippers can't dream....
1485	Lady Phedre	2013-04-30	I think deep down the proiducers/writers are hinting at something. When Gendry says 'I will call you m'lady', he means that if they wanted to be family it would be through marriage. The only reason i think this is because in the same episode, when Stannis visits Selyse, he calls her 'M'Lady'. So it mustn't be just be a term for low born to refer to highborn. Stannis never used this phrase in the show before - could be a little bit of a foreshadowing.Also, we know Arya pretty much forfeits her claim to anything as a Stark/Highborn when she runs off to Braavos.However, this is all speculation.I think it's both. I think it is directly referencing the class division, since at this point Gendry doesn't know his parentage, and it is also setting up a future relationship between the two. But I also believe that GRRM sets that relationship up in the books - I could be wrong.
1486	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-30	It doesn't make much sense to me this relationship-to be meaning because Gendry is talking about staying with the BWB which is parting with Arya. They probably won't meet again until much later so, why to put that notion out there when a lot of time will have to pass to actually (and eventually) happen? Besides, she's a child and he isn't, I think we have enough creepiness with LF and Sansa.
1487	M'lady Cynthia Rayder	2013-04-30	I must have been so desperate that when I first saw that scene I read it as "I dont want to be your family, I want you to be my lady". On second watching I wondered how I could have seen it as that. It seems more obvious that he wa saying "I would always be beneath you in standing, we can never be family".I maintain for Arya and Gendry but here doesnt seem the place to lookI agree Batman. I watched the scene again and again and now I see what everyone else has stated. His response of "I will call you M'Lady" is pointing out to the fact that she is noble and him a bastard and therefore at this point in the story, he can not see them being family.I do hope... that they do end up together though, sick - right?
1488	M'lady Cynthia Rayder	2013-04-30	Gendry actually says "well you wouldn't be my family, you'd be (small pause) M' Lady"
I don't know now, I just watched it again and again... I am sticking with my original view of this scene... I think it is a small plug for something that is to come... Call me crazy, call me maybe.
1489	BluePG	2013-04-30	I don't know now, I just watched it again and again... I am sticking with my original view of this scene... I think it is a small plug for something that is to come... Call me crazy, call me maybe.I think the double meaning was what they were going for. It emphasizes what Arya fails to see in the books, which is that Gendry is very aware of their social standings (think about the Ned Dayne/bastard convo and how angry he gets).But it can also be taken as a shout-out to the shippers. I mean, they had to cut out Acorn Hall and the Peach scenes because if they had played that out on screen it would have looked extremely pervy.I think they did an excellent job of establishing what GRRM did, which is that they've been through hell together and have a bond because of it.
1490	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Maury is very entertaining.I feel Gendry has a role to play. Hopefully he and Arya will rule as King and Queen. Ned thought Gendry looked just like Robert and that Arya looked like Lyanna...Gendry is a blacksmith and a knight, why would that make him a good king? Because he's Robert's bastard son? Again that is turning this story into something straight out of a Legend of King Arthur.~~~~~~~~~~so the fact that their dad and aunt were suppose to get married is going to force Arya who is the reincarnated spirit of Lyanna and Robert's bastard son to get married?Lyanna didn't want to marry Robert. Robert loved her till his dying day because she was the unattainable girl for him, had he actually married her, he probably would've grown bored with her and went back to his lifestyle( just speculation, it's what Lyanna believed as well). Instead he drown his sorrow in wine and women and never got over his teenage crush.
1491	Zman1863	2013-04-30	The line was certainly chosen to have a possible double meaning to the viewer. This is true even if Gendry only meant it in its explicit context of the social class difference between the two. They could have framed the line in a way that would have been much less loaded, but they didn't. 
In the book there is one particular scene that clearly has romantic undertones. The scene in the show conveyed the same essential dynamic between the two characters; there is a potential something between the characters, but at this stage, neither of them are willing to acknowledge that, especially Arya who is really too young to pick up on such things in the books.
1492	MeadMaker	2013-04-30	I took it purely as a class statement. I'm not sure if I would even like for Arya and Gendry to have a relationship, it would mean an entire reversal of her entire story to this point to end up as a wife and mother.
1493	BastardSnow	2013-04-30	But what about the scene back at Herenhal where it looks like foreshadowing when Gendry had his shirt off practicing with the sword and Arya was eying him up an down? I think they are hinting at something.
1494	BluePG	2013-04-30	I took it purely as a class statement. I'm not sure if I would even like for Arya and Gendry to have a relationship, it would mean an entire reversal of her entire story to this point to end up as a wife and mother.Hah, yeah, as much as I want them to be reunited at some point in the future, I just don't see Arya ever agreeing to be a wife, let alone a mother.It would take some masterful writing to bring her back from where she is now. But I suppose if GRRM did want that, he has the talent to pull it off.
1495	AliKat	2013-04-30	Arya killed me this episode even though I have read the books and some of the lines are directly from it. Maisie Williams is such an amazing actress when she delivers the lines its like someone reached down your throat and ripped your heart out. When she went after The Hound , then this scene, then the scene with wanting Thoros to bring her father back - /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> If she doesn't win an emmy or Golden Globe this year, she was robbed. She was amazing in this episode. And she's going to kill us all after the RW.
1496	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	GRRM WHY YOU NO GIVE US MORE GENDRY IN THE BOOKS?
1497	BluePG	2013-04-30	I agree. Maisie Williams has turned out to be the perfect Arya. She really does hold her own in a show full of great actors.
1498	boojam	2013-04-30	That was pulled all the way back from ADwD , tho a conversation between two different characters.I guess I don't know my English class history very well.Was there a time when there were class distinctions between 'milady', 'my lady', 'milord', 'my lord' ... I thought it was a dialect sort of thing?I notice on the show there are few slips. High born and low born watch the references to 'mi' and 'my' in the scripts , tho guessing there have been slips.I meant the 'milady' and 'my lady' lines are from ADwD in a conversation between  Roose Bolton and Theon.I don't know if they are spoken sometime in the other novels since the Tywin-Arya dialog in season 2 was an invention.Quite clever in those verbal sparing scenes.
1499	Is He Dead Yet?	2013-04-30	The what if's in there are a crack pot theory. Yeah, it's like saying Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna Stark are Jon Snow's parents!(In truth, I think the C+R=G concept is a touch barmy, but in a fun way. Ditto R+L=J)
1500	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	I actually enjoy the Robert + Cersei = Gendry theory.  You guys come up with some good stuff.  Although it works better in the show than the books, because Gendry isn't as important in the latter.
1501	ViennaGirl	2013-04-30	noooooo! I knew this would happen the second TV Gendry said that! I agree with everyone here who says it's a high birth/low birth thing. He's saying she can't be his family, because he's lowborn and she's not. She would be his superior, not his sister. It's not a marriage proposal.
I listen to a podcast where the podcasters haven't read the books (I know...) and they devoted about 15 minutes to discussion about how Arya and Gendry are obviously going to fall in love, based on this line. Gah.
1502	Morrigen	2013-04-30	I meant the 'milady' and 'my lady' lines are from ADwD in a conversation between  Roose Bolton and Theon.I don't know if they are spoken sometime in the other novels since the Tywin-Arya dialog in season 2 was an invention.Quite clever in those verbal sparing scenes.    Yes, I knew which scene in ADWD you meant, and I also agree this scene was fabricated using it as source.  I also agree that Martin's wording is masterful, which is why I wonder if it was an intention slip in reference to the OP.  That's all.
1503	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	noooooo! I knew this would happen the second TV Gendry said that! I agree with everyone here who says it's a high birth/low birth thing. He's saying she can't be his family, because he's lowborn and she's not. She would be his superior, not his sister. It's not a marriage proposal.I listen to a podcast where the podcasters haven't read the books (I know...) and they devoted about 15 minutes to discussion about how Arya and Gendry are obviously going to fall in love, based on this line. Gah.Someone should tell them Bryan Cogman, the writer of the episode, said it's nothing more than a class thing. As cute as they are together, I ultimately don't want it to happen (in the show or the books) because Arya's young and it wouldn't be believable if she just starting shacking up with Gendry.  I do think that Arya will probably end up with someone lowborn, but is it going to be the first lowborn male she ever had a real relationship with?  I hope not.
1504	Dove	2013-04-30	In her inner monologue Arya repeatedly compares Gendry to Jon Snow, who she's extremely close to and sees as a brother. Taking it as possible foreshadowing is one thing (and definitely more wishful thinking than logical, but eh shippers gonna ship I guess?) but seeing it as any kind of confession in the present is just inserting subtext where it isn't there and missing the point.
It speaks to Arya's naivety about the class structure of her society even after everything she's been through that she's able to say something like "I can be your family" to a lowborn bastard. She's a noble, so it's easier for her to see things so simply. Gendry's lived a different life, though, and he has to be the one to remind her that that's just not how it works.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 30 April 2013 - 06:36 PM.
1505	yolkboy	2013-04-30	A note from Bryan Cogman via Ran...
Edited to add: Bryan contacted me to settle one last point, as many have been wondering about it: <U+0080><U+009D> Gendry<U+0080><U+0099>s line <U+0080><U+009C>you<U+0080><U+0099>d be <U+0080>milady<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> is about their class difference.  That<U+0080><U+0099>s it.<U+0080><U+009D>http://www.westeros....ew_Bryan_Cogman
1506	lylii	2013-04-30	I also believe it had a double meaning.  First, like other posters,  that it was a class distinction between Gendry and Arya.  The second, in my opinion, speaks more to the seperation of Arya by having anyone close to her.  Throughout the books we saw Arya deal with a lot more issues such as killing, murder etc then we have seen in the show (totally my opinion).  I've been somewhat dissapointed because on the show I didn't know how they would show the transition to her future.  However, by pointedly showing her seperation from Hot Pie and Gendry it is demonstrating how she has no one close to her and she can retain no one she can trust.... she essentially is becoming no one /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.
That's my two cents... I could be totally wrong but that is what I got from the scene.
Okay so I realized I used the word opinion too much... sorry.
					
					
							Edited by lylii, 30 April 2013 - 07:06 PM.
1507	Batman	2013-04-30	I agree Batman. I watched the scene again and again and now I see what everyone else has stated. His response of "I will call you M'Lady" is pointing out to the fact that she is noble and him a bastard and therefore at this point in the story, he can not see them being family.I do hope... that they do end up together though, sick - right?If that makes you sick then half the forum has the same affliction. Both actors will be in their 20's by the time it will happen, depending on how they handle things. I remain hopeful.
1508	superdeluxe	2013-05-01	But what about the scene back at Herenhal where it looks like foreshadowing when Gendry had his shirt off practicing with the sword and Arya was eying him up an down? I think they are hinting at something.She was so checking him out.
1509	Stannisfan	2013-05-01	Maybe in the show they need to emphasise their difference in status otherwise Gendry fans will be mad about him abandoning Arya and hate him, and they are obviously building his role up from what it was in the books.
1510	The Night's Prince	2013-05-01	But what about the scene back at Herenhal where it looks like foreshadowing when Gendry had his shirt off practicing with the sword and Arya was eying him up an down? I think they are hinting at something.Good lord....not this foolishness again. So every woman you find attractive it's destined you'll marry her right? Or guy if you're a chick. I'm sorry but that's hella weak. Straw grasping is common among arya/gendry shippers. They got nothing but weak "proof," if you can even call it that. The only thoughts she has about Gendry after they part are that he left her. Not one mention of that scene ever afterwards. Enough.In her inner monologue Arya repeatedly compares Gendry to Jon Snow, who she's extremely close to and sees as a brother. Taking it as possible foreshadowing is one thing (and definitely more wishful thinking than logical, but eh shippers gonna ship I guess?) but seeing it as any kind of confession in the present is just inserting subtext where it isn't there and missing the point.It speaks to Arya's naivety about the class structure of her society even after everything she's been through that she's able to say something like "I can be your family" to a lowborn bastard. She's a noble, so it's easier for her to see things so simply. Gendry's lived a different life, though, and he has to be the one to remind her that that's just not how it works.I'm going to need textual proof of this.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Snow Reborn, 01 May 2013 - 11:56 AM.
1511	cuendillar	2013-05-01	I think the wording itself was set up to avoid the love interpretation of the line. If they went for that, or even for actual ambiguity, Arya would have said "I can be your sister" instead. It makes no sense for Gendry to turn down "family" by proposing a romantic relationship, at all. Such a relationship would pretty much imply them becoming family.
Especially from the delivery, it's obvious that he only meant that no friendship could survive once she returns to her real family. She would become a princess and heir presumptive to the North then, while he becomes just a bastard blacksmith.
1512	Frumpus	2013-05-01	Arya is never going to meet Gendry again after they part ways. People need to give up hope on them ever being a couple.
1513	Arya87	2013-05-01	The line was certainly chosen to have a possible double meaning to the viewer. This is true even if Gendry only meant it in its explicit context of the social class difference between the two. They could have framed the line in a way that would have been much less loaded, but they didn't.In the book there is one particular scene that clearly has romantic undertones. The scene in the show conveyed the same essential dynamic between the two characters; there is a potential something between the characters, but at this stage, neither of them are willing to acknowledge that, especially Arya who is really too young to pick up on such things in the books.I agree. I remember this ambiguity in the book, particularly in one scene. It's just a hint, as it is in the show.
1514	Madfunkymonkey	2013-05-01	She was so checking him out.I don't think that Maisie was acting in that scene.At least this you-tube clip suggests otherwise.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=oz8q6ftDrFs
1515	superdeluxe	2013-05-01	Sean T Williams had a interview with Maisie about that scene with Gendry:She obviously has family on her mind in this episode. But when she tells Gendry "I can be your family," it sounds like she might mean something very different <U+0080><U+0093> even if she herself barely realizes it yet.When I first read that scene, it really got to me. I always knew that Arya and Gendry were going to take separate paths, but when you actually see it. . . I was really getting on well with Joe [Dempsie], and it was just like "Oh, this is going to end now." Then you go in do it. At first I read it as "You can come to Winterfell, I'll show you how everything goes, and you can come and sit at the table with us." I thought it would be a bit like Theon. But when I was doing the scene, [director] Alex Graves said "When you say that last line, 'I can be your family,' say it like 'I love you.'" And that's the take that they used. On the day, we didn't cut in between. We kept going, and going, and going again, which I really liked; otherwise, you get out of it and you have to try and build yourself back up to that point again. Sometimes I was really crying, and then we'd pull it back. I don't know how many we did, but the last one we did<U+0080>We settled on the one when I said it like "I love you," and it really works.Read more: http://www.rollingst...1#ixzz2S502Q5ov
1516	Newstar	2013-05-01	Sean T Williams had a interview with Maisie about that scene with Gendry:She obviously has family on her mind in this episode. But when she tells Gendry "I can be your family," it sounds like she might mean something very different <U+0080><U+0093> even if she herself barely realizes it yet.When I first read that scene, it really got to me. I always knew that Arya and Gendry were going to take separate paths, but when you actually see it. . . I was really getting on well with Joe [Dempsie], and it was just like "Oh, this is going to end now." Then you go in do it. At first I read it as "You can come to Winterfell, I'll show you how everything goes, and you can come and sit at the table with us." I thought it would be a bit like Theon. But when I was doing the scene, [director] Alex Graves said "When you say that last line, 'I can be your family,' say it like 'I love you.'" And that's the take that they used. On the day, we didn't cut in between. We kept going, and going, and going again, which I really liked; otherwise, you get out of it and you have to try and build yourself back up to that point again. Sometimes I was really crying, and then we'd pull it back. I don't know how many we did, but the last one we did<U+0080>We settled on the one when I said it like "I love you," and it really works.Read more: http://www.rollingst...1#ixzz2S502Q5ovUgh, superdeluxe, go ahead and break my heart, why don't you? Bawwwwwwwww Arya and Gendry bawwwwwwww! I don't even ship it in the books but bawwwwwwww!
1517	Stannisfan	2013-05-02	I love Arya but I can't see there being a happy ending for her /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> maybe GRRM will confound our expectations and have her settle down with Gendry and have loads of kids and then Nymeria finds them and has loads of puppies.
1518	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	Sean T Williams had a interview with Maisie about that scene with Gendry:She obviously has family on her mind in this episode. But when she tells Gendry "I can be your family," it sounds like she might mean something very different <U+0080><U+0093> even if she herself barely realizes it yet.When I first read that scene, it really got to me. I always knew that Arya and Gendry were going to take separate paths, but when you actually see it. . . I was really getting on well with Joe [Dempsie], and it was just like "Oh, this is going to end now." Then you go in do it. At first I read it as "You can come to Winterfell, I'll show you how everything goes, and you can come and sit at the table with us." I thought it would be a bit like Theon. But when I was doing the scene, [director] Alex Graves said "When you say that last line, 'I can be your family,' say it like 'I love you.'" And that's the take that they used. On the day, we didn't cut in between. We kept going, and going, and going again, which I really liked; otherwise, you get out of it and you have to try and build yourself back up to that point again. Sometimes I was really crying, and then we'd pull it back. I don't know how many we did, but the last one we did<U+0080>We settled on the one when I said it like "I love you," and it really works.Read more: http://www.rollingst...1#ixzz2S502Q5ovBRB WEEPING /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1519	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-02	My first initial gut reaction to their delivery of those lines, was that of the potential underlying romantic vibe, but I quickly dismissed it and went to the class division. When you watch it again, it is delivered in such a way that I think both meanings are there, which I think makes it all the more powerful and heartbreaking when they part.
I guess that interview confirms that they put that kind of feeling into on purpose and they are so damn good that's why we sense it.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 02 May 2013 - 11:49 AM.
1520	superdeluxe	2013-05-02	Definitely heart breaking for Arya :\
1521	Blood of the Flagon	2013-05-02	I think the scene is there because its the only way for them to get close to arya's "my pack deserted me they were never my pack" feelings and how hurt she is.
1522	Broken Fox	2013-05-02	If R+L =J, then R+C=G is possible. To make it an even better twist.  Gendry and Joffery could be twins.  Jamie is Joffery's father while Robert is Gendry's father.  It is possible for a woman to have twins with 2 different fathers..............
1523	Lady Arwen	2013-05-02	I think the show is definitely leaning towards an Arya/Gendry romantic angle. That scene at Harrenhal in which Gendry was all shirtless and sweaty and Arya was giving him the eye was definitely suggesting something. Whether or not this will manifest in the books is debatable. As predicted, Tumblr is loving this scene.
1524	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-03	I don't think that Maisie was acting in that scene.At least this you-tube clip suggests otherwise.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=oz8q6ftDrFsit's too bad Joe Dempsie doesn't see it the same way..http://watch.accessh...s/1579755675001
1525	Zman1863	2013-05-03	I think Cogman is blowing smoke. There's no way a loaded line like that could have been put in accidentally.
1526	superdeluxe	2013-05-03	I think Cogman is blowing smoke. There's no way a loaded line like that could have been put in accidentally.Heck even the Director instructed Arya to say it in a certain way. At the very least they want to leave it open ended.
1527	BluePG	2013-05-03	I think Cogman is blowing smoke. There's no way a loaded line like that could have been put in accidentally.For as great as Cogman is, doesn't it feel like he missed a lot?I mean, to not see that the Gendry line was going to be a big deal. But to also not realize that the Jamie/Brienne bath scene would have a sexual element to it while he was writing it?! I mean, come on, they are naked! And don't even get me started on his treatment of Loras.I just wonder if Cogman thinks there is any romance at all in ASOIAF.
1528	AGirlCanFight	2013-05-03	it's too bad Joe Dempsie doesn't see it the same way..http://watch.accessh...s/1579755675001Phew! Yeah, that just made me respect Joe more. lol.  Totally normal for a 14/15 yr old to think that about a 20-something yr old.  Kind of pedophile-ish  for that to go the other way.  Thank goodness.That said, I still hope Gendry and Arya's paths do cross a couple years down the road.  She's starting to lose herself and needs a reminder of what she used to be.  Jon could do that for her, but he only knows the rough, but happy little girl.  Gendry was there for her as her world started to shatter.  I wouldn't mind a relationship, but I would like to see a re-kindled friendship at least.  Will it happen? Prob not, but I gave up trying to predict the way GRRM writes, so maybe.
1529	boojam	2013-05-04	For as great as Cogman is, doesn't it feel like he missed a lot?I mean, to not see that the Gendry line was going to be a big deal. But to also not realize that the Jamie/Brienne bath scene would have a sexual element to it while he was writing it?! I mean, come on, they are naked! And don't even get me started on his treatment of Loras.I just wonder if Cogman thinks there is any romance at all in ASOIAF.I will leave out Loras.The scenes between Gendry/Arya , and especially Jamie/Brienne are not simple romance.It seems a long stretch in Gendry/Arya scene, that scene has a complex psychological undertone to it, Arya does not know where her family is and has gone though some brutal times , looking for a brother, agape with no eros involved.The Brieanne/Jamie scene is even more complex. She stands up nude to knock some sense into him. He does relent, leading to that story which I can't remember in the books, must have been there, but Cogman makes it more poignant than in the book, so far the best soliloquy across three seasons.The romance is phileo in in the book and , so far, has remained that way.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 04 May 2013 - 06:04 AM.
1530	Chickren	2013-05-04	I think Cogman's good. His attention to so much of the detail in asoiaf is refreshing. I'm not a book purist, I understand that things need to be changed in an adaptation. But I actually think the point about ignoring romance is a good one.I know hardcore fantasy fans sometimes want to ignore it, thinking it can only exist in a Disneyfied context, but romance exists in asoiaf with startlingly tragic regularilty, because GRRM understands what it can do for a story.  Without Robert's obsession with Lyanna or Rhaegar's need to possess her, there'd be no asoiaf. Ditto Jaime and Cersei's destructive love affair.  Or Jon Connington's undying unrequited love. Love and lust are powerful motivators, and can lead to horrible and fascinating decision making in human beings. Why would you attempt to adapt a character without including as much about their motivation as possible?It seems a long stretch in Gendry/Arya scene, that scene has a complex psychological undertone to it, Arya does not know where her family is and has gone though some brutal times , looking for a brother, agape with no eros involved.But you can't have a scene in a vacuum. There is a vague, adolescent and (on Arya's part at least) unexplored eros tone to their relationship, therefore no interaction between them exists without it.  It's hinted at with the wrestling, the brothel scene, the smelling...it's peppered sparsely throughout the books. Granted, the actors have a huge age difference and anything too direct would probably not play well, but you can leave the door open without making people want to vomit, just as the actors and director managed to do in this episode. The Brieanne/Jamie scene is even more complex. The romance is phileo in in the book and , so far, has remained that way.Upvote for working phileo into a conversation about a potential Jaime Lannister romance. Seriously, the scene is about an emotional connection over the Aerys confession, no question--that's the focus. But GRRM explicitly included sexual interest from both parties in that scene. Jaime's in ASOS and Brienne's detailed remembrance in AFFC.  Cogman did say in filming he found a sensual element which wasn't on the page. The question is, why wasnt it?  It was on GRRM's page. And, as Brienne is in love with Jaime by the end of AFFC, phileo doesn't apply to their book relationship.  There won't be a romance between them, but there is a hefty amount of eros, at least on one side.  It has already been a powerful motivator for Brienne, and we can assume it will continue to be in the future.
					
					
							Edited by Chickren, 04 May 2013 - 01:31 PM.
1531	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-04	Phew! Yeah, that just made me respect Joe more. lol.  Totally normal for a 14/15 yr old to think that about a 20-something yr old.  Kind of pedophile-ish  for that to go the other way.  Thank goodness.That said, I still hope Gendry and Arya's paths do cross a couple years down the road.  She's starting to lose herself and needs a reminder of what she used to be.  Jon could do that for her, but he only knows the rough, but happy little girl.  Gendry was there for her as her world started to shatter.  I wouldn't mind a relationship, but I would like to see a re-kindled friendship at least.  Will it happen? Prob not, but I gave up trying to predict the way GRRM writes, so maybe.but it's not up to GRRM really is it? Gendry has become a main character, which means he's not going to disappear when Arya leaves the BwB.  He's taking over Edric Storm's role but after Davos releases him does he sail off to Essos never to be heard from again? Or does he return to the BwB to find Beric dead and Lady Stoneheart running the show?so yeah where Gendry ends up could change from what the books did with him.Upvote for working phileo into a conversation about a potential Jaime Lannister romance.Seriously, the scene is about an emotional connection over the Aerys confession, no question--that's the focus. But GRRM explicitly included sexual interest from both parties in that scene. Jaime's in ASOS and Brienne's detailed remembrance in AFFC.  Cogman did say in filming he found a sensual element which wasn't on the page. The question is, why wasnt it?  It was on GRRM's page.GRRM wrote they thought about it, it would be too out of place for either character to say something about it in this scene right now. Later on might Jaime say something to the mute guy he spares with or could Brienne mention it to Pod? It seems possible. I don't think it takes much imagination to know there's some sexual tension in this scene, Brienne guarding herself because she'd almost just been raped but then exposing herself and having Jaime eye her up and down? It can't get clearer than that without words or graphic nudity.
1532	Chickren	2013-05-04	GRRM wrote they thought about it, it would be too out of place for either character to say something about it in this scene right now.I completely agree and including dialogue about it wasn't what I meant. Only that a look or other small non-verbal indication was certainly warranted.  Cogman's comments imply there wasn't even anything in the stage directions if, to him, the sensuality was a surprise. I don't think it takes much imagination to know there's some sexual tension in this scene, Brienne guarding herself because she'd almost just been raped but then exposing herself and having Jaime eye her up and down? It can't get clearer than that without words or graphic nudity.Yes, but again it seems that comes from the delivery of the actors and the direction, not the script. (See: sensuality, a surprise)I don't want to turn this into a Cogman bash when I really think the guy is pretty great. I'm just saying someone made a point saying that perhaps he overlooked romance, and I think it may be valid.I didn't mention it in my last post, but I also wish Loras's scene could have included even a split second of reticence indicating the depth of his former attachment to Renly as that continued devotion plays so well in the books. It may be no fault of the script, but I even found the Jon/Ygritte scene a little flat and lacking that teenage angsty desperation--not that I would describe theirs as a great romance.Back to the OP: I think when people took the Arya and Gendry interaction to mean something romantic, it probably would've been best to just leave it open to interpretation as the scene stood rather than to explicitly correct the intention after the fact.  What would it hurt?
1533	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-04	it's too bad Joe Dempsie doesn't see it the same way..http://watch.accessh...s/1579755675001Aww, I like Joe a lot.
1534	BluePG	2013-05-04	Back to the OP: I think when people took the Arya and Gendry interaction to mean something romantic, it probably would've been best to just leave it open to interpretation as the scene stood rather than to explicitly correct the intention after the fact.  What would it hurt?It wouldn't have hurt anything. I'm just unsure why he didn't leave it be. It seems like a weird stance to take.
1535	wandering	2013-05-04	Ayra loves Gendry like a brother, nothing more. There's nothing in the books or the show to support any kind of romantic element.
1536	Aegnor	2013-05-04	GRRM wrote they thought about it, it would be too out of place for either character to say something about it in this scene right now. Later on might Jaime say something to the mute guy he spares with or could Brienne mention it to Pod? It seems possible.Ilyn Payne. Which brings up a delicate issue which I wonder how they will handle. The actor who plays Ilyn will likely be dead in the next few months. The character's part in the series increases later on with the sparing with Jamie. Do they recast? Or do they eliminate the character like they did with Old Nan. Is it disrespectful to Wilco Johnson to recast the part?
1537	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-04	[/size]Ilyn Payne. Which brings up a delicate issue which I wonder how they will handle. The actor who plays Ilyn will likely be dead in the next few months. The character's part in the series increases later on with the sparing with Jamie. Do they recast? Or do they eliminate the character like they did with Old Nan. Is it disrespectful to Wilco Johnson to recast the part?The reason I didn't say "Ilyn Payne" is because I don't know how they'll deal with it. The important thing for Jaime is he finds someone he can trust not to talk about how he's no good with his left hand. Ilyn Payne fit that role perfectly as he cannot write and cannot talk. I remember that they didn't mention "The Joker" at all in the third Batman movie out of respect for the late Heath Ledger. It's not so simple with Ilyn Payne though, he will continue to get mentioned in Arya's death wish list nightly prayer whether they recast or not.
1538	BluePG	2013-05-04	Ayra loves Gendry like a brother, nothing more. There's nothing in the books or the show to support any kind of romantic element.Mhmm, debatable.Maybe I would agree with you, if you only read Arya's chapters at face value. But I think that would be doing a disservice to GRRM<U+0080><U+0099>s works. There is a reason they couldn't film scenes like Acorn Hall or the Peach.No matter what Arya is feeling (and between her showing jealousy over him with other women and protesting so quickly about him being her brother; I'm fairly certain I could argue that she at 11, doesn't understand exactly what she is feeling), I just don't buy that Gendry hasn't thought about it.He's 16 at this point in the story. Acorn Hall is the first time he sees her in a dress. We learn later at the brothel that a man calls her a <U+0080><U+009C>pretty little peach<U+0080><U+009D> when she is once again wearing a dress. You're telling me a 16 year old boy who has largely been in the company of men, doesn't notice this as well?His actions indicate he is taking notice. Asking her to tour the smithy at Acorn Hall, telling her she looks nice and then proceeding to wrestle with her only to end up tickling her? Arya takes the wrestling seriously, clearing trying to win, annoyed that Gendry is laughing about it. But once Gendry has her pinned, he proceeds to tickle her, not claim his victory as you might expect from two friends having a wrestling match.Or we could move on to the Peach where Arya doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t understand Gendry<U+0080><U+0099>s anger. Why is Gendry angry? Is it just because he is lowborn? Why does he suddenly care so much about being lowborn in comparison with Arya?  Why does he turn down free, willing sex?What emotion/feelings would account for all of Gendry<U+0080><U+0099>s behavior during/after Acorn Hall?But most importantly, if it can only be interpreted as brotherly affection, then why didn<U+0080><U+0099>t they film these scenes for the show?
1539	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Ayra loves Gendry like a brother, nothing more. There's nothing in the books or the show to support any kind of romantic element.Ehh, no. You kind of missed it. Arya is pissed off that Gendry would give attention to silly whores. Why did she get so pissed off there? There's an obvious romance there at least in her eyes. But alas he leaves her behind.It's actually surprising to me that anyone could miss the obvious tension in that scene where she tells Gendry to let the girl ring his bells or however it's phrased. You ought to re-read I think,
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 10:06 PM.
1540	lannistergold	2013-05-04	For once, I'm on the shipping... ship. While they're not around to see it, it would be the Stark-Baratheon (who knows, maybe Gendry will be legitimated) union that Ned and Robert hoped for.
1541	Peptalk	2013-05-05	No, no, no! I did not see any romance in the novels and I haven't in the TV series so far. I'm not shipping that route. Perhaps in a far off future when they are both much older, but certainly not now.
1542	Master Forel's Fro	2013-05-05	I think the friendship they formed would last a lifetime like their parents. Why can't they be bro/sis/bff like their fathers were bros without it leading to anything.
1543	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-05	I always read it as some romance that wasn't even understood by either character yet.
1544	superdeluxe	2013-05-06	I think the friendship they formed would last a lifetime like their parents. Why can't they be bro/sis/bff like their fathers were bros without it leading to anything.You didn't read the part about Ned and Robert doing a little hanky panky?
1545	Starks Among Us	2013-10-18	But what if it is revealed that Gendry really is Robert and Cersei's kid.
Gendry did tell Ned that his mother had yellow hair and Cersei could have easily killed or paid off anyone who knows that she actually gave birth to Gendry.
Cersei did tell Cat that she lost a child one time. What if she lied and actually had one of Robert's children and Gendry is it.


I had a similar thought when I first started reading the books. Then however, I thought that it would be near impossible for Cersei to be pregnant, have an entire pregnancy in the public eye, give birth, and then give the baby away or get rid of it after the birth. I think Robert would have noticed. Plus, if Gendry remembers his mother had yellow hair, he would have been old enough to remember having had a mother, doubtful Cersei could keep a child around for about five years and then just get rid of it without anyone's suspicions getting raised.
1546	jom	2013-10-20	I had a similar thought when I first started reading the books. Then however, I thought that it would be near impossible for Cersei to be pregnant, have an entire pregnancy in the public eye, give birth, and then give the baby away or get rid of it after the birth. I think Robert would have noticed. Plus, if Gendry remembers his mother had yellow hair, he would have been old enough to remember having had a mother, doubtful Cersei could keep a child around for about five years and then just get rid of it without anyone's suspicions getting raised.



I never really noticed this. I just thought the reason behind Gendry mentioning his mother's hair color was to show that Baratheon's "seed" was strong. I thought it was just one of the clues that lead Ned to see that Cersei's children could not have been Robert's.....
1547	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	Did anyone else think that with this scene, the show established one of its most brutal and haunting scenes up to this point? The slaughter of children will of course always be somewhat brutal, but I feared we could have another 'stable boy' type killing. As short as their role was, those kids did really well, and the way it was filmed / executed as a whole made it look like a nightmare. I imagine if you don't know what's happening, it might be even more so. This was definitely a very good scene that had an impact, imo.
1548	Darkstar For King	2013-04-30	It was a tough scene to watch, when ever they show children getting it's always difficult to swallow.A somewhat comedic take on the scene.
1549	lannistergold	2013-04-30	It was easier to sympathise (though not agree) with Karstark in the books, when the killing was mercifully told rather than shown. Showing it was enough to make me hate him, and I was almost cheering when his head rolled (restrained by the fact that there are bound to be ramifications for Robb)
1550	Raion Laion	2013-04-30	Man, that scene was very twisted. "I'm just a squire", then stab.
This episode was quite tough on the kids. Lonely Shireen, grieving Arya, and the boys. Feels very, very bad.
1551	giant snake	2013-04-30	I hate Karstark.  I get it that the Northmen are more sullen and willing to hold onto grudges longer and expect their voice to be the one the King listens to every time, but the man was far less emotionally stable than even Catelyn and really screwed his king and country over.
1552	Raion Laion	2013-04-30	The guy is punanas. Anyone that unleashes his vengeful rage on a pair of little boys is no better than Gregor Clegane.
					
					
							Edited by Raion Laion, 30 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
1553	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Great great scene.  Karstark is a fantastic casting.
1554	Dove	2013-04-30	It's a horrible thing anyway, but having that scene start from the perspective of the children was a very good way to build even more sympathy for them. It made the whole thing even more distressing and brutal.
"Is this a rescue?" /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1555	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-30	Yeah, poor lads...
1556	dtones520	2013-04-30	It's a horrible thing anyway, but having that scene start from the perspective of the children was a very good way to build even more sympathy for them. It made the whole thing even more distressing and brutal."Is this a rescue?" /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />When he said that, I said out loud "Nope, your going to die!"
1557	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Maybe i will have to watch it again, but i didn't think that scene hit me as hard slynt stabbing the baby in the season 2 premeire, that was all kinds of screwed up. Well killing innocent kids is always fucked up but that really made my blood boil.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 30 April 2013 - 11:39 PM.
1558	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	This was a great addition. Introducing them beforehand, and the actual brutal way they were killed made it much more powerful and horrific. I wanted to kill Karstark myself at that point.
1559	Lehnaru	2013-05-01	Karstark breaking the door down and yelling was extremely terrifying, given his huge stature, severe and angry face, and his great white beard, especially since I knew what was going to happen beforehand.
1560	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-01	I thought it was a cowardly move in the books n worse when it's shown taking "revenge" on Lil boys that didn't kill his sons, he doomed himself, his house, his remaining son n daughter and robb so glad he's dad.
1561	Gryz the BlackSmith	2013-05-01	I didn't feel any special sympathy.
Thousands of kids have been slaughtered in the Riverlands during the year of the war between the Lannisters and the North. The Mountain wandered aimlessly through villages and the country-side. Killing innocent civilians, innocent kids, burning down houses and destroying anyone and anything that came in his path.
Nobody here ever made a thread how sad it was that so many innocent lowborn children died.
But now 2 highborn brats get killed, with a reason, and we all weep and cry and sob.
					
					
							Edited by Gryz, 01 May 2013 - 04:52 AM.
1562	King Tyrion I	2013-05-01	It was a tough scene to watch, when ever they show children getting it's always difficult to swallow.Absolutely seconded.A somewhat comedic take on the scene./lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> This is really hilarious.
1563	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	I didn't feel any special sympathy.Thousands of kids have been slaughtered in the Riverlands during the year of the war between the Lannisters and the North. The Mountain wandered aimlessly through villages and the country-side. Killing innocent civilians, innocent kids, burning down houses and destroying anyone and anything that came in his path.Nobody here ever made a thread how sad it was that so many innocent lowborn children died.But now 2 highborn brats get killed, with a reason, and we all weep and cry and sob.I don't think feeling bad for these kids means you can't feel bad for the Riverlands or that it means you're making excuses for the Mountain and Tywin... It simply means you're capable of seeing these boys are not responsible for the crimes of the Mountain...
1564	FattyPeon	2013-05-01	I didn't feel any special sympathy.Thousands of kids have been slaughtered in the Riverlands during the year of the war between the Lannisters and the North. The Mountain wandered aimlessly through villages and the country-side. Killing innocent civilians, innocent kids, burning down houses and destroying anyone and anything that came in his path.Nobody here ever made a thread how sad it was that so many innocent lowborn children died.But now 2 highborn brats get killed, with a reason, and we all weep and cry and sob.Don't be that guy.
1565	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	I didn't feel any special sympathy.Thousands of kids have been slaughtered in the Riverlands during the year of the war between the Lannisters and the North. The Mountain wandered aimlessly through villages and the country-side. Killing innocent civilians, innocent kids, burning down houses and destroying anyone and anything that came in his path.Nobody here ever made a thread how sad it was that so many innocent lowborn children died.But now 2 highborn brats get killed, with a reason, and we all weep and cry and sob.Nobody said they do not grieve and feel for the all the poor unnamed people that were killed during the war. This thread is exactly to point out that killing children is wrong, regardless of which social standard they are (nobody especially pointed out that they were highborn either).I agree that the casting of Karstark was excellent and that the scene was very emotional. It was a no-win situation for Robb: either he kills Karstark and loses half of his army, or he keeps listening to his complaining and comes out as weak (which may cost him trust of other men).
1566	Gryz the BlackSmith	2013-05-01	Nobody said they do not grieve and feel for the all the poor unnamed people that were killed during the war.True. But also, nobody ever said that they do feel for all the lowborn victims. For me, that is almost the same thing.Yes, it's a weird argument, because the books and tv-show are fiction. I'm not sure how to think about people not caring about some non-existing victims. But at the same time, they do care about other non-existing victims.Ever since I started to read the books, I realized that there is this issue that I am unclear about. Most of the POV characters are high-born. I am a democrat (not in the USA-sense of the word). I am not a monarchist. (We got a new Usurper in my country yesterday). I think all people are equal. I loathe any form of aristocracy. I always root for the underdogs (like most other people do). But in this book, many of the underdogs are not really underdogs. Like little Rickon. Like these 2 Lannister kids. Even Jon Snow, Sam Tarly and Tyrion Lannister are not truly underdogs. They are still highborn, had a proper education, can read, have special priviliges. And even in the worst of times, their outlooks are a lot better than that of the common folk. The real underdogs are the nameless victims of the war. The lowborn.(Edit: I tried to search for threads on these forums discussing lowborn casualties. Search is disabled. I've been reading these forums for over a year. I can't remember seeing any thread ever discussing the common folks).
					
					
							Edited by Gryz, 01 May 2013 - 05:40 AM.
1567	Dove	2013-05-01	I didn't feel any special sympathy.Thousands of kids have been slaughtered in the Riverlands during the year of the war between the Lannisters and the North. The Mountain wandered aimlessly through villages and the country-side. Killing innocent civilians, innocent kids, burning down houses and destroying anyone and anything that came in his path.Nobody here ever made a thread how sad it was that so many innocent lowborn children died.But now 2 highborn brats get killed, with a reason, and we all weep and cry and sob."with a reason"pfffhahahahaLike someone said, don't be that guy. The one who's contrary just for the sake of being contrary.People feel terrible for the hostage boys because their deaths were brutal and explicitly shown in a scene. Highborn or lowborn people would be going "Oh, shit, those poor kids /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />" In fact, just look at any thread that discusses the fate of Pia or Kyra or the little boy from the inn or any of the countless lowborn victims. A victim is a victim.
1568	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	I didn't feel any special sympathy.Thousands of kids have been slaughtered in the Riverlands during the year of the war between the Lannisters and the North. The Mountain wandered aimlessly through villages and the country-side. Killing innocent civilians, innocent kids, burning down houses and destroying anyone and anything that came in his path.Alfie Allen said it best in an interview, when he said "They deserve it, peasant boys." /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1569	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	True. But also, nobody ever said that they do feel for all the lowborn victims. For me, that is almost the same thing.Yes, it's a weird argument, because the books and tv-show are fiction. I'm not sure how to think about people not caring about some non-existing victims. But at the same time, they do care about other non-existing victims.Ever since I started to read the books, I realized that there is this issue that I am unclear about. Most of the POV characters are high-born. I am a democrat (not in the USA-sense of the word). I am not a monarchist. (We got a new Usurper in my country yesterday). I think all people are equal. I loathe any form of aristocracy. I always root for the underdogs (like most other people do). But in this book, many of the underdogs are not really underdogs. Like little Rickon. Like these 2 Lannister kids. Even Jon Snow, Sam Tarly and Tyrion Lannister are not truly underdogs. They are still highborn, had a proper education, can read, have special priviliges. And even in the worst of times, their outlooks are a lot better than that of the common folk. The real underdogs are the nameless victims of the war. The lowborn.(Edit: I tried to search for threads on these forums discussing lowborn casualties. Search is disabled. I've been reading these forums for over a year. I can't remember seeing any thread ever discussing the common folks).I am not sure which threads you read, but I can assure you there are many posts in General ASOIAF that express that the lowborn people suffer the worst and we feel for them.I understand and appreciate your political views, but they are not relevant to this discussion. Yes, the books and the show deal with the highborn because GRRM decided so as probably their lives seemed more interesting to describe to him. That does not mean we do not appreciate what the lowborns went through. I have not seen anybody ever complaining about Meribald's speech, and it is one of the more commented passages from the books.
1570	Akal Colzet	2013-05-01	I didn't feel disturbed. It was over quick, they weren't tortured like some others. The scene with the infant in Kings Landing evoked more of a response from me. As for innocen't, they are squires, they are helpless prisoners but not innocent as they are for all practical purposes soldiers just like Podrick Payne.
1571	Mulled Wino	2013-05-01	True. But also, nobody ever said that they do feel for all the lowborn victims. For me, that is almost the same thing.Yes, it's a weird argument, because the books and tv-show are fiction. I'm not sure how to think about people not caring about some non-existing victims. But at the same time, they do care about other non-existing victims.Ever since I started to read the books, I realized that there is this issue that I am unclear about. Most of the POV characters are high-born. I am a democrat (not in the USA-sense of the word). I am not a monarchist. (We got a new Usurper in my country yesterday). I think all people are equal. I loathe any form of aristocracy. I always root for the underdogs (like most other people do). But in this book, many of the underdogs are not really underdogs. Like little Rickon. Like these 2 Lannister kids. Even Jon Snow, Sam Tarly and Tyrion Lannister are not truly underdogs. They are still highborn, had a proper education, can read, have special priviliges. And even in the worst of times, their outlooks are a lot better than that of the common folk. The real underdogs are the nameless victims of the war. The lowborn.(Edit: I tried to search for threads on these forums discussing lowborn casualties. Search is disabled. I've been reading these forums for over a year. I can't remember seeing any thread ever discussing the common folks). You're reading the wrong books my friend.
1572	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-01	You're reading the wrong books my friend.Martin actually goes out of his way to show Gryz's point of view. The brotherhood without banners for one example; the Wildlings for another. And there's a growing arc with the Faith Militant, which is likely to be a commoner vs nobility theme. If you aren't noticing this, then you are missing a great deal of the framework of this story. The nobility oppresses people. The commoners hate it, but don't have a lot of opportunity to revolt.There IS a small tradeoff that you should also notice. On a more subtle note is the fact that all the nobility are forced to marry and breed for political reasons. Marrying for love is not a realistic goal for the nobility. You are told who to marry, and then you must have children. This is done for politics. Stannis, Renly, Robert, Robb, Ed, Catlyn, Sansa, etc... all have arc involving the political reality that marriage for nobility is not about your choices. Robb pays the ultimate price for choosing love/lust over politics.
1573	Versiroth	2013-05-01	I .... dislike.... the Lannisters.  Well, except for Tyrion.  He's cool. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1574	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I was always glad when Robb killed Lord Karstark and even moreso after watching it. I know killing him is a bad strategic move, but goodness that man deserved to die.
1575	A Man Has Said	2013-05-01	I have to say that for once the TV show did a better job than the books of showing a character's (Robb's) motivation. Reading the books I thought it stupid to have killed Karstark. Watching him kill those kids makes Robb's decision look a lot more like hard justice. It was hard for Robb, not just as a matter of expediency (losing Karstark's support and troops) but also due to the fact that the sons he was avenging died protecting Robb in battle.
War sucks. There are no winners, just one side doesn't lose quite as badly.
1576	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-01	I was always glad when Robb killed Lord Karstark and even moreso after watching it. I know killing him is a bad strategic move, but goodness that man deserved to die.I can see the argument that Karstark needed to die, but it's a very close call. The Lannisters were squires, and adults by most accounts in Westeros terms. I believe that they had taken up arms again the Starks as uniformed soldiers. They are the enemies of the Starks.And the Lannisters had just finished committing a whole skew of atrocities as they pillaged the riverlands. The Mountain's men were raping and murdering women and children as part of the Lannister strategy. Karstark also lost his own son's to the Lannisters while they were defending Robb against Jamie. I believe that in the books Robb would have been slain by Jamie if not for the Torrent and Eddard saving Robb. (feel free to check that out, I remember reading that Robb was dead if not for the efforts of his bannermen and I thought it was the Karstarks).At any rate, Karstark executed the Lannisters relatively humanely. They weren't tortured or abused. He shouldn't have done it, but it's very understandable that he did so. Especially in terms of the times, since they were squires, and therefore adult armed uniformed combatants in Westerosi society.
1577	Imp Riker	2013-05-01	I thought this scene was the most horrifying one on the show yet. We didn't actually "see" it in the books, we were told after the fact. Seeing it happen though, seeing the look on that kid's face when he was killed, it was heart breaking. They were only in two scenes, but once again they did a bang up job with the child actor casting (I'm assuming of course that these actors are 14, maybe 15 tops).A somewhat comedic take on the scene.That's the greatest thing I have ever seen. Thank you. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1578	'96Buck	2013-05-01	I can see the argument that Karstark needed to die, but it's a very close call. The Lannisters were squires, and adults by most accounts in Westeros terms. I believe that they had taken up arms again the Starks as uniformed soldiers. They are the enemies of the Starks.And the Lannisters had just finished committing a whole skew of atrocities as they pillaged the riverlands. The Mountain's men were raping and murdering women and children as part of the Lannister strategy. Karstark also lost his own son's to the Lannisters while they were defending Robb against Jamie. I believe that in the books Robb would have been slain by Jamie if not for the Torrent and Eddard saving Robb. (feel free to check that out, I remember reading that Robb was dead if not for the efforts of his bannermen and I thought it was the Karstarks).At any rate, Karstark executed the Lannisters relatively humanely. They weren't tortured or abused. He shouldn't have done it, but it's very understandable that he did so. Especially in terms of the times, since they were squires, and therefore adult armed uniformed combatants in Westerosi society.They were enemy combatants...which makes them POWs.  Noble sons under the protection of the king are not "in bounds" to be stabbed in their beds in Westerosi society. What's more bizarre, IMO, is that Karstark is so crazed for vengeance after the "murder" of his sons on the battlefield (in the book) or while on guard duty (show). Neither instance was murder, and he does their memories a disservice to call it such.  Especially as a Northman, it's unbecoming of him to not recognize that men in battle fall.
1579	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I can see the argument that Karstark needed to die, but it's a very close call. The Lannisters were squires, and adults by most accounts in Westeros terms. I believe that they had taken up arms again the Starks as uniformed soldiers. They are the enemies of the Starks.And the Lannisters had just finished committing a whole skew of atrocities as they pillaged the riverlands. The Mountain's men were raping and murdering women and children as part of the Lannister strategy. Karstark also lost his own son's to the Lannisters while they were defending Robb against Jamie. I believe that in the books Robb would have been slain by Jamie if not for the Torrent and Eddard saving Robb. (feel free to check that out, I remember reading that Robb was dead if not for the efforts of his bannermen and I thought it was the Karstarks).At any rate, Karstark executed the Lannisters relatively humanely. They weren't tortured or abused. He shouldn't have done it, but it's very understandable that he did so. Especially in terms of the times, since they were squires, and therefore adult armed uniformed combatants in Westerosi society.Yes, they were squires but in that moment, they were prisoners who were unarmed and while the Lannister armies were engaged in atrocities, those boys were locked up and not active participants.  And it's not like the Lannisters were the only ones committing ugly acts during the war, if you go by that theory then any prisoner of war should be free killing fodder.I don't think it's understandable that Lord Karstark did it, in the context of the books at all. His sons died fighting in the books, that's a risk of war and they died defending their king. You can't get a much more honorable death than that one.  I never understood his reasoning in the books. He was clearly allowing his grief to take over and ruin his ability to reason.  I thought that's why they changed it in the show to having one of his sons be killed in cold blood by Jaime b/c it makes Karstarks' desire for vengeance make more sense in a strange way. Ultimately, I think Lord Karstark must have unconsciously wanted to die though or else he wouldn't have tempted Robb into it so much.
1580	Akal Colzet	2013-05-01	Yes, they were squires but in that moment, they were prisoners who were unarmed and while the Lannister armies were engaged in atrocities, those boys were locked up and not active participants.  And it's not like the Lannisters were the only ones committing ugly acts during the war, if you go by that theory then any prisoner of war should be free killing fodder.I don't think it's understandable that Lord Karstark did it, in the context of the books at all. His sons died fighting in the books, that's a risk of war and they died defending their king. You can't get a much more honorable death than that one.  I never understood his reasoning in the books. He was clearly allowing his grief to take over and ruin his ability to reason.  I thought that's why they changed it in the show to having one of his sons be killed in cold blood by Jaime b/c it makes Karstarks' desire for vengeance make more sense in a strange way. Ultimately, I think Lord Karstark must have unconsciously wanted to die though or else he wouldn't have tempted Robb into it so much.Most people don't use the argument that they were POWs but instead focuses on their youth. The fact that they were prisoners and valuable hostages should have protected them. Their youth in itself should not.
1581	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	Agreed. Your age is irrelevant in Westeros, look what happens even to babes in their mother's arms.
1582	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	At any rate, Karstark executed the Lannisters relatively humanely. They weren't tortured or abused. He shouldn't have done it, but it's very understandable that he did so. Especially in terms of the times, since they were squires, and therefore adult armed uniformed combatants in Westerosi society. Not at the time they were killed. They were unarmed then. By killing them, he weakened the North's cause, too, because they had more value to Robb alive. They may have been traded for another captive, a son who would otherwise die.
1583	Dragonstoned	2013-05-01	Mmmn the show scene rammed home how terrible the act was, when reading the books I didn't appreciate it.
Agree a lot more now with Robb for executing Karstark.
1584	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-01	Not at the time they were killed. They were unarmed then.By killing them, he weakened the North's cause, too, because they had more value to Robb alive. They may have been traded for another captive, a son who would otherwise die.I agree with you on all counts, I'm not making the case for Karstark. As I said in the post you quoted, he was wrong to kill them. I just said that it's understandable. Karstark was unreasonably emotional here. Most of the things that sink characters in this story are emotional. Catlyn, Robb, and Walter Frey all being good examples of emotion getting in the way and making really stupid decisions.
1585	Clariana	2013-05-03	Karstark had to die not only for killing the squires but because of his implicit disloyalty to Robb in doing so.  Robb had determined that the boys would be held prisoner, he had extended them his protection. A king and a leader needs to be able to show that when he does this, the hostages concerned are safe. If they are not, what authority does that leader have? None.
Karstark further signed his death sentence by openly challenging Robb in front of his officers.
Robb really had no choice.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 03 May 2013 - 06:02 PM.
1586	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	I agree with you on all counts, I'm not making the case for Karstark. As I said in the post you quoted, he was wrong to kill them. I just said that it's understandable. Karstark was unreasonably emotional here. Most of the things that sink characters in this story are emotional. Catlyn, Robb, and Walter Frey all being good examples of emotion getting in the way and making really stupid decisions.It's "Understandable" in the sense that there are treacherous fools who do stupid shit that weakens their own kin's position and safety.
1587	The Dragon & The Wolf	2013-08-22	Im sorry but the back & forth of this thread had me weak w/ laughter esp when the contrary opinion came forth.
An army of lowborns should just storm the Red Keep. Go Lowborns!
1588	StormRhage	2013-08-30	It was a tough scene to watch, when ever they show children getting it's always difficult to swallow.A somewhat comedic take on the scene.Thanks for the laugh...
1589	ebevan91	2013-08-31	Well on the bright side one of them will be reborn as Tommen /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1590	juanml82	2013-04-29	Honestly, I loved the scene. It's already setting up their relationship in the coming seasons, it portraits Sansa doing something at least, even if failing. And it kind of is 'Lies and Arbor Gold, class one'. Of course, there is no way LF was going to believe Sansa's lie. Both act as if they are friends, but both of them know they aren't friends so, while Sansa is expected act as if she cares about LF safety, both know she doesn't care.
Sansa, however, can not know LF knows Loras is bethrothed to someone - and that reveal, for a change, it's not Sansa's fault, which allows LF to put two and two together. I guess her failure is not putting a bit of truth in the lie, she can't really expect LF to believe her. Maybe she doesn't expect him to believe her, but underestimates him.
In any case, she's already on her path.
1591	Pellaeon	2013-04-29	First alone your use of the term relationship let me shudder
In the last episodes LF strikes me as a sort of comic villan, I don't like it and I want to punch show LF nearly as much in the face as Book LF. I don't like the scene
1592	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Didn't mind the writing but hate LF's change of accent that happened in Season 2. He sounds so much better in this season 1 scene, for example:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=1LXu-0X8ECw
1593	sastelise	2013-04-29	The scene creeped me out. LF is so obviously perving on Sansa, whereas that wasn't evident to me in books until much later. I wonder if the show's emphasis on the LF & Sansa relationship (as opposed to Sansa and the Hound) means that the show's producers have some insight into Sansa's overall story arc. Maybe she will switch over to the dark side and be LF's accomplice? Seven gods, I hope not!!
1594	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	The scene creeped me out. LF is so obviously perving on Sansa, whereas that wasn't evident to me in books until much later. I wonder if the show's emphasis on the LF & Sansa relationship (as opposed to Sansa and the Hound) means that the show's producers have some insight into Sansa's overall story arc. Maybe she will switch over to the dark side and be LF's accomplice? Seven gods, I hope not!!Yeah. IDK if it was me or Sophie Turner or what, but I was getting the impression that she was responding positively to his creepiness. I saw something in the Winds of Winter subforum that said there is a "controversial" Sansa chapter in it. I don't know any more than that though
1595	Masha	2013-04-29	I hope not. In the books, Sansa was also a bit creeped out and wary of LF before and after SoS but in the show she seem to trust him a lot.
1596	Colonel Green	2013-04-29	I don't think the show's Sansa is especially trusting of him.  She refused his initial offer; she accepted the second one after being baited with news of her sister, but turned him down when she got what looked like a more trustworthy offer from the Tyrells.Removing Dontos from the story does have the effect of giving her a lot more interaction with Littlefinger early on than she had in the books, though.I guess her failure is not putting a bit of truth in the lie, she can't really expect LF to believe her. Maybe she doesn't expect him to believe her, but underestimates him.If, as Sansa believed, Littlefinger had no idea about her engagement, the most obvious subtext that he might derive from her refusal would likely be that she was too scared to try and leave right now, I think.  It's not a bad cover, even though it doesn't work.In any event, from her POV, he can't forcibly abduct her, so refusing to go with him, so long as he doesn't know what she's really up to, the risk is minimal.
					
					
							Edited by Colonel Green, 29 April 2013 - 03:30 PM.
1597	KoishNoish	2013-04-29	I agree that Sansa seems to trust LF more in the TV show than she did in the books, but saying that Sansa didn't have a chance to really trust or mistrust LF until after Joffrey's wedding. I'm not sure why they changed this particular ark. I'm worried about where Sansa's ark is going in comparison to the books. I think the books played Sansa's ark in a SoS perfectly and it worked very well. I'm not saying the TV show can't pull it off and maybe they'll even find another way to pull it off really well, I dunno.
As stated above, I don't think she does trust him as much as I think most are saying she does. I think her experience in King's Landing and Joffrey promising Ed mercy before cutting his head off must've rubbed off somewhat on her. I think, personally, she is wary of LF but LF's just too clever for her to know what he's up too. (Although him perving on her is a bit obvious)
Oh yeah also, someone mentioned LF's accent has changed and was better in season 1? I don't actually hear a difference personally but maybe I've just adapted? I don't mind it that much.
1598	Colonel Green	2013-04-29	I'm not sure why they changed this particular ark."Arc".From what the writers have said, they wanted to have more interaction between the principal characters, rather than working through proxies like Dontos.
1599	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	It's not so much the accent as it is the voice quality. He sounds like he has a sore throat half the time to me.
Also, in the WoW thread previously mentioned, it's generally being speculated that it means there will be a consensual sex scene between Sansa and LF, or (as I believe) a lesbian rape threesome between Sansa, Mya, and Myranda. Probably just going to be the first one.
1600	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-29	That whole scene was hilarious to me. I think Sansa suspects that Littlefinger is more fond of her than he says but she is trying to respect him as a friend of her mother's.
The cuts were hilarious. Petyr and male prostitute, " Loras is getting married? To who?"
Cut to Sansa and Petyr:" Okay, you don't want leave with me now? Alright. We'll talk when I get back."
Cut to the Lannister's discussing the potential marriage. LMAO! Petyr wasted no time at all!
After her marriage to Tyrion, he'll probably bring back the hairnet and say, " So Sansa, about leaving with me..."
1601	shiola	2013-04-29	Didn't mind the writing but hate LF's change of accent that happened in Season 2. He sounds so much better in this season 1 scene, for example:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=1LXu-0X8ECwOh my godddd, so much better.But anyway he creeps me out so much.
1602	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-29	The thing that confused me is Varys. So the Tyrells are going to plot with Varys and then turn around and plot with Littlefinger to kill Joffrey. So he's probably going to do something during the wedding to scare the hell out of them. 
It's not out of character for them but in the books it was planned well in advance. Doesn't Sansa get the hairnet at the end of ACoK?
1603	shiola	2013-04-29	The thing that confused me is Varys. So the Tyrells are going to plot with Varys and then turn around and plot with Littlefinger to kill Joffrey. So he's probably going to do something during the wedding to scare the hell out of them.It's not out of character for them but in the books it was planned well in advance. Doesn't Sansa get the hairnet at the end of ACoK?She got the hair net from Dontos and I think they're cutting him out so maybe the poison will come from something else
1604	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I saw in a review that they thought Petyrs comment when talking about the boat actually was him talking about Sansa and I was like say whaaaaat that makes so much sense
1605	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-29	She got the hair net from Dontos and I think they're cutting him out so maybe the poison will come from something elseIt'll be Petyr or the Tyrells who give it to her probably. But I hope Sansa in on the whole thing and takes a more active role. Like it's her putting poison in the wine and not Olenna.
1606	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Sansa has at least got a bit better at lying, and rather than giving everything away she doesn't trust LF enough to mention the Tyrells. So there's some progress on her part, especially considering a few episodes ago tells LF that she's a terrible liar and you can sort of see in his head he think "Yeah you are really bad, good point."
Of course he knows she's withholding information, but that's because of his spies and less to do with her poor lying.
1607	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-29	I saw in a review that they thought Petyrs comment when talking about the boat actually was him talking about Sansa and I was like say whaaaaat that makes so much senseSay what? I've gotta watch that scene again.
1608	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-29	LOL now that I think about it. It's really mean if he meant that about her.
1609	shiola	2013-04-29	It'll be Petyr or the Tyrells who give it to her probably. But I hope Sansa in on the whole thing and takes a more active role. Like it's her putting poison in the wine and not Olenna.I thought Marg put it in the wine.  Olenna fixed the hairnet to get the poison, handed it to Marg, and had Marg poison it.  It wouldn't make a lot of sense for Olenna to come over and drop something into the goblet; it'd be conspicuous.  But as Marg was drinking out of it as well, she had a clear chance to do so without being seen.  I don't want Sansa to be in on it, personally.  There's no real reason to have her be, that I can think of.
1610	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-29	Oh there's not real reason plot wise, but for me it would be satisfying to see her take an active role, and get Joffrey back for all his jerkassness. He beheaded her father, beat her and humiliated her in front of the entire court. He threatened to rape her in the books. It seems more right that she should poison him, even though it's totally OOC. That's just what I hope. LOL
1611	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	LOL now that I think about it. It's really mean if he meant that about her.lol but it's totally the sort of creepy pedo thing Littlefinger would say
1612	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	Sophie's eyes were incredible in that scene.
1613	Mr Smith	2013-04-29	Littlefinger's whole character seems really forced these days, I feel like banging my head against the wall every time he has a scene. I didn't mind the role that this scene played in the show, but Aidan Gillen and his stupid voice change is really starting to ruin every scene he is in for me.
1614	Dove	2013-04-29	I know I've mentioned it a couple of times but his voice/accent changes are ssooo weird. Aiden Gillen why are you talking like that ahahaha
Maybe we'll all be eating our words when "Littlefinger has strep throat" becomes a plot point or something.
Aside from the acting I enjoyed the scene as much as you can enjoy Littlecreeper doing his creepin'. It definitely re-established him as a creepy, insidious manipulator towards Sansa - a lot of my show watcher friends are now questioning whether he wants to use her to get closer to Cat or if he's become fixated on her instead now.
1615	juanml82	2013-04-29	It'll be Petyr or the Tyrells who give it to her probably. But I hope Sansa in on the whole thing and takes a more active role. Like it's her putting poison in the wine and not Olenna.I like the idea of a Dark Sansa emerging during TWOW, but Sansa killing so early in the series would be way ahead of the curve I'd like her character to have.But it would be awesome. Maybe they'll get her to suspect something, and she carries on because of that?
1616	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	If LF is slowly dying from some disease or something  I think it would be amusing. Only because he seems to really enjoy being able to control things and it'd be so ironic for him to die not because his plans failed but because his body failed him
1617	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-30	Aidan Gillen needs to just talk with his normal Irish accent, not whatever he's doing now, it sounds so forced. But now that I think about it even when he talks normally, he has a kind of grating growl to his voice.
1618	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	Oh lord...off topic, I just had this horribly amusing image of the "only cat" scene (which I am looking forward to) ending up like the scene from Lion King when Mufasa dies. I just wanted to share that here, since we are discussing how in the show he's much more of a pantomime villain.
1619	Newstar	2013-05-03	Aidan Gillen needs to just talk with his normal Irish accent, not whatever he's doing now, it sounds so forced. But now that I think about it even when he talks normally, he has a kind of grating growl to his voice.I kind of feel sorry for all the Irish and Scottish actors on this show desperately trying to suppress their accents, with varying degrees of success. Aidan Gillen is the worst offender, but Richard Madden's burr comes out at the worst times, and Rory McCann's attempts at suppressing his accent result in some forced-sounding line readings.
1620	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	I know I've mentioned it a couple of times but his voice/accent changes are ssooo weird. Aiden Gillen why are you talking like that ahahahaMaybe we'll all be eating our words when "Littlefinger has strep throat" becomes a plot point or something.I don't understand what many posters here are saying. What do you mean with accent changes? Do you mean the fact that his voice has recently become raspier? Because that is not an issue of "accent". Or do you mean he shifts from an Irish to a RP accent?I've always thought that he was supposed to be speaking like a relatively low-born person who tries to sound like a high-born (only partially succeeding)!
1621	Dove	2013-05-04	I'm not from the UK so I don't always pick up on the subtleties of different dialects but I swear it's not just the growly Batman voice - it really does seem like the accent itself is inconsistent from scene to scene and season to season.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 04 May 2013 - 04:19 AM.
1622	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-04	I'm not from the UK so I don't always pick up on the subtleties of different dialects but I swear it's not just the growly Batman voice - it really does seem like the accent itself is inconsistent from scene to scene and season to season.Maybe it's a habit he picked up on the set of The Dark Knight Rises
1623	wolverine	2013-05-04	Aidan Gillen needs to just talk with his normal Irish accent, not whatever he's doing now, it sounds so forced. But now that I think about it even when he talks normally, he has a kind of grating growl to his voice.I dunno, it doesn't seem very growly in The Wire.
1624	Khal Porno	2013-05-04	It'll be Petyr or the Tyrells who give it to her probably. But I hope Sansa in on the whole thing and takes a more active role. Like it's her putting poison in the wine and not Olenna.I think this would be more satisfying for the TV only audience, given their intense hatred for Joffrey, but I doubt it will play out this way.  I think they will make it a mystery like Martin did in the books.
1625	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-04	The poison will probably come from Petyr's spy. The Tyrells seem to trust him. So he delivers it and says it's a gift from lady Margaery. This way, you just have to have Margaery say to Sansa "ohhh, this is absolutely beautiful" as they're preparing for the wedding, playing up the whole "girl time bffs" angle. So Petyr has the spy suggest the idea to the Tyrells and it still turns out that Petyr was behind it all. 
Spy dude:Hey we should totally use this poison to kill Joffrey
Olenna: Spy dude, that's a great idea! How should we do it?
Spy dude: -tells LF's plan-
on the day of the wedding
Margaery: This is absolutely beautiful, can you wear you it today? It would make me so happy.
there you go.
1626	juanml82	2013-05-04	That looks possible. I wonder if they'll use a hairnet - it would be too much of a giveaway to book readers, and they might want to store a surprise for us instead.
1627	Count Balerion	2013-05-07	I don't care to know too much about WOW in advance; but I hope the Sansa rumours aren't true. Ugh.
1628	ymaface	2013-05-19	Could somebody please clarify this for me - Did Littlefinger know about Sansa/Loras's engagement at this point?
1629	Wong Chia Chi	2013-08-22	I dunno, it doesn't seem very growly in The Wire.well from what I understand, the closest accent to American English is Irish so it wasn't as much of a stretch as, whatever he's doing now. On Love/Hate though it got pretty growly at times. He was playing a gang boss though, but it was an irish show so he was doing whatever is close to how he normally sounds.
1630	freetickles	2013-04-29	I know that many people are of the opinion that Loras jumping into bed with a squire amounts to character assassination. I don't really see it that way - it's been months since Renly died and I see this as just a rebound that doesn't need to take away from his love for Renly. He'll still have chances to show his devotion to Renly, such as confronting Brienne when she shows up in KL.
The one thing I could see is criticism that this perpetuates stereotypes of gay men being willing to jump into bed with anyone who strikes their fancy. But, I think it was handled well and doesn't necessarily suggest that any more than the heterosexual men jumping into bed with women who strike their fancy.... and practically all of them but Jaime have show the propensity to do that.
1631	Ser Frank Haven	2013-04-29	it does show the Stereotype, and tells the TV viewer that 1) Loras is a lusty lad that will have sex with anyone 2) Renly's death was eh
1632	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	It's character assassination insofar as "once the sun has set, no candle can replace it."He seemed pretty happy with that candle squire
1633	juanml82	2013-04-29	He mourns Renly, but that doesn't mean he took a chastity vow. Life goes on.
1634	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	It is a pretty common reaction to believe you will never love again when you lose the one you love, especially for someone of such a tender age as Loras. Most people do eventually move on, and I think showing Loras finding enjoyment with someone else just makes him human.
1635	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.
1636	Baratheon3508	2013-04-29	I don't have a problem with him jumping into bed with someone- he's 17 and of course he still has a sex drive.BUT I think they handled it really really badly. Would it have taken so much to show Loras' grief for Renly here- we could of had a poignant line or even just a couple of sad glances. Anything to show that this guy is not emotionally over Renly.It bothered me that he seemed really chill about it all and so light hearted. They could have shown it as more of a desperate rebound sort of thing, or Loras reliving his experiences with Renly. And it upset me that he was so loose tounged about his family and their plots- that is very out of character I would say.Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.Even if we accept Loras as not being overly fleshed out- the one thing we do know for sure is that he had a strong devotion to Renly and that he greatly mourned his death. Would it have been so hard for the show to respect this? Such a shame as Renly and Loras are shown in season 1 and 2 to be one of the few functional emotionally healthy couples. And I think Loras' playful flirty attitude in this scene undermined that
1637	TheDarkOne	2013-04-29	I had no problem with the scene, thought it was fine.
1638	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Even if we accept Loras as not being overly fleshed out- the one thing we do know for sure is that he had a strong devotion to Renly and that he greatly mourned his death. Would it have been so hard for the show to respect this? Such a shame as Renly and Loras are shown in season 1 and 2 to be one of the few functional emotionally healthy couples. And I think Loras' playful flirty attitude in this scene undermined thatWe barely know anything about Loras. And if Tywin can 'uncharacteristically' bed whores, I'm sure Loras can bed a man too.From what we know, Tywin loved his wife and Loras loved Renly. Having sex with other partners after their deaths is in no way character assassination though as we have no knowledge of the inner turmoil in their minds.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 29 April 2013 - 02:12 PM.
1639	Baratheon3508	2013-04-29	The sex wasn't the problem, it was how god damn cheerful Loras was in that scene. He wasn't even that happy in his scenes with Renly last season
1640	LordStoneheart	2013-04-29	I won't say it was bad if we get some sort of Margaery confrontation later about him being quite free with his interests and he says something about grieving for Renly. But I do think his Candle line from the books suggests he was if not chaste than at least hesitant to try anything with any other man. He should've been less eager.
Also, I would like to say that Margaery and Loras are played perfectly in my opinion as Tyrells. Margaery's scenes where she's the chipper, orphan loving queen is done so well, and her added scenes of her scheming is perfect. Loras could be a bit sadder but also I think it fits in well to hide he had a relationship with Renly.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 29 April 2013 - 02:14 PM.
1641	Frumpus	2013-04-29	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.This.People are making a bigger deal out of Loras than they remember. He's hardly noticeable in the books. He is more prominent on the show. They changed his character to reflect that. Big deal.
1642	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	I know that many people are of the opinion that Loras jumping into bed with a squire amounts to character assassination. I don't really see it that way - it's been months since Renly died and I see this as just a rebound that doesn't need to take away from his love for Renly. He'll still have chances to show his devotion to Renly, such as confronting Brienne when she shows up in KL.The one thing I could see is criticism that this perpetuates stereotypes of gay men being willing to jump into bed with anyone who strikes their fancy. But, I think it was handled well and doesn't necessarily suggest that any more than the heterosexual men jumping into bed with women who strike their fancy.... and practically all of them but Jaime have show the propensity to do that.It different because just 2 or 3 percent of men are gay and the society they are in does have some tolerance but it also expects discretion. So its not as easy to find a partner if you are gay and it takes a certain amount of courage to approcah someone. Having this fellow act more innocent and get Loras to bed him as a sympathetic act would have been more understandable as far as his feelings about Renly goes. On a practical level Joff told Marge that he abhored homosexuals and you figure she would have told him to be careful. And like Tywin was saying the marriage to Sansa was a plot, so you figure he would have been warned to keep his mouth shut about getting married. I can live with it but it was not well thought out.
1643	Ran	2013-04-29	I hate how people jump to the "not much of a character" thing. There is plenty of it for Lora's -- he's one of the more fleshed-out non-pov characters in the series, in fact. The idea of Renly dying months ago doesn't really wash, as the Loras at the end of ASoS is still absolutely devoted to the memory of Renly. It's really a rather demeaning change, and I can't help but think that somewhere, someone suggested it'd be good to get some full frontal male nudity into the episode so that people stop complaining. 
Beyond this, I would have thought it would have worked much better if Loras approached it In a very tentative way, a slow, cautious attempt to see if he can rebound, and he discovers he really can't. But That's not what we get.
Also, his spilling the beans to someone he doesn't know all because of a bit of time in bed is just silly. For whatever reason, they were forced to rush this. It feels like they only resolved how to get Sansa married to Tyrion through Littlefinger's machinations quite late.
1644	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	I really wish they hadn't cut that scene last season, with him fingering the rent in Dead!Renly's armor and Margaery telling him he needed to focus on those who still needed him. It would've informed this Loras better.
That said, I don't mind Loras getting laid. He's not proclaiming his undying love for this Olyvar, after all. People process their grief differently, and sex is not so unusual as a tool.
1645	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	I would love a correction here, but iirc, the "candle" comment was specifically in response to Tyrion prying Loras about marrying a woman. I'm not seeing why Loras having casual sex is in conflict with his answer
1646	Masha	2013-04-29	I agree. Loras was shallow but likeable character in the book. His major redeeming quality was his love and devotion for Renly. I got a feeling from the books that he stayed faithful to Renly long after Renly's death and was not playing around. He seemed more obsessed with glory and glorious death in battle than random flings.
Also, it seemed that they used Loras as blabbermouth in order to make Sansa look better than she is. (In the books she is the one who blabbs to Dantos about Tyrells' plot to marry her off - and he reports directly to LF. Here she never tells anyone. Same as in first season where she brought Ned's letter to Cersei, in show she never did)
1647	KoishNoish	2013-04-29	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.I'm with you on that. Although I know that Loras loved Renly it has been months since Renly bit the dust. Some people move on, others don't. In the books he didn't, in the show he did. Maybe it'll come back to Renly when Brienne appears in King's Landing (which it should) but for the main part I didn't much care forLoras moving on. it made the plot continue.
1648	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.Lol, exactly. Even if it did, at least it finally made Petyr look smarter!He mourns Renly, but that doesn't mean he took a chastity vow. Life goes on.This!Loras killed a couple of his sworn brothers out of frustration when Renly died, as the QoT would say he's just a brainless dolt with a sword imo.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 03:54 PM.
1649	freetickles	2013-04-29	I hate how people jump to the "not much of a character" thing. There is plenty of it for Lora's -- he's one of the more fleshed-out non-pov characters in the series, in fact. The idea of Renly dying months ago doesn't really wash, as the Loras at the end of ASoS is still absolutely devoted to the memory of Renly. It's really a rather demeaning change, and I can't help but think that somewhere, someone suggested it'd be good to get some full frontal male nudity into the episode so that people stop complaining.Beyond this, I would have thought it would have worked much better if Loras approached it In a very tentative way, a slow, cautious attempt to see if he can rebound, and he discovers he really can't. But That's not what we get.Also, his spilling the beans to someone he doesn't know all because of a bit of time in bed is just silly. For whatever reason, they were forced to rush this. It feels like they only resolved how to get Sansa married to Tyrion through Littlefinger's machinations quite late.Though I don't agree that this plot point was character assassination, I agree that Loras has a lot of character in the books. I also agree they could have made it more believable and truer to his character by having him approach it more tentatively, but I think of it as a minor quibble and don't think that amounts to character assassination.I do agree that his spilling the beans so quickly is a bit silly, but I also think he doesn't quite realize what political impact news of his marriage will have and wouldn't imagine that the Lannisters would try to subvert it, and I don't think that's inconsistent with his character in the books. He's a strong character who's devoted to his house and to Renly, but I don't consider him a strong player of the game.
1650	Sun	2013-04-29	No such thing. Loras didn't have much of a character in the books, tbh.  We can basically project on him what we wish. Show Loras' actions this ep are completely in accord with what I'd expect to see from a boy/man in his late teens/early twenties (gay or hetro), imo. Also, just because he had sex with someone, doesn't mean he stopped loving, or mourning, Renly.
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 03:59 PM.
1651	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	I posted this in the other Loras thread:
I found it stereotypical and one-dimensional to be honest. I mean this kind of thing was forward thinking in the late 90s but come on. Closet gay dude is an insatiable slut. OK.
Could have gleaned info from Loras over, you know, a conversation instead of edgy-for-20-years-ago-naked-bum-cheeks-with-sunlight-dancing-off-them-man-love.
Edit: on the same token gratuitous T&A is old hat too but I'll be damned if they mess with my god of T&W. So I guess turnabout is fair play...
1652	Loras	2013-04-29	I'm actually getting fed up of the phrase "character assassination" being thrown about at the moment.
First it was Catelyn, then Stannis, now Loras... who next?
I thought it was fine in the context of the show.  I haven't felt Loras' undying love towards Renly coming across in the adaptation and therefore it doesn't really bother me.  
I also don't think that Loras came across as giddy in this scene, but more nervous.
1653	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I would love a correction here, but iirc, the "candle" comment was specifically in response to Tyrion prying Loras about marrying a woman. I'm not seeing why Loras having casual sex is in conflict with his answerWith the Red Keep so crowded, Tyrion could not hope to go unnoticed. Ser Balon Swann stood guard on the door, and Ser Loras Tyrell on the drawbridge. He stopped to exchange pleasantries with both of them. It was strange to see the Knight of Flowers all in white when before he had always been as colorful as a rainbow. "How old are you, Ser Loras?" Tyrion asked him."Seventeen, my lord."Seventeen, and beautiful, and already a legend. Half the girls in the Seven Kingdoms want to bed him, and all the boys want to be him. "If you will pardon my asking, ser<U+0080><U+0094>why would anyone choose to join the Kingsguard at seventeen?""Prince Aemon the Dragonknight took his vows at seventeen," Ser Loras said, "and your brother Jaime was younger still.""I know their reasons. What are yours? The honor of serving beside such paragons as Meryn Trant and Boros Blount?" He gave the boy a mocking grin. "To guard the king's life, you surrender your own. You give up your lands and titles, give up hope of marriage, children . . . ""House Tyrell continues through my brothers," Ser Loras said. "It is not necessary for a third son to wed, or breed.""Not necessary, but some find it pleasant. What of love?""When the sun has set, no candle can replace it.""Is that from a song?" Tyrion cocked his head, smiling. "Yes, you are seventeen, I see that now."Ser Loras tensed. "Do you mock me?"A prickly lad. "No. If I've given offense, forgive me. I had my own love once, and we had a song as well." I loved a maid as fair as summer, with sunlight in her hair. He bid Ser Loras a good evening and went on his way.Note that Tyrion says "love". He doesn't say woman's love, just "love". Loras gave his answer based on the question "What of love?". I think the escene was extremely out of character.My problem is not that Loras fucked someone else, but that he seemed quite happy, playful and talked to much, for being with a complete extranger, and Renly dying not so long ago. I think he sould've been more sorrowful and bitter, and with more grieve during the escene.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 04:06 PM.
1654	Ran	2013-04-29	You have a character who is defined by certain traits:
Martial courage
Gloryhounding
Courtliness
Youthful arrogance
Devotion to a lover
Then you throw one of those away. And it's the one thing that's actually really sympathetic about the character, and makes him easier to grasp as someone who has real virtues, despite his flaws.
I call that a character assassination.
Here's another character, Jaime Lannister. What defines him?
Martial courage
Arrogance
Devotion to a lover
A troubled past
Maiming
And then you throw away the troubled past, the thing that makes him most sympathetic -- if we didn't have a hint that Jaime was more complicated, would we care quite so much if he were maimed, I wonder? Is Jaime even half so interesting without the sense that life took him down a dark path?
Same thing, really, in my opinion. Jaime without that bathtub scene and the sense that the kingslaying as a definitive act that has colored his whole life is not really a very interesting character. Loras Tyrell without devotion to Renly, without some sense of grief dogging him still, is not really a very interesting character, either.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2013 - 04:09 PM.
1655	Penguin king	2013-04-29	Robert was dedicated to Lyanna right until the end, but that didn't stop him from sleeping with all the pretty young women he could get his hands on. Hell he was whoring all through the war to rescue her.
I admit it's a bit of a change to Loras's character, but calling it "character assassination" or a "gay stereotype" is a bit much.
					
					
							Edited by Penguin king, 29 April 2013 - 04:07 PM.
1656	Ran	2013-04-29	Loras is not Robert. Robert has different failings than Loras. It's apples and oranges there.
Oh, and lets put this another way, this idea that it's been so long that it's okay if Loras is getting over it...
Why is no one rolling their eyes at Brienne still grieving about Renly and saying she ought to be over it? It's the same damned thing, and she wasn't even his lover! The show's decision actually paints Loras in quite the terrible light because there's a literal point of contrast between these characters, where you have this example of the "good" Brienne still feeling that grief, and the "bad" Loras seeming to have just gotten over it. It's not even mentioned anymore, is it, and so far as I know, they didn't take the opportunity to have Loras really suggest any reservations about his marriage or his feelings for Renly in what may well be the only private scene we get with him this season.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2013 - 04:12 PM.
1657	Loras	2013-04-29	You have a character who is defined by certain traits:Martial courageGloryhoundingCourtlinessYouthful arroganceDevotion to a loverThen you throw one of those away. And it's the one thing that's actually sympathetic about the character.I call that a character assassination.Here's another character, Jaime Lannister. What defines him?Martial courageArroganceDevotion to a loverA troubled pastMaimingAnd then you throw away the troubled past, the thing that makes him most sympathetic. Is Jaime even half so interesting?Same thing, really.The thing is though that Loras is not the same character from the books.  Does expanding Margaery's role constitute character assassination too?  That doesn't happen the same way in the books.  Brienne has killed a number of people on the show - without showing remorse, yet that isn't referred to as character assassination either.In the context of the TV show, we aren't really given the impression of Loras' devotion to Renly.  You could even read their scene in 'The Lion and the Wolf' as manipulation if you wanted to.  Would I have liked it if Loras was as loyal as he was in the books?  Of course I would.  But it does work in the context of the TV show.It just feels that the phrase "character assassination" has become the new buzzword for the show.  Which frankly, it shouldn't be.
1658	Sun	2013-04-29	Having sex with another man does not throw away Loras' devotion to Renly. Renly is dead. Would it really be more believable for a healthy young man in his prime to spend the rest of his life celibate because he lost his love at 22 years old? Frankly no. It's melodrama and it wasn't believable in the books either.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 04:31 PM.
1659	The Killer Snark	2013-04-29	I assume they did this to make the character a bit more sympathetic. After his spectacular first appearance in the books, he is almost like a parody of Ivanhoe, a bit of a dull, over-cocky prig. Book Loras would not have discussed the marriage secrets so readily, but that's a minor nit.
1660	Penguin king	2013-04-29	Loras is not Robert. Robert has different failings than Loras. It's apples and oranges there.I know that. I'm not saying that it's something book Loras would do, I'm just saying that It's still possible to love someone whoe's died (or the idea ofthem atleast) without being celibate all your life.The scene changes Loras's character a little, but it doesn't make his love for Renly any less true.
1661	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	Loras having a casual romp =/= Loras having forgotten Renly.
I would like to see him remember and mention Renly more, sure. But until then, I'm willing to wait. Maybe see how he reacts when Brienne arrives in KL.
1662	teemo	2013-04-29	I talked to someone who read the books last night and told them my dislike for the scene, feeling like it was a gay stereotype and out of character for Loras and their response was, "Gay men jump into bed with anyone.  It makes sense.  I thought it was good writing."  Huge fight ensues.
1663	freetickles	2013-04-29	Loras is not Robert. Robert has different failings than Loras. It's apples and oranges there.Oh, and lets put this another way, this idea that it's been so long that it's okay if Loras is getting over it...Why is no one rolling their eyes at Brienne still grieving about Renly and saying she ought to be over it? It's the same damned thing, and she wasn't even his lover!It's also apples and oranges to say that because it's understandable Loras COULD be over Renly, it's not understandable that Brienne is actually NOT over Renly.... regardless of who actually was Renly's lover. As I think we all know, (a) people's feelings toward a person aren't necessarily tied to how that person feels toward them in return, and (/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> people grieve in different ways and on different timeframes.
1664	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-29	Having Loras sleep with a woman would be character assassination. This? Big whoop.
1665	Ran	2013-04-29	Robert hardly knew Lyanna, though. He's devoted not to her, but to his image of her, and everyone knew it wasn't in Robert's character for devotion to equal faithfulness.
It's pretty clear that Loras's was. Removing that for a casual romp simply so they can get some male nudity and a rather dunderheaded Loras moment is silly.
1666	Sun	2013-04-29	Loras is not Robert. Robert has different failings than Loras. It's apples and oranges there.Oh, and lets put this another way, this idea that it's been so long that it's okay if Loras is getting over it...Why is no one rolling their eyes at Brienne still grieving about Renly and saying she ought to be over it? It's the same damned thing, and she wasn't even his lover! The show's decision actually paints Loras in quite the terrible light because there's a literal point of contrast between these characters, where you have this example of the "good" Brienne still feeling that grief, and the "bad" Loras seeming to have just gotten over it. It's not even mentioned anymore, is it, and so far as I know, they didn't take the opportunity to have Loras really suggest any reservations about his marriage or his feelings for Renly in what may well be the only private scene we get with him this season.I disagree. There was no contrast between those 2 characters in today's episode, imo. I know - at least I think I know - you're referencing Brienne becoming angry and standing up in the bath at the mention of Renly's death as proof of her not being over him. She didn't become angry because Renly's mention caused her pain. She became angry because jaime reminded her of her inadequacy as protector, as a knight. Renly was under her protection and so was Jaime. One lost his life, the other his hand and his dignity. He made her feel insecure, her reaction was anger. Which is why she thought he was mocking her when he apologized saying he trusts her.Also, show Brienne does not strike me as a woman stubbornly clinging on to Renly. Yes, his memory is precious to her, but she also seems well on her way to developing affection for Jaime.Edited to correct a typo.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 04:29 PM.
1667	Woel	2013-04-29	Loras is not Robert. Robert has different failings than Loras. It's apples and oranges there.Oh, and lets put this another way, this idea that it's been so long that it's okay if Loras is getting over it...Why is no one rolling their eyes at Brienne still grieving about Renly and saying she ought to be over it? It's the same damned thing, and she wasn't even his lover! The show's decision actually paints Loras in quite the terrible light because there's a literal point of contrast between these characters, where you have this example of the "good" Brienne still feeling that grief, and the "bad" Loras seeming to have just gotten over it. It's not even mentioned anymore, is it, and so far as I know, they didn't take the opportunity to have Loras really suggest any reservations about his marriage or his feelings for Renly in what may well be the only private scene we get with him this season.I think both Brienne and Loras are grieving, but both still have emotional and sexual urges. I think we will see more of that with Jaime and Brienne later on. Just because Loras sleeps with one guy and does not act somber and grieving outwardly in that one scene, I don't thinks its fair to yell "GAY STEREOTYPE! CHARACTER ASSSASINATION!". I am a gay male myself, and I did not feel that scene reinforced some kind of prejudice or stereotype on me.
1668	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	To be honest Brienne only thinks of Renly twice in her actual POVs I believe, she's too distracted by Jaime and seriously, she was like the equivalent of Sansa when she was swooning over Renly, and she's gone through quite an evolution of opening her eyes... At least I think and hope so. Characters that don't change have a higher chance of being uninteresting.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 04:32 PM.
1669	teemo	2013-04-29	Brienne and Loras' feelings are a strange comparison, because one was actually in a romantic relationship with him.
1670	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	To be honest, I don't think having sex = no devotion to former lover HOWEVER, it was HOW they handled this scene. All joy, no sadness OH AND I'LL JUST TELL YOU A SECRET FAMILY PLOT???
Yeh. Not good. It's not unheard of to have sex when mourning, not at all. But as care-free as this whilst spilling the beans on an important secret? That wasn't so good.
1671	Ran	2013-04-29	Jaime makes a big deal about how Brienne felt for Renly earlier in this season. That's a contrast.
ETA:
Like I said, wouldn't complain if there had been a sense that Renly had happened, and that Loras wasn't such an idiot.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2013 - 04:45 PM.
1672	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	I don<U+0080><U+0099>t mean to sound callous, but I think love, devotion, and sex can be three very separate things. Gabriel Garcia Marquez won a Nobel Prize for exploring that very situation in Love in the Time of Cholera. It is very, very common for people to turn to sex when they are grieving and lonely.  And  yeah, that grieving, lonely person is going to seem present and engaged in throes of sex. They<U+0080><U+0099>re getting the solace they<U+0080><U+0099>re looking for.  The real emotional stuff comes later, when they<U+0080><U+0099>re alone. It makes sense to me that Loras landed in bed with someone when he found out that he was being forced to marry, and as heir of highgarden, would have to have sex he didn<U+0080><U+0099>t want and spend his entire life living a lie. Not being able to turn to Renly would make him hurt even worse.  And sometimes when you<U+0080><U+0099>re really, really hurting, you find yourself in someone else<U+0080><U+0099>s arms.  It is so human, and one thing GRRM<U+0080><U+0099>s characters are is human.Also, to those who have lost the person they love most in the world, moving on doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t just mean romantically. In many cases it means realizing there is still normalcy in the world:  the good things, the mundane, the bad.  And in many cases, moving on (both romantically and in realizing the world hasn't stopped turning (or whatever it does in GRRM<U+0080><U+0099>s universe)), is so incredibly painful<U+0080> yet it happens and it is terribly, terribly tragic when it does not.  So, I wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t interpret comments about moving as flippant, that Loras stopped loving Renly, but that his world is starting to have dimensions and nuance again.
1673	Ran	2013-04-29	See above note. I don't think anyone would complain if there was any sense of Loras's pain in the midst of this attempt at a rebound or whatever. But it's not there. There's no continuity.
1674	Red Knight	2013-04-29	no, loras is fine so far
1675	teemo	2013-04-29	I think some people are giving this scene way too much credit and are going out of their way to defend it for some reason...does it really make any sense that Loras would tell a complete stranger about his family's secret plans??
1676	Red Knight	2013-04-29	except for the whole 'heir to highgarden' thing, i liked willas, even if we never got to meet him
1677	freetickles	2013-04-29	I think some people are giving this scene way too much credit and are going out of their way to defend it for some reason...does it really make any sense that Loras would tell a complete stranger about his family's secret plans??As I said above, I've never thought of Loras as a "player of the game" the way his grandmother and sister are. I don't think he grasps how important the secret of his engagement is or that the Lannisters would try to foil it, and I think (in part out of arrogance) he trusts that this squire legitimately is into his show.
1678	Dove	2013-04-29	Loras is brash, arrogant, and hotheaded, clever but not clever enough to be a playa of the game. Besides that and his romanticism, that's pretty much all there is to him in the books. There's not much character *to* assassinate.
We never really got to see if he carried himself all that differently with potential lovers or anything like that, so crying "character assassination" is a bit much. Just admit that you don't like the scene/it doesn't match your personal view of the character - and this is coming from someone who didn't like the scene as well.
1679	Sun	2013-04-29	Jaime makes a big deal about how Brienne felt for Renly earlier in this season. That's a contrast.ETA:Like I said, wouldn't complain if there had been a sense that Renly had happened, and that Loras wasn't such an idiot.The operative word here is earlier. lately we've been seeing a shift in Brienne. And in this ep, we saw him get a rise out of her not because of Renly, but because he slighted her. In earlier episodes, Jaime wasn't able to get a rise out of her by disparaging her skills as a knight. He wasn't able to shake her confidence. In this ep he succeeded. Not because his quip was any sharper than anything he had lobbed at her i the past, but because now she cares about what he thinks of her. His words had an effect because she's starting to care about his good opinion.There is no contrast. In fact, I see more of a correlation in the show's treatment of Brienne and Loras. I say the show is drawing them both as characters beginning to see their way through the pain of their loss.See above note. I don't think anyone would complain if there was any sense of Loras's pain in the midst of this attempt at a rebound or whatever. But it's not there. There's no continuity.It would be nice to see Loras react to the mention of Renly. Perhaps in the coming weeks...
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 05:03 PM.
1680	Sun	2013-04-29	combined posts.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 05:01 PM.
1681	Ser Luke.	2013-04-29	It's the only part of the episode I didn't like, and I am not a book purist AT ALL. Just seemed really...random and out of character. 
Eh, anything for more sex scenes, right?
1682	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	I think some people are giving this scene way too much credit and are going out of their way to defend it for some reason...does it really make any sense that Loras would tell a complete stranger about his family's secret plans??I actually do like book Loras despite (or because of) his rashness, and am postulating how TV Loras might have the same motivations as book Loras, despite the significant changes to the TV Tyrells. I don't mind if people disagree with my thoughts: online forums wouldn't be any fun if everyone agreed. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I'm not justifying/defending the scene at any cost, just saying again, that maybe that book/TV motivations aren't as different as they appear at first glance. I wrote in a different thread that his sharing the secrets would have bothered me a lot more had it been any situation other than Sansa's. After deviating from the books, I think this is one of the least worst ways the news of the Sansa-Tyrell match could have found its way to the Lannisters.
1683	HouseLark	2013-04-29	Hard to say how this will play out in future episodes. I viewed at as a grief fuck which is definitely not unusual.
Either way, Loras was never an interesting character to me, he's just a classic blowhard knight. Everything he does outside of Renly is utterly predictable. The only interesting thing about him is his homosexuality which is a bit unexpected for that type of character. There were always going to be shortcuts in this adaptation and using Loras as a plot tunnel is a reasonable change.
So "character assassination"; yeah, I suppose it is but it's the assassination of a mid-ranking bureaucrat rather than the president.
1684	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	It was a dumb scene and a dumb way to advance that plot, but there are bigger fish to fry than Loras Tyrell at the moment, so I don't really care. And I like Loras.
1685	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-04-29	It was a dumb scene and a dumb way to advance that plot, but there are bigger fish to fry than Loras Tyrell at the moment, so I don't really care. And I like Loras.That's kind of my feeling.  It was as gratuitous as the sexposition scenes.
1686	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	Wow.  I really need to re-read the books because my memory of Loras was that he was a teenaged vain beautiful boy who was very good at jousting who also was gay and loved Renley.  That pretty much sums up the entirety of Loras from the books for me.  
He was never political.  But some of you think it is simply beyond reason that such a boy would hop in the sack with someone else, regardless of sexual orientation?   And given the fact that he was gay you don't think he would talk to some random squire, he just banged, about the girl that his family is setting him up to marry?  
Thankfully neither the books or the show make all of their characters polticial manipulators.  
In the show, it was fairly obvious that Olenna and Margaery told Loras he should marry Sansa.  If Loras is willing to be a pawn in the game like that then he probably isn't a player.
1687	shiola	2013-04-29	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.I laughed pretty hard at this.  it's true.  He looks like a bit of an idiot on the show, compared to what in the books exactly?
1688	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	I'm surprised people really care. Loras is a peripheral character who makes no significant impact to the plot of the story in ASOIAF. He does some stuff in AFFC and that is really about it.
The Tyrell's are a matriarchy and the men are the bimbos, hence he is being portrayed as such.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 07:17 PM.
1689	Lord Martin Sheol	2013-04-29	I do agree with the character assasination idea. Here's the deal, it may not come to notice to those who haven't read the books, but even if he's not a major player, he does have its relevance. The quote of the cande doesn't takes place months ago, it takes place a couple of weeks ago at a maximum. Don't forget that he's a Kingsguards, he did made a vow of celibacy, and maybe for our world that doesn't mean much or is considered impossible, but for a medieval world such as that one, in that culture it was common, an known oathbreakers had a hard time. In our context what Loras did was rather normal or expected, so for the average viewer that was enterily normal, but in ASoIaF context, that was rather unthinkable. Not to mention the looseness of his tongue... In our society, we don't hold a real value on love, as we're proving, even to say that having sex with someone you don't love doesn't hurt the relationship with the one you love and that it means nothing, we seem to value sex. Well, sex sells, producers know that. Another thing..., it does kind of falls into the stereotype of gay man to jump into the first they get a chance to... I'm not even in favor of homosexuality, but I'm also against  degrading people, and I find that stereotyping degrading.
This issue was indeed a consequence of things going so fast, in order to bring the Tyrell's plot to the Lannisters, but I'm really not happy at all with the outcome.
					
					
							Edited by Marti n Coronel, 29 April 2013 - 08:02 PM.
1690	Darth Pipes	2013-04-29	It's character assassination insofar as"once the sun has set, no candle can replace it."He seemed pretty happy with that candle squireAgreed.  It made his relationship with Renly look like it wasn't that important.
1691	Frumpus	2013-04-29	I posted this in the other Loras thread:I found it stereotypical and one-dimensional to be honest. I mean this kind of thing was forward thinking in the late 90s but come on. Closet gay dude is an insatiable slut. OK.Tyrion has sex with lots of whores and nobody ever cared. Loras screws one guy after his lover died and you have to resort to this kind of BS?Get over it. Loras isn't that important that his loss of devotion to Renly should ruin the show for you or anyone else. He is an incredibly minor character who only has half a season's worth of appearances left.
1692	Penguin king	2013-04-29	I'm surprised people really care. Loras is a peripheral character who makes no significant impact to the plot of the story in ASOIAF. He does some stuff in AFFC and that is really about it.The Tyrell's are a matriarchy and the men are the bimbos, hence he is being portrayed as such.People don't rate characters based on how important they are to the plot. There's all sorts of reasons to care about a character. Sometimes the less well developed characters are even more popular because people can project onto them what ever character traits they'd prefer.
1693	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	My beef was that Loras just started blabbing to this guy like a fool.
1694	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	It's character assassination insofar as"once the sun has set, no candle can replace it."He seemed pretty happy with that candle squireYeah, I am mostly disappointed because of this.  It's hard to take Loras seriously if they do keep this line in when we're to believe he's just sleeping with any squire who gives him a look.  I really was hoping to see this line delievered, but I don't think we will now because there is very little in the show to even indicate that there was a strong romantic relationship between Renly and Loras. The show only has Loras using Renly for political gain and then once he died hopped in bed with any man who would take him.  It's not only a sloppy gay stereotype, it's changing his relationship with Renly and by association other characters as well.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 29 April 2013 - 08:33 PM.
1695	Penguin king	2013-04-29	Tyrion has sex with lots of whores and nobody ever cared. Loras screws one guy after his lover died and you have to resort to this kind of BS?Get over it. Loras isn't that important that his loss of devotion to Renly should ruin the show for you or anyone else. He is an incredibly minor character who only has half a season's worth of appearances left.Tyrion and Robert both have "one true loves" who they can't get over, yet they're both major womanizers. Theon also sleeps with pretty much any woman he can get his hands on, yet for some reason it's only a "negative stereotype" when a gay character does it
1696	teemo	2013-04-29	I hate it when people write, "Get over it."  It's so rude and immature. It's hard for me to classify it as "character assassination" because we never had a Loras or even Tyrell POV, but it's a little disconcerting that Loras hasn't appeared devastated over Renly's death since it happened, and the first time he really gets some spotlight again is him having sex with a random dude very nonchalantly and talking about who he's supposed to marry.Now if there was some kind of sadness leading up to it, or a reminder more recently of Loras' feelings for Renly then I would be more understanding.  But that was a huge part of Loras' character.  But I'll give it some time...maybe within the next couple of weeks Loras will have some kind of convo about Renly or love to someone.  Who knows.
1697	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	With the Red Keep so crowded, Tyrion could not hope to go unnoticed. Ser Balon Swann stood guard on the door, and Ser Loras Tyrell on the drawbridge. He stopped to exchange pleasantries with both of them. It was strange to see the Knight of Flowers all in white when before he had always been as colorful as a rainbow. "How old are you, Ser Loras?" Tyrion asked him."Seventeen, my lord."Seventeen, and beautiful, and already a legend. Half the girls in the Seven Kingdoms want to bed him, and all the boys want to be him. "If you will pardon my asking, ser<U+0080><U+0094>why would anyone choose to join the Kingsguard at seventeen?""Prince Aemon the Dragonknight took his vows at seventeen," Ser Loras said, "and your brother Jaime was younger still.""I know their reasons. What are yours? The honor of serving beside such paragons as Meryn Trant and Boros Blount?" He gave the boy a mocking grin. "To guard the king's life, you surrender your own. You give up your lands and titles, give up hope of marriage, children . . . ""House Tyrell continues through my brothers," Ser Loras said. "It is not necessary for a third son to wed, or breed.""Not necessary, but some find it pleasant. What of love?""When the sun has set, no candle can replace it.""Is that from a song?" Tyrion cocked his head, smiling. "Yes, you are seventeen, I see that now."Ser Loras tensed. "Do you mock me?"A prickly lad. "No. If I've given offense, forgive me. I had my own love once, and we had a song as well." I loved a maid as fair as summer, with sunlight in her hair. He bid Ser Loras a good evening and went on his way.Note that Tyrion says "love". He doesn't say woman's love, just "love". Loras gave his answer based on the question "What of love?". I think the escene was extremely out of character.My problem is not that Loras fucked someone else, but that he seemed quite happy, playful and talked to much, for being with a complete extranger, and Renly dying not so long ago. I think he sould've been more sorrowful and bitter, and with more grieve during the escene. thanks for the quote. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The conversation is sort of like Ben to Jon, in terms of the folly of the certainty of youth. But I do think Tyrion was mocking him. Not for being gay but for being young and committing himself to the KG.  I actually don't think this quote helps either argument now that I have reread it. It only tells us that he is solemn. That does not preclude jumping into bed with someone or even telling them something we maybe shouldn't. But I think I tend to agree that the scene was a bit odd. I won't defend it per se. However I don't think the candle quote is useful. It may just be bad for other reasons
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 29 April 2013 - 09:12 PM.
1698	Words of Winter	2013-04-29	In general, I think most sex scenes take away from the story.  There are exceptions.  The early Jamie/Cersei was necessary, though not too graphic, thankfully.  The Ygritte/Jon scene was essential to the his character development (although it wasn't built up well in the TV series.) The Renly/Loras scene was necessary in the TV series (and could have done better.)  This one was not.  Although, I may not go so far as to say this was character assassintion, I would say this was extremely divergent from the books, weakened the character of the TV Loras and was poorly executed.There was no emotion, other than lust, in the scene.  Loras loved Renly.  When he was killed, he sought vengence, changed allegiances, and fought with the Lannisters instead of against them.  He was in pain.  The book Loras and the tv Loras were in pain.   There was no regret in this scene, just, 'bom chicka wow wow, thank you man, oh and I'm gonna marry Sansa Stark.  Now come get your man, you stud.'  I could envision a scene where they are sitting (clothed or 1 with his shirt off), the other guy unbuttoning Loras' shirt, kissing on the bed (much like the Renly/Margery scene) where he then he pulls away, saying "I can't. --I . . . I love Renly, I still do. ---  I want to, I just can't, not now."  Then the other guy says something like, "So you loved him?" and Loras replies, "Yes, I would have done anything for him. (pause, under his breath) 'When the sun goes down, no candle can replace it.'  Silence. He gets up, goes to get a cup of wine, softly laughs under his breath  and says  'and if this isn't bad enough, I'm being forced to marry a she-wolf.'  Then he chugs the wineAlso, in the world of the TV series or the book series, I have difficult time believing a highborn knight who is secretly gay (although widely understood as such) would jump into bed with a commoner he has never seen.  Some squire (who turns out to be a male-whore) comes up, says, 'hey man, I like how you handle your sword.  Wanna see my lance.'  Even if he wasn't grieving, he would have the guy killed for 'insulting him' or at the very lease would not literally just go jump in the bed with him.  I understand lust, but, much as many may not like it, a double standard exists in this world and I assume theirs too.  He would be judicious in his escapades.
1699	ohpooratlas	2013-04-29	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.There is not enough of Loras in the books to merit anything from this episode as a character assasination.The fact that the marriage plot has been so durastically changed is a bigger deal to me (not that I actually mind it) than Loras sleeping around with a squire.
1700	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	It's hard to take Loras seriously because he wasn't a serious character in the books.   He has almost no relevant except to highlight the motivations of other characters.
1701	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	I had more problem with Loras spilling his family's plans.
It's not character assassination for Loras to rebound on the first person to show him interest, he's gone from being loved by Renly to being alone. Rebound is expected. 
However, the blabbing the plans just irks me as something a Tyrell wouldn't do, especially to a squire.
1702	Zar Lannister	2013-04-29	He mourns Renly, but that doesn't mean he took a chastity vow. Life goes on.But that's not what Book Loras did. He did take a Chastity vow. He took the white!Then again, the supression of Willas and Garlan accounts for the variations in TV Loras. Basically, Loras has now to play Willas' part in the show.I suppose the beef between Martells and Tyrells will be played with the death of Willas in the joust with Oberyn.
1703	Zar Lannister	2013-04-29	I mean, the TV Version of Loras took a different path from the book Version very early on even when Loras had the scenes with Renly and whispered in his ear to seize the throne for himself.
1704	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	However, the blabbing the plans just irks me as something a Tyrell wouldn't do, especially to a squire.Why?  It's just a squire, not someone to worry much about.  And he just had some highly immoral in Westeros sex with that squire so the squire isn't likely to want to blab about the experience.  So unless Loras thinks that the squire is an actual spy, there isn't much reason to be mum especially given how much he likely wants to complain a bit about it to someone who "understands".
1705	Zar Lannister	2013-04-29	My beef was that Loras just started blabbing to this guy like a fool.Loras is a bit of an impulsive fool in the books as well. There's the reckless Dragonstone ploy, for example.
1706	scurvy	2013-04-29	Is it possible that Joffrey out dances his Hand by naming Loras to the Kingsguard to prevent Loras from wedding and bedding his mother?    I wouldn't put it past the showrunners to have Joffrey undermine Tywin to protect his mother, especially after some Cersei encouragement.
We know they won't be wed, so that's the most obvious out.
1707	scurvy	2013-04-29	Loras is a bit of an impulsive fool in the books as well. There's the reckless Dragonstone ploy, for example.Unreliable narrator.  We don't even know that Loras led an attack on Dragonstone.  We only know he left Kingslanding after promising to do so.  After that all other reports are as reliable as the one of Lord Manderly having beheaded Lord Hand Davos and posted his hand and head with an onion in the mouth on the ramparts of White Harbor.
1708	Dove	2013-04-29	That seems like it could be an easy way to get Loras in the Kingsguard and to get across to the Tyrells that Joffrey isn't as easily cowed as they thought.
Cersei pleads with Joffrey, he grudgingly gives in and defies Tywin, appointing Loras to the Kingsguard. When Marg opposes it, Joffrey starts to show her how he feels about his wimmen-folk disagreeing with him.
Maybe.
I liked the idea of Loras taking the white himself out of romanticism/also to protect his sister in the books, but I doubt it'll work out that way in the show. We'll see.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 10:33 PM.
1709	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	That seems like it could be an easy way to get Loras in the Kingsguard and to get across to the Tyrells that Joffrey isn't as easily cowed as they thought.Cersei pleads with Joffrey, he grudgingly gives in and defies Tywin, appointing Loras to the Kingsguard. When Marg opposes it, Joffrey starts to show her how he feels about his wimmen-folk disagreeing with him.Maybe.That makes pretty good sense.  And once Marg realizes that Joffrey can't be as easily handled as she thought, his utility for House Tyrell comes into question.
1710	juanml82	2013-04-29	But that's not what Book Loras did. He did take a Chastity vow. He took the white!Then again, the supression of Willas and Garlan accounts for the variations in TV Loras. Basically, Loras has now to play Willas' part in the show.I suppose the beef between Martells and Tyrells will be played with the death of Willas in the joust with Oberyn.But this isn't the books we're discussing. It's the show, which is a different, related, story. It doesn't have to be consistent with the books, it has to be consistent with itself.The issue is whether by the Reach's gay subculture having sex with a random stranger months after a loved one was assassinated means the man having sex didn't really loved him. Or whether we find it coherent. And, I'm sorry, I don't see Loras having sex as a sign that he didn't love nor isn't hurt by Renly's death. But there is just so much time they can dedicate to each character and given how Loras is a support character, it makes sense for the show not to dwell too much in his feelings.They had to remember the audience he's gay and they had to let LF know about the betrothal without dumbing down Sansa. Mission accomplished by Loras moving on.
1711	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	But this isn't the books we're discussing. It's the show, which is a different, related, story. It doesn't have to be consistent with the books, it has to be consistent with itself.The issue is whether by the Reach's gay subculture having sex with a random stranger months after a loved one was assassinated means the man having sex didn't really loved him. Or whether we find it coherent. And, I'm sorry, I don't see Loras having sex as a sign that he didn't love nor isn't hurt by Renly's death. But there is just so much time they can dedicate to each character and given how Loras is a support character, it makes sense for the show not to dwell too much in his feelings.They had to remember the audience he's gay and they had to let LF know about the betrothal without dumbing down Sansa. Mission accomplished by Loras moving on.I don't think the problem is *just* that Loras had sex with someone else.  It's that his character was changed very early on to be someone who didn't necessarily have to even care about Renly.  He wasn't shown in a relationship with Renly because he really loved him, it was from their first scene together in Season 1, a political arrangement.  Then we didn't see Loras rage after Renly was killed.  In fact, we hardly saw him mourning at all besides one scene with Margaery which again played up the political elements.  And none of these scenes particularly bothered me because I imagined the Tyrells were just politically scheming the whole time and we just were seeing a side of them we didn't have the opportunity to see in the books.But now this added to it.  The mere mention of Renly's name in the books makes Loras sad and he has that line: "once the sun sets no candle can replace it."  Do we get that same idea here?  Is he even shown to care about Renly now? Or ever? It's a large departure from who he was in the books.
1712	LuisDantas	2013-04-29	Most non-POV characters suffered some degree of adaptation.  Just because Loras made the sun-candle comment once it does not mean that he is above being a sexual being - particularly given that he has not taken Kingsguard vows in King's Landing yet.
It may grow, but it is a minor deviation from his character in the books as of now.  Arguably no deviation at all, even.  Jaime, Catelyn, Jon, Stannis, Davos and arguably Sansa, Margaery, Selyse, Shireen and Bronn have all been through far more significant changes.
1713	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-04-29	Like I said in another thread, it's pretty naive of us to think that Loras didn't "sheath his sword" in anyone else after Renly's death. Just because GRRM didn't write a scene in the books expressing this, didn't mean it couldn't have happened. He's a young, red-blooded male. It's much more unrealistic that he would become a chaste monk at his age and with his supposed legendary beauty.
1714	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Like I said in another thread, it's pretty naive of us to think that Loras didn't "sheath his sword" in anyone else after Renly's death. Just because GRRM didn't write a scene in the books expressing this, didn't mean it couldn't have happened. He's a young, red-blooded male. It's much more unrealistic that he would become a chaste monk at his age and with his supposed legendary beauty.I very highly doubt it happened tbh but it's not that big a deal to me.
1715	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	This.People are making a bigger deal out of Loras than they remember. He's hardly noticeable in the books. He is more prominent on the show. They changed his character to reflect that. Big deal.Yes. I don't think that Loras was a very well-developed character in the books. He is one of the characters that I don't care about, so I don't mind the changes.
1716	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I very highly doubt it happened tbh but it's not that big a deal to me.Why not? Apart from that poetic trash candle quote, which could easily just have been said to persuade people that he is no longer having sex with men, what is there? His other scenes were all much sooner after Renly's death, so it makes sense he would be grieving then. In any case, it's not like this sort of thing doesnt happen in the books. Tywin was a man who seemingly was chaste, and hated whores. I refuse to accept that Loras would never have sexual partners again, especially at his age, and more than a year after Renly's death, it isnt realistic! This Loras also isnt a teenager, so he's much less likely to be enthralled by that sort of overblown romantic tosh.
1717	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	character assassination  NounThe malicious and unjustified harming of a person's good reputation.Changing a character to be different from his book counterpart is not the same as "character assassination."  I would like nothing more than to strangle whoever started this trend of misusing the term here.
1718	Baratheon3508	2013-04-30	Maybe we can agree that it's not "character assassination" per se, but that is does take away somewhat from Loras' one very redeeming quality, his sense of loss and grief for Renly, and that the show could have kept the sex in but just change Loras' attitude a bit in it to make him seem less cheerful and completely over it.
It upsets me that some people's arguments are often "minor character = why should we care about how they are portrayed." The fact that you can get attached to the minor characters is one of the amazing thing about the world that GRRM has created. 
He does have some character in the books- he's one of the only couple of people we know in a relationship for love- which is highly unusual in the asoiaf world, and this is why I think this scene was poorly executed.
1719	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	Well as Tyrion points out in the books, that sentiment that Loras expresses is naive and won't last.
And it may be surprising to some, but people (and even fictional characters!) often say one thing and then do something completely different.
1720	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	It's not just the candle line though, it's his coolness to Sansa when she innocently mentions how sad Margey must be, it's his blind anger against Brienne, his words to Jaime about Renly's tomb, his vow to never betray him by word or deed ("he was the best of them") and his attack on Dragonstone which at least in part is motivated by his desire for vengeance against Stannis.
Loras grieves for Renly well past the end of Storm and his casual bedding of the squire in this episode feels as forced and out of character as Cat assigning her family misfortunes to her inability to love Jon.
1721	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	I thought the candle line meant something along the lines of him not wanting to/not  being capable of loving anybody like he loved Renly. Him rolling around with some random guy isn't at all the same as him being in love with another dude.
hell maybe he will fell he's disrespecting Renly by having a one night stand and that will be the catalyst for him joining the Kingsgaurd, if he does so at all.
1722	Songlian	2013-04-30	does take away somewhat from Loras' one very redeeming quality, his sense of loss and grief for Renly, I thought his swordsmanship was his own redeeming quality. That and his cheekbones. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1723	Lord Varys	2013-04-30	The problem with the depiction of Loras in the show is not just the candle quote, although that's very enlightening. There is also the fact that book Loras slew two of his fellow Rainbowguards because they failed to protect Renly. And he personally buried Renly all by himself at a secret place near Storm's End where they often went when Loras served as Renly's squire at Storm's End.
All those events signify how devoted Loras was to Renly, even beyond death. Loras may be homosexual and young in the books, but he does not seem to be the type who looses all of his wits when he sees a nice face (granted, Loras is not the smartest guy under the sun, but he is not stupid). No one says that Loras is intended to remain celibate all his life, but it's obvious in the book that he still mourns Renly during ASoS, and is not intending to enter into another relationship (let alone to entertain himself with meaningless sex - that's not the kind of thing you usually do when you mourn a dead lover!).
As to the whole Kingsguard thing: It makes no sense to take a Kingsguard vow as seriously as some people seem to do here. Loras has already sworn a Kingsguard vow before he enters Joffrey's Kingsguard. He was Lord Commander of Renly's Rainbow Guard/Kingsguard, and this did not prevent him from continuing his relationship to Renly. In fact, it was the best way for these two to continue said relationship. Entering Joff's Kingsguard was only fitting after the Tyrells switched to the other king because Loras could not honorably return to pre-Kingsguard/Rainbowguard life.
And this whole stupid change to make Loras heir to Highgarden makes no sense whatsoever because by joining Renly's Kingsguard in the show and marrying Margaery to Renly the Tyrells obviously lost both of Mace's children to court life. This makes them utterly stupid. Lets hope that Garlan and/or Willas remain as younger siblings to Margaery and Mace.
The only reason I can come up with for this travesty of character depiction is that they obviously wanted to make Sansa appear less stupid. They kept yet another talk with Sansa and Littlefinger in the show just to show the audience that Sansa is not as stupid as to tell Littlefinger why she does not want to leave the capital. This could have been done much better.
They really should have introduced us to the Tyrell match much earlier, then they could have given us Sansa's rejection of Littlefinger's offer much sooner, which in turn could have enabled them to show us Littlefinger's motivation to investigate the reason behind Sansa's sudden change of heart. Instead he is only brought into this through Cersei. It completely destroys the core of this whole plot. Littlefinger is the one who orchestrates the Sansa-Tyrion marriage to get what he wants, not other way around.
1724	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I bet there is not a single person in this thread who has not either themselves or known someone who, after a break-up or other form of heartbreak had one or more casual affairs.
(In the show) Loras loved Renly, but you don't need to love someone to have sex with them.
1725	Lord Martin Sheol	2013-04-30	I bet there is not a single person in this thread who has not either themselves or known someone who, after a break-up or other form of heartbreak had one or more casual affairs.(In the show) Loras loved Renly, but you don't need to love someone to have sex with them.That's in our culture, in our modern, materialistic, hedonistic culture. He didn't break up with Renly, Renly was murdered. That's not the same. Have you mourn for the death of a loved one? Do you know the feeling? It does not inspire one to have sex... I agree with those who say that it was a rush move to make things happen faster. Sansa only speaks to Ser Dontos on the books because she's not really convinced in marrying Willas, while she would have no doubt at all in marrying Loras, so she had no reason to be dumb and tell Littlefinger about her engagement. I don't know why you find it so very hard for people, even young people, to be celibate, even nowadays we have celibacy, and while not all keep it through, many and more does.
1726	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	That's in our culture, in our modern, materialistic, hedonistic culture. He didn't break up with Renly, Renly was murdered. That's not the same. Have you mourn for the death of a loved one? Do you know the feeling? It does not inspire one to have sex... I agree with those who say that it was a rush move to make things happen faster.It's been a few months it not like it just happened. Also, Robb had sex with Jeyne after learning about his brothers death, so according to GRRM it happens. Though ofc Robb wasnt as happy as Loras.
1727	SerMixalot	2013-04-30	I know that many people are of the opinion that Loras jumping into bed with a squire amounts to character assassination. I don't really see it that way - it's been months since Renly died and I see this as just a rebound that doesn't need to take away from his love for Renly. He'll still have chances to show his devotion to Renly, such as confronting Brienne when she shows up in KL.The one thing I could see is criticism that this perpetuates stereotypes of gay men being willing to jump into bed with anyone who strikes their fancy. But, I think it was handled well and doesn't necessarily suggest that any more than the heterosexual men jumping into bed with women who strike their fancy.... and practically all of them but Jaime have show the propensity to do that.He already has stated that he doesnt hold brienne responsible
1728	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	That's in our culture, in our modern, materialistic, hedonistic culture. He didn't break up with Renly, Renly was murdered. That's not the same. Have you mourn for the death of a loved one? Do you know the feeling? It does not inspire one to have sex... I agree with those who say that it was a rush move to make things happen faster. Sansa only speaks to Ser Dontos on the books because she's not really convinced in marrying Willas, while she would have no doubt at all in marrying Loras, so she had no reason to be dumb and tell Littlefinger about her engagement. I don't know why you find it so very hard for people, even young people, to be celibate, even nowadays we have celibacy, and while not all keep it through, many and more does.Again loving feeling is not equal to sexual feeling. One can still mourn a death or a relationship and have sexual desires.There is no reason to assume that after Renly's death Loras went celibate. There is also no reason to assume he turned into a sex maniac. And frankly, it doesn't really matter. The show went one way. Who cares.
1729	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	1. "Who cares about Loras' character" is rather a silly question, especially when you're talking to a bunch of folks who have made it clear that they care. 
2. The complaint is not just that he slept with a random squire but that he did so with a callow ness that doesn't chime well with his devotion to Renly. And it wasn't just a one-off, he specifically mentions to Oliver that they'll need to keep future meetings a secret from his wife.
					
					
							Edited by Winter's Knight, 30 April 2013 - 06:20 AM.
1730	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	There wasn't even any sort of conflict for Loras, which is just completely unrealistic. Honestly, the scene looked like what straight men assume a gay hook-up must be like, and it also falls into the "gay men are promiscuous" stereotype.
And the scene was just bad anyway.
1731	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	There wasn't even any sort of conflict for Loras, which is just completely unrealistic. Honestly, the scene looked like what straight men assume a gay hook-up must be like, and it also falls into the "gay men are promiscuous" stereotype.And the scene was just bad anyway.Mate, saying that scene is what "straight men assume a gay hook-up must be like" is one of the most racist comments I have ever read.And moreover, nearly everyone on this show is promiscuous. Loras is a young, beautiful boy, who has been depicted in the show as willing to live and move on. His homosexuality had nothing to do with that scene.
1732	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Mate, saying that scene is what "straight men assume a gay hook-up must be like" is one of the most racist comments I have ever read.And moreover, nearly everyone on this show is promiscuous. Loras is a young, beautiful boy, who has been depicted in the show as willing to live and move on. His homosexuality had nothing to do with that scene.Racist? How is it racist? RACIST??!!
1733	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Racist? How is it racist? RACIST??!!I've used the wrong term, sorry. It's DISCRIMINATIVE. Stating that all straight men think that LGBT community is made of horny monkeys is offensive. It's like saying that all homosexuals are frail, whining people. General statements are ALWAYS wrong, and often offensive.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 06:54 AM.
1734	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	I've used the wrong term, sorry. It's DISCRIMINATIVE. Stating that all straight men think that LGBT community is made of horny monkeys is offensive. It's like saying that all homosexuals are frail, whining people. General statements are ALWAYS wrong, and often offensive. Oh FFS. Pointing out that a particular group of OPPRESSIVE people have STEREOTYPED the group they are oppressing is NOT me being "discriminative", and it can in no way be equated to you perpetuating harmful stereotypes about an oppressed group.
1735	Sun	2013-04-30	Have you mourn for the death of a loved one? Do you know the feeling? It does not inspire one to have sex... I have.I do.it may not for you, but it does for others. What it rarely inspires is a vow of lifetime celibacy. You don't need me to tell you that, just look around you.
1736	madprofessah	2013-04-30	I had no problem with the scene, thought it was fine.Plus it was hot! WHO was the guy who played Littlefinger's spy?As a gay guy I didn't object to the scene at all. Even though Loras is one of the main gay characters in the books (which is not saying a lot) he has almost no impact on the overall plot and never gets a POV. And like the other main character, bad things befall him in the end.In fact, is there any gay character in ASOIAF who has a POV chapter? (Not that we need GRRM to make POV characters at this point!!)Anyway, I think it was nice in an episode which had a fair amount of nudity, that finally the producers gave us some gender balance, although if anyone is keeping score (and I'm sure someone is, SOMEWHERE) there's been a whole lot more female nudity than male nudity on the show.jus sayin'
1737	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	In fact, is there any gay character in ASOIAF who has a POV chapter? (Not that we need GRRM to make POV characters at this point!!)GRRM confirmed that Jon Connington is gay.
1738	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	GRRM confirmed that Jon Connington is gay.Really? Do you remember where/when?
1739	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Plus it was hot! WHO was the guy who played Littlefinger's spy?As a gay guy I didn't object to the scene at all. Even though Loras is one of the main gay characters in the books (which is not saying a lot) he has almost no impact on the overall plot and never gets a POV. And like the other main character, bad things befall him in the end.In fact, is there any gay character in ASOIAF who has a POV chapter? (Not that we need GRRM to make POV characters at this point!!)Anyway, I think it was nice in an episode which had a fair amount of nudity, that finally the producers gave us some gender balance, although if anyone is keeping score (and I'm sure someone is, SOMEWHERE) there's been a whole lot more female nudity than male nudity on the show.jus sayin' pretty sure GRRM confirmed that Jon Connington is gay.
1740	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	Plus it was hot! WHO was the guy who played Littlefinger's spy?As a gay guy I didn't object to the scene at all. Even though Loras is one of the main gay characters in the books (which is not saying a lot) he has almost no impact on the overall plot and never gets a POV. And like the other main character, bad things befall him in the end.In fact, is there any gay character in ASOIAF who has a POV chapter? (Not that we need GRRM to make POV characters at this point!!)Anyway, I think it was nice in an episode which had a fair amount of nudity, that finally the producers gave us some gender balance, although if anyone is keeping score (and I'm sure someone is, SOMEWHERE) there's been a whole lot more female nudity than male nudity on the show.jus sayin'Jon Connington in ADwD
1741	Penguin king	2013-04-30	Oh FFS. Pointing out that a particular group of OPPRESSIVE people have STEREOTYPED the group they are oppressing is NOT me being "discriminative", and it can in no way be equated to you perpetuating harmful stereotypes about an oppressed group.I don't see how it's reinforcing a sterotype though. The books and the show abound with casual sex, and the vast majority of it is hetrosexual. Hell, they even made Pod into some sort of sex god. I see how the scene changes Loras's character, but I don't see how one casual sexual encounter between two men can be called opressive within the context of the series. It's just par for the course.
1742	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	Really? Do you remember where/when?He does call Rhaegar his silver prince, "I reached for a star, overreached and fell" and has very fond thoughts of Myles who had an unattractive face but "when he smiled, none of that mattered".
1743	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Really? Do you remember where/when?I believe it was brought up in a q&a where someone asked about the way JC described Rhaegar. GRRM said he was gay and that Rhaegar didn't love him in the same way. or something like that.
1744	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Oh FFS. Pointing out that a particular group of OPPRESSIVE people have STEREOTYPED the group they are oppressing is NOT me being "discriminative", and it can in no way be equated to you perpetuating harmful stereotypes about an oppressed group. I think that I'm going to drop this discussion very shortly. But not all straight men are oppressive. SOME straight men are oppressive. Hell, even MOST straight men. But you willingly dropped that "most", thus including me and other non-oppressive straight men in your statement. I would ask you to avoid that, since it's wrong, and only detracts from a just cause, which is the safeguarding of people's right to fuck, be with and marry whoever the bloody hell they want.
1745	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	He does call Rhaegar his silver prince, "I reached for a star, overreached and fell" and has very fond thoughts of Myles who had an unattractive face but "when he smiled, none of that mattered".Yeah, I remember suspecting it when I was reading Dance but I haven't seen the confirmation.
1746	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-30	Eh, in my opinion, I don't think Loras is a big enough character in the books, or show, to have really "assassinated". He's a minor character at best and remains in the background most of the time. Yes he shows a more commited and resolute devotion to Renly in the books, and there's that one line about the sun and candles to back it up. But TV Loras isn't the same as book Loras. And one line from the books that may or may not have been made slightly irrelevant in the TV show doesn't really equal character assassination, in my opinion.
 And besides, this is one scene from the fifth episode. How do we know that he's not going to have some reflective moment about Renly next week, of whenever he's told he has to marry again? What if he shares an intimate moment with Margary about the struggles of trying to move on and not being able to let go of his true love?
And I don't really see this as promiscuous or slutty at all. He's a strapping young 17 year old lad. He lost his lover but not his libido. And again...How do we know he's not trying to move on? How do we know he's not still hurting over Renly?  Hell, since Margary has been seen being manipulative and calculating this season, I've heard more than a few non-readers speculate that Loras may have been manipulating Renly. 
The show, despite what a couple thousand of us book readers may think, is written for the millions of non-readers out there. I don't think those people are really concerned with one trait from the books of a minor character, that again, may or may not have been altered at this point.
1747	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	But this isn't the books we're discussing. It's the show, which is a different, related, story. It doesn't have to be consistent with the books, it has to be consistent with itself.Oh, I thought the OP/topic title inferred a comparison between both, am I missing something?Most non-POV characters suffered some degree of adaptation.  Just because Loras made the sun-candle comment once it does not mean that he is above being a sexual being - particularly given that he has not taken Kingsguard vows in King's Landing yet.It may grow, but it is a minor deviation from his character in the books as of now.  Arguably no deviation at all, even.  Jaime, Catelyn, Jon, Stannis, Davos and arguably Sansa, Margaery, Selyse, Shireen and Bronn have all been through far more significant changes.Mostly, the show has evolved some characters by merging some of them, switching traits around or adapting ones with less participation. My safest bet is that in part It's the shows practical approach to reducing payroll and condensing things for viewers. These changes demand the bigger switches in some storylines.
1748	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	Seriously. Loras is no more a minor character than Margery or Gendry. He ranks with Bronn at the lowest.
1749	The Bear	2013-04-30	I agree. Loras was shallow but likeable character in the book. His major redeeming quality was his love and devotion for Renly. I got a feeling from the books that he stayed faithful to Renly long after Renly's death and was not playing around. He seemed more obsessed with glory and glorious death in battle than random flings.Also, it seemed that they used Loras as blabbermouth in order to make Sansa look better than she is. (In the books she is the one who blabbs to Dantos about Tyrells' plot to marry her off - and he reports directly to LF. Here she never tells anyone. Same as in first season where she brought Ned's letter to Cersei, in show she never did)I totally agree with all of this. I really resent the stereotype of gay men in that scene (instantly jumping into bed, casual sex) but since so many hetero characters are stereotypical Lotharios it isn't really egregious. I was more bothered that in the book it seemed like Loras wanted to avoid marriage and even other partners and focus on honour and glory instead so he took up with the Kingsguard. It seemed a strong deviation from his book self. Loras is kind of shallow in the books, but he's even moreso in the show. Would have loved him to have a moment of hesitation before, or seen guilt afterwards, some kind of hint that he still loves and misses Renly. I loved their relationship because it was healthy (apart from having to hide it), mutually satisfying and obviously loving (especially by Westerosi standards) and this does undermine it somewhat imo.
1750	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	I don't see how it's reinforcing a sterotype though. The books and the show abound with casual sex, and the vast majority of it is hetrosexual. Hell, they even made Pod into some sort of sex god. I see how the scene changes Loras's character, but I don't see how one casual sexual encounter between two men can be called opressive within the context of the series. It's just par for the course.It's the only instance of gay sex we've had since season one though. You have plenty of different types of straight sex scenes remember? From marital rape to consensual to StannMel to loving to the brothel scenes. But you have three same sex scenes in as many seasons: the LF sexposition sequence, the blowjob of usurpation and Sunday's casual hook up.So, when the only instance of a gay sex scene in two seasons is a casual hook up where Lora's spills sensitive information to a guy he's just met...it's problematic.
1751	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	didn't Renly and Loras have sex in season 2? or did they just make out?
1752	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	didn't Renly and Loras have sex in season 2? or did they just make out?Just made out. Shirts on even-it segwayed into Marg suggesting a threesome remember?
1753	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-30	Seriously. Loras is no more a minor character than Margery or Gendry. He ranks with Bronn at the lowest.Maybe not minor in his importance to the plot, but minor in the sense that we don't get to see him or know him nearly as well as those other characters, in the book or show.
1754	Katydid	2013-04-30	I didn't mind the scene nor Loras getting a piece & letting his guard down, but I do think they could/should have cast the boy to look even a little like Gethin Anthony.  Would have been poignant, and could have given Loras a chance to gaze longingly at him, reminding us of Renly.
					
					
							Edited by Katydid, 30 April 2013 - 07:42 AM.
1755	Penguin king	2013-04-30	It's the only instance of gay sex we've had since season one though. You have plenty of different types of straight sex scenes remember? From marital rape to consensual to StannMel to loving to the brothel scenes. But you have three same sex scenes in as many seasons: the LF sexposition sequence, the blowjob of usurpation and Sunday's casual hook up.So, when the only instance of a gay sex scene in two seasons is a casual hook up where Lora's spills sensitive information to a guy he's just met...it's problematic.Isn't that Martin's fault for not having more sexualy active gay characters? How many gay men even are there in the series?  There's Renly and Loras, Jon Con and maybe the Blackfish. That's all i can really think of.  If  the show runners want a gay sex scene, and lets face it D&D want as much sex  in the show as they can cram in, then there aren't a lot of options. They could avoid homosexuality completely, but wouldn't that be opressive in a different way?
1756	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	So, when the only instance of a gay sex scene in two seasons is a casual hook up where Lora's spills sensitive information to a guy he's just met...it's problematic.Why?They needed a way for Littlefinger to acquire information about the Tyrells for Cersei. They needed a way to get someone to slip up about the plot to marry Loras to Sansa.Why is it problematic that they used a gay sex scene the same way they would a straight one?
1757	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Just made out. Shirts on even-it segwayed into Marg suggesting a threesome remember?yeah I remember the scene, just couldn't remember if it went into implied sex.
1758	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	Isn't that Martin's fault for not having more sexualy active gay characters? How many gay men even are there in the series?  There's Renly and Loras, Jon Con and maybe the Blackfish. That's all i can really think of.  If  the show runners want a gay sex scene, and lets face it D&amp;D want as much sex  in the show as they can cram in, then there aren't a lot of options. They could avoid homosexuality completely, but wouldn't that be opressive in a different way?They could have added more Renly/Loras scenes, they could have structured Sunday's scene as less Lora's-is-a-horny-blabbermouth and more Loras-is-grieving-and-tries-to-distract-himself-with-sex.  They could have, y'know kept XXD gay like he was in the books and straightened him for the show. Thy could have had a pair of Black Brothers/ Wildlings getting it on instead of the many,many, many pointless straight sex scenes.And Martin's lack of LGBT characters is a topic I've talked about in the book forums 1/31 povs is not an encouraging statistic.
1759	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	Why?They needed a way for Littlefinger to acquire information about the Tyrells for Cersei. They needed a way to get someone to slip up about the plot to marry Loras to Sansa.Why is it problematic that they used a gay sex scene the same way they would a straight one?The issue is twofold: firstly it is out of character for Loras to be so callow about it, just as it would be out of character for pre-Feast Jaime to hit on another woman. Secondly, having your first gay sex scenes in two seasons be a direct illustration of the All Gays Are Promiscious trope is problematic. This scene could have been played in a number of other ways to avoid the above two problems: Oliver could have found Loras weeping/grieving and comforted him for instance.
1760	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	The issue is twofold: firstly it is out of character for Loras to be so callow about it, just as it would be out of character for pre-Feast Jaime to hit on another woman. Secondly, having your first gay sex scenes in two seasons be a direct illustration of the All Gays Are Promiscious trope is problematic.This scene could have been played in a number of other ways to avoid the above two problems: Oliver could have found Loras weeping/grieving and comforted him for instance.Out of character for book Loras, for sure. But show Loras has not been as angry or depressed as book Loras was at this point. In fact, show Loras has not been angry or upset since the last episode of last season. I don't see why it's not fair enough to assume that he's trying to move on? And I reiterate again that just because he had sex it doesn't indicate that he doesn't still love Renly.But I agree generally that they seem to have played into the trope, even if they were not intending to.
1761	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	The issue is twofold: firstly it is out of character for Loras to be so callow about it, just as it would be out of character for pre-Feast Jaime to hit on another woman. It's not quite the same is it, because Loras is a Non-Pov character, who happens to be fairly unimportant to boot. He's the sort of character that they need to change for plot purposes.
1762	Rockroi	2013-04-30	When I contemplated this topic, I was committed to writing something along the lines of "Loras was just screwing around; it didn't mean anything; he's a young man and has needs etc..." I will say that some of the things that people have said are making me question that assessment.  For starters, I am not sure that if Loras were, say, a female character who lost a male lover OR a heterosexual man who lost a female lover AND jumped back into bed with the first lover he could if I would buy it.  It DOES (as Ran puts it) seem very lazy; very "We are HERE and we need to get THERE so let's take this shortcut."  I think that LOras' homosexuality IS being used as a short-hand for promiscuity. But....1) Maybe He's Over It.  Loras in the book is clearly and honestly very hurt over Renly's death and he cannot get over it.  And that fits very well.  However, isn't it possible that Loras in the show is more ... shallow?  Isn't it possible that Loras mourned Renly, and moved past it?  Perhaps Loras accepts that his universe is a deadly one and that men die and you HAVE to accept that.  Maybe Loras knew all along that Renly could die and that he is at peace with that?Counter: Don't buy it.  For starters, Loras seems motivated by his anger over Renly's death; he is actually angry at Stannis in the scene with LF over Renly's corpse; when he storms the Throne Room and removes his helmet, the look Loras gives is rage-filled satisfaction and PRIDE!  Second, Loras does not appear shallow to me- from his caring for Renly (for pretty complicated reasons) to his knowledge from season 1 that the HOund saved his life and gives the Hound the accolades of the crowd.  Loras, to me, appears deep. 2) In it to Win It: We all agree that Margery did not care for Renly; she cares for power.  She did not crave sex; she craves to be Queen.  Joff, Tommen, Renly - if she could marry Balon Greyjoy she would if she thought it would get her on the throne faster.  Isn't it possible that this re-imagined Loras was also around Renly merely because he was trying to gain the power that would be available to him and his family if he could force Renly to rebel against Joff, discard Stannis and storm KL!  Loras' pride, perhaps, is not with avenging Renly's death but with continuing the push to get the Tyrell's on the Iron Throne.  Ambition may not just be limited to Mace, Olenna and Margery.  Perhaps Loras wants his family to be powerful and Renly was a stepping stone to that end. And does anyone really mourn a stepping stone? Counter: Does not ring true.  First, Loras was not just glad-talking Renly.  I honestly felt in the 1-2 discussions we caught that Loras believed that Renly was a better man than Robert and Stannis; I think Loras respected Renly (enough to wear his armor into battle); I think Loras had to get Renly to see what Loras saw - a kind, decent, intelligent man who would be a fair and honest ruler.  Second, I don't think Loras was blind or immune to Renly's charm.  After all, for a gay man, Renly was quite the mother-fucking catch. Why would Loras feel the need to fake it with Renly the way Margery did? 3) Its Just Sex, People: Of all the denouncements of Loras' actions, one that does not ring with me is the idea that while you are in mourning you cannot have sex.  Well... Being gay (up until very very recently and even THEN only in certain, isolated parts of the world) is a hard fucking life.  Who knows how or when you will be able to find another man who you can be with?  Loras, like Tyrion and others, may not put a high premium on sex and see it as just a physical experience.  This would NOT be unlike the way many men - gay and straight - act in all sorts of situations.  Much like Elliot Spitzer who slept with prostitutes (thus destroying his political career and almost his marriage), perhaps Loras does not WANT to become entangled in emotional entanglements ESPECIALLY after Renly's death.  He does not want to meet the next man who he can sweep of his feet; he wants to just have some sex and then pick his sword back up and get back to his life.  I mean... maybe it IS that after Renly all the other boys in the yard are just candles and Loras is only looking for a few, brief flickers and not a bonfire.  And sex is fun and sometimes a guy just wants to have fun. Counter: Of all the theories this one is on the surest footing - its both real and sensitive to Loras as a whole person because so long as sex IN THIS INSTANCE is just for physical pleasure, it maintains Loras' relationship with Renly.  But...If there is one truth about Martin's universe is that sex is, usually, very important (and the show-runners carry this thought onward).  Jaime-Cersei is the reason we are all here; Jon and Sam are haunted by their oaths when they have sex; Stannis' sex gets him a shadow assassin; Robert's sexual excess is a sign of his failings both as a King and as a man.  Sex matters here.  In that case, its hard to simply brush aside a sexual act because in this world sex carries great weight (because the writers say so, not because of any Westosti morals or customs).  In that regard, if sex matters, well.. its all the tougher to make Loras' sex-capade seem benign. To me, I think it teeters on the line between lazy writing and showing Loras as a complete man- gay or straight - who looks to sexual contact as a means of escape.  Loras clearly does not treat the squire the same way he treated Renly.  At the same time, it does smack of the stereotype that gay men just want sex.Then again... how is that any different than the stereotype of straight men? All in all, to me, its a close call, and I am willing to give the show the benefit of the doubt and say that Loras' sexual encounter with the squire was purely for physical fun and that Loras deserves to have that encounter because he is still very upset over Renly. But its close...
1763	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	I mean, are willing to believe that book Robb's shagging Jeyne right after hearing of the death of his brothers (creepy as hell) was normal, but we're not willing to believe that show Loras could move on after months of castity?
And, does book Robb's shagging Jeyne imply some negative stereotype about straight males? Like "heterosexual males are horny monkeys who are not able to keep their cock in their pants, even when they're told their brothers have been killed and their corpses burnt"?
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 09:43 AM.
1764	Ran	2013-04-30	I don't think Robb was shagging his brothers... Look, people respond to grief in different ways. Robb Stark grieves, is hurt, he sleeps with Jeyne. Loras grieves, is hurt, he remains devoted. It defines his response.
1765	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I don't think Robb was shagging his brothers... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Look, people respond to grief in different ways. Robb Stark grieves, is hurt, he sleeps with Jeyne. Loras grieves, is hurt, he remains devoted. It defines his response.In public though. Tywin was meant to be grieving and chaste too.
1766	oakenhelm	2013-04-30	I mean, are willing to believe that book Robb's shagging Jeyne right after hearing of the death of his brothers (creepy as hell) was normal, but we're not willing to believe that show Loras could move on after months of castity?And, does book Robb's shagging Jeyne imply some negative stereotype about straight males? Like "heterosexual males are horny monkeys who are not able to keep their cock in their pants, even when they're told their brothers have been killed and their corpses burnt"?I believe we go back to homosexuals being the oppressed group (I won't disagree with that) and straight men not being the oppressed group. So negative portrayals are viewed differently. Whether this means that all homosexuals should be portrayed positively because of this, I don't know.
1767	oakenhelm	2013-04-30	I don't think Robb was shagging his brothers... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Look, people respond to grief in different ways. Robb Stark grieves, is hurt, he sleeps with Jeyne. Loras grieves, is hurt, he remains devoted. It defines his response.What makes you certain that Loras is to remain chaste? The candle comment is insufficient to me. I find it unlikely that every Kingsguard member didn't have "a little Sally on the side" as Sam puts it.
1768	Rockroi	2013-04-30	I believe we go back to homosexuals being the oppressed group (I won't disagree with that) and straight men not being the oppressed group. So negative portrayals are viewed differently.I guess what I a saying is that sex is not necessarily "negative." And that maybe the show-makers did not mean to make it negative either.
1769	oakenhelm	2013-04-30	I guess what I a saying is that sex is not necessarily "negative." And that maybe the show-makers did not mean to make it negative either.I tend to agree with you on that
1770	Spidey	2013-04-30	He mourns Renly, but that doesn't mean he took a chastity vow. Life goes on.This.Sex doesn't require love.
1771	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-30	Meh.  I just can't seem to get all worked up about Loras's undying love for Renly and how it may or may not impact his sexual behavior... They needed a clever mechanism for LF to get intel on the Tyrells, and this fit the bill.
The slightly larger issue is, can whitecloaks get engaged?
1772	ambi76	2013-04-30	He isn't a whitecloak on the show eyeheartsansa. Instead he's now the heir of Higharden. Tywin outright called him that in this episode, which, as a big Loras fan, is a much bigger deal to me than that (grantedly somewhat shallow) honey-pot sex stuff. So if he ever becomes a whitecloak on the show there will be interesting repercussions (maybe he has a younger brother on the show, who knows?).
On topic, re Loras book!character assassination: I'm sorry that train has long left the station. When Loras first really character-shaping moment i.e. psychotic breakdown and killing-spree after Renly's death was left out, respectively repurposed to show Brienne's devotion to Renly.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 30 April 2013 - 12:25 PM.
1773	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-04-30	The sex wasn't the problem, it was how god damn cheerful Loras was in that scene. He wasn't even that happy in his scenes with Renly last season You gotta remember that the bedroom scene we saw between Renly and Loras last season was a year or more into their relationship. Was it passionate and love? Yes, but it likely had lost that initial spark that most romantic relationships have. That doesn't mean they were headed towards a breakup, but the start of any relationship is often more inherently exciting than the relationship a year in, so Loras would look happier with a new lover.Also, think about it: Loras has been alone and mourning for months, and this is probably the first time he's been able to let his guard down (as he saw it) and fool around. Of course he'd feel cheerful.
1774	Dragonstoned	2013-04-30	When I contemplated this topic, I was committed to writing something along the lines of "Loras was just screwing around; it didn't mean anything; he's a young man and has needs etc..." I will say that some of the things that people have said are making me question that assessment.  For starters, I am not sure that if Loras were, say, a female character who lost a male lover OR a heterosexual man who lost a female lover AND jumped back into bed with the first lover he could if I would buy it.  It DOES (as Ran puts it) seem very lazy; very "We are HERE and we need to get THERE so let's take this shortcut."  I think that LOras' homosexuality IS being used as a short-hand for promiscuity. But....1) Maybe He's Over It.  Loras in the book is clearly and honestly very hurt over Renly's death and he cannot get over it.  And that fits very well.  However, isn't it possible that Loras in the show is more ... shallow?  Isn't it possible that Loras mourned Renly, and moved past it?  Perhaps Loras accepts that his universe is a deadly one and that men die and you HAVE to accept that.  Maybe Loras knew all along that Renly could die and that he is at peace with that?Counter: Don't buy it.  For starters, Loras seems motivated by his anger over Renly's death; he is actually angry at Stannis in the scene with LF over Renly's corpse; when he storms the Throne Room and removes his helmet, the look Loras gives is rage-filled satisfaction and PRIDE!  Second, Loras does not appear shallow to me- from his caring for Renly (for pretty complicated reasons) to his knowledge from season 1 that the HOund saved his life and gives the Hound the accolades of the crowd.  Loras, to me, appears deep. 2) In it to Win It: We all agree that Margery did not care for Renly; she cares for power.  She did not crave sex; she craves to be Queen.  Joff, Tommen, Renly - if she could marry Balon Greyjoy she would if she thought it would get her on the throne faster.  Isn't it possible that this re-imagined Loras was also around Renly merely because he was trying to gain the power that would be available to him and his family if he could force Renly to rebel against Joff, discard Stannis and storm KL!  Loras' pride, perhaps, is not with avenging Renly's death but with continuing the push to get the Tyrell's on the Iron Throne.  Ambition may not just be limited to Mace, Olenna and Margery.  Perhaps Loras wants his family to be powerful and Renly was a stepping stone to that end. And does anyone really mourn a stepping stone? Counter: Does not ring true.  First, Loras was not just glad-talking Renly.  I honestly felt in the 1-2 discussions we caught that Loras believed that Renly was a better man than Robert and Stannis; I think Loras respected Renly (enough to wear his armor into battle); I think Loras had to get Renly to see what Loras saw - a kind, decent, intelligent man who would be a fair and honest ruler.  Second, I don't think Loras was blind or immune to Renly's charm.  After all, for a gay man, Renly was quite the mother-fucking catch. Why would Loras feel the need to fake it with Renly the way Margery did? 3) Its Just Sex, People: Of all the denouncements of Loras' actions, one that does not ring with me is the idea that while you are in mourning you cannot have sex.  Well... Being gay (up until very very recently and even THEN only in certain, isolated parts of the world) is a hard fucking life.  Who knows how or when you will be able to find another man who you can be with?  Loras, like Tyrion and others, may not put a high premium on sex and see it as just a physical experience.  This would NOT be unlike the way many men - gay and straight - act in all sorts of situations.  Much like Elliot Spitzer who slept with prostitutes (thus destroying his political career and almost his marriage), perhaps Loras does not WANT to become entangled in emotional entanglements ESPECIALLY after Renly's death.  He does not want to meet the next man who he can sweep of his feet; he wants to just have some sex and then pick his sword back up and get back to his life.  I mean... maybe it IS that after Renly all the other boys in the yard are just candles and Loras is only looking for a few, brief flickers and not a bonfire.  And sex is fun and sometimes a guy just wants to have fun. Counter: Of all the theories this one is on the surest footing - its both real and sensitive to Loras as a whole person because so long as sex IN THIS INSTANCE is just for physical pleasure, it maintains Loras' relationship with Renly.  But...If there is one truth about Martin's universe is that sex is, usually, very important (and the show-runners carry this thought onward).  Jaime-Cersei is the reason we are all here; Jon and Sam are haunted by their oaths when they have sex; Stannis' sex gets him a shadow assassin; Robert's sexual excess is a sign of his failings both as a King and as a man.  Sex matters here.  In that case, its hard to simply brush aside a sexual act because in this world sex carries great weight (because the writers say so, not because of any Westosti morals or customs).  In that regard, if sex matters, well.. its all the tougher to make Loras' sex-capade seem benign. To me, I think it teeters on the line between lazy writing and showing Loras as a complete man- gay or straight - who looks to sexual contact as a means of escape.  Loras clearly does not treat the squire the same way he treated Renly.  At the same time, it does smack of the stereotype that gay men just want sex.Then again... how is that any different than the stereotype of straight men? All in all, to me, its a close call, and I am willing to give the show the benefit of the doubt and say that Loras' sexual encounter with the squire was purely for physical fun and that Loras deserves to have that encounter because he is still very upset over Renly. But its close...I love the way you set out your posts
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 30 April 2013 - 01:17 PM.
1775	freetickles	2013-04-30	They could have added more Renly/Loras scenes, they could have structured Sunday's scene as less Lora's-is-a-horny-blabbermouth and more Loras-is-grieving-and-tries-to-distract-himself-with-sex.  They could have, y'know kept XXD gay like he was in the books and straightened him for the show. Thy could have had a pair of Black Brothers/ Wildlings getting it on instead of the many,many, many pointless straight sex scenes.And Martin's lack of LGBT characters is a topic I've talked about in the book forums 1/31 povs is not an encouraging statistic.Who is the one POV character that's LGBT? I can't think of any.
1776	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-30	What i disliked on the scene is that it deleted "Major mistake no.2" from Sansa's resume... First she told Queen of Ned's plans, then she spilled the beans about Highgarden offer to Dontos...
1777	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	What i disliked on the scene is that it deleted "Major mistake no.2" from Sansa's resume... First she told Queen of Ned's plans, then she spilled the beans about Highgarden offer to Dontos...Weird how they had Dontos for the first episode of season 2 and never brought him back.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 30 April 2013 - 01:31 PM.
1778	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Weird how they had Dontos for the first episode of season 2 and never brought him back.IIf you watch carefully during Blackwater, you can see him juggling. Not really the same, I know.According to the producers, we havent seen the last of Dontos, so apparently he's coming back at some point, probably soon.
1779	BluePG	2013-04-30	What i disliked on the scene is that it deleted "Major mistake no.2" from Sansa's resume... First she told Queen of Ned's plans, then she spilled the beans about Highgarden offer to Dontos...This is what bugs me the most too. I'm annoyed with how the handled the whole Loras/Renly relationship but it doesn't look like they can do anything about it now.Sansa telling Dantos is a major plot point in her development. How are they going to show any growth if they've taken that away from her?
1780	freetickles	2013-04-30	This is what bugs me the most too. I'm annoyed with how the handled the whole Loras/Renly relationship but it doesn't look like they can do anything about it now.Sansa telling Dantos is a major plot point in her development. How are they going to show any growth if they've taken that away from her?Sansa is still known as being simple and caring only about lemon cakes, roses and pretty songs. There's plenty of room for growth without her having been dumb enough to actively hurt her own cause.
1781	juanml82	2013-04-30	3) Its Just Sex, People: Of all the denouncements of Loras' actions, one that does not ring with me is the idea that while you are in mourning you cannot have sex.  Well... Being gay (up until very very recently and even THEN only in certain, isolated parts of the world) is a hard fucking life.  Who knows how or when you will be able to find another man who you can be with?  Loras, like Tyrion and others, may not put a high premium on sex and see it as just a physical experience.  This would NOT be unlike the way many men - gay and straight - act in all sorts of situations.  Much like Elliot Spitzer who slept with prostitutes (thus destroying his political career and almost his marriage), perhaps Loras does not WANT to become entangled in emotional entanglements ESPECIALLY after Renly's death.  He does not want to meet the next man who he can sweep of his feet; he wants to just have some sex and then pick his sword back up and get back to his life.  I mean... maybe it IS that after Renly all the other boys in the yard are just candles and Loras is only looking for a few, brief flickers and not a bonfire.  And sex is fun and sometimes a guy just wants to have fun.Counter: Of all the theories this one is on the surest footing - its both real and sensitive to Loras as a whole person because so long as sex IN THIS INSTANCE is just for physical pleasure, it maintains Loras' relationship with Renly.  But...If there is one truth about Martin's universe is that sex is, usually, very important (and the show-runners carry this thought onward).  Jaime-Cersei is the reason we are all here; Jon and Sam are haunted by their oaths when they have sex; Stannis' sex gets him a shadow assassin; Robert's sexual excess is a sign of his failings both as a King and as a man.  Sex matters here.  In that case, its hard to simply brush aside a sexual act because in this world sex carries great weight (because the writers say so, not because of any Westosti morals or customs).  In that regard, if sex matters, well.. its all the tougher to make Loras' sex-capade seem benign.To me, I think it teeters on the line between lazy writing and showing Loras as a complete man- gay or straight - who looks to sexual contact as a means of escape.  Loras clearly does not treat the squire the same way he treated Renly.  At the same time, it does smack of the stereotype that gay men just want sex.Then again... how is that any different than the stereotype of straight men?All in all, to me, its a close call, and I am willing to give the show the benefit of the doubt and say that Loras' sexual encounter with the squire was purely for physical fun and that Loras deserves to have that encounter because he is still very upset over Renly.But its close...As in real life, there is meaningful sex and meaningless, sport-like, sex. Sticking to the show, Theon having sex with the ship's captain's daughter on the way to Pyke is meaningless, at least for him. All of Tyrion's sex before Shae is meaningless. Dokhrathi having sex during Danny's wedding is meaningless. Bronn having sex with hookers is meaningless.If anything, the only stererotype at play here is that women don't have casual, meaningless, sex unless they are whores. People are, sometimes, too sensitive about gay men having sex without love nor commitment.
1782	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	The biggest problem with the scene is that Loras doesn't even consider Renly at all. There's absolutely no loyalty there. Last season Daenerys rejected Xaro and stated "I already have a husband". Why couldn't Loras show similar devotion to Renly?I think that I'm going to drop this discussion very shortly. But not all straight men are oppressive. SOME straight men are oppressive. Hell, even MOST straight men. But you willingly dropped that "most", thus including me and other non-oppressive straight men in your statement. I would ask you to avoid that, since it's wrong, and only detracts from a just cause, which is the safeguarding of people's right to fuck, be with and marry whoever the bloody hell they want.You're policing a homosexual in a discussion about homosexuality. So why don't you PROVE that you're "non-oppressive" rather than doing exactly what oppressive society is already doing to the GSM community? Straight people are, generally, oppressive. After all, gay people are not oppressing themselves, are they? Therefore the statement "straight people are oppressing gay people" is 100% accurate. Maybe instead of getting angry about a generalisation you could actually listen to what I'm saying. The presentation of Loras in this episode was offensive. It was very, very, VERY obvious to me that it was written by straight men who have absolutely no idea about gay people.And Martin's lack of LGBT characters is a topic I've talked about in the book forums 1/31 povs is not an encouraging statistic.It's very disheartening. I personally read Daenerys as bisexual because her description of Irri reads like attraction IMO (and also because I'm desperate for a positive GSM presentation), but it hasn't been confirmed either way.
1783	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	I think it was confirmed that she is not in fact bisexual, because she said she didn't feel anything during it, unlike when she was with Drogo and the dude with the naked lady daggers.
1784	oakenhelm	2013-04-30	The biggest problem with the scene is that Loras doesn't even consider Renly at all. There's absolutely no loyalty there. Last season Daenerys rejected Xaro and stated "I already have a husband". Why couldn't Loras show similar devotion to Renly?You're policing a homosexual in a discussion about homosexuality. So why don't you PROVE that you're "non-oppressive" rather than doing exactly what oppressive society is already doing to the GSM community? Straight people are, generally, oppressive. After all, gay people are not oppressing themselves, are they? Therefore the statement "straight people are oppressing gay people" is 100% accurate. Maybe instead of getting angry about a generalisation you could actually listen to what I'm saying. The presentation of Loras in this episode was offensive. It was very, very, VERY obvious to me that it was written by straight men who have absolutely no idea about gay people.Is the 'when was the last time you beat your wife' question?It's very disheartening. I personally read Daenerys as bisexual because her description of Irri reads like attraction IMO (and also because I'm desperate for a positive GSM presentation), but it hasn't been confirmed either way.What is an appropriate number of gay POVs in your opinion? Should it match the general population? Some number greater?
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 30 April 2013 - 03:23 PM.
1785	protar	2013-04-30	Is the 'when was the last time you beat your wife' question?What is an appropriate number of gay POVs in your opinion? Should it match the general population? Some number greater?More than one confirmed gay POV would be good. Even if we're not looking at 100% confirmed cases we only have 3 POV's (Joncon, Cersei and Dany.) who show any homosexual tendencies. I always thought it was slightly implied Arianne wasn't averse to some stuff with her cousins but there's really little evidence of that. Statistically there should be a lot more gay or at least bi characters.
1786	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	You're policing a homosexual in a discussion about homosexuality. So why don't you PROVE that you're "non-oppressive" rather than doing exactly what oppressive society is already doing to the GSM community? Straight people are, generally, oppressive. After all, gay people are not oppressing themselves, are they? Therefore the statement "straight people are oppressing gay people" is 100% accurate. Maybe instead of getting angry about a generalisation you could actually listen to what I'm saying. The presentation of Loras in this episode was offensive. It was very, very, VERY obvious to me that it was written by straight men who have absolutely no idea about gay people.Lad, honestly, my fault for speaking with you.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 03:47 PM.
1787	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	The presentation of Loras in this episode was offensive. It was very, very, VERY obvious to me that it was written by straight men who have absolutely no idea about gay people.Ah, so gay people never move on from the death of a loved one after several months? They never have sexual encounters with strangers?
1788	protar	2013-04-30	Ah, so gay people never move on from the death of a loved one after several months? They never have sexual encounters with strangers?Loras didn't no. We have one gay couple in this series and D+D has the remaining homosexual sleeping around after the death of his lover. That's not impossible, but when it's a deliberate and unnecessary change from the more sympathetic portrayal of the books, it's disturbing.
1789	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	Ah, so gay people never move on from the death of a loved one after several months? They never have sexual encounters with strangers?I'm sure some gay people do. But they would show some sort of internal conflict, particularly if they were as devoted to their loved one as Loras was (even in the season two finale Loras was clearly devastated about Renly's death).Loras's character has been erased and reduced down to his sexual orientation. It's offensive.
1790	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Loras didn't no. We have one gay couple in this series and D+D has the remaining homosexual sleeping around after the death of his lover. That's not impossible, but when it's a deliberate and unnecessary change from the more sympathetic portrayal of the books, it's disturbing.To me, Loras looked like a shallow person, if something. He shagged a guy because he's gay. Fine, he wasn't that shallow, or willing to move on in the books. But his sexuality in that scene is completely unimportant.
1791	protar	2013-04-30	To me, Loras looked like a shallow person, if something. He shagged a guy because he's gay. Fine, he wasn't that shallow, or willing to move on in the books. But his sexuality in that scene is completely unimportant.But the point is that in the books the only living gay person at this point in the story is portrayed very sympathetically and tragically in the books whereas in the show he's portrayed as promiscuous and uncaring of Renly. Why was Loras changed in this way? Even if they had to have that scene (they didn't) they could have written it in a way that showed that Loras was still torn up about Renly.
1792	'96Buck	2013-04-30	My beef was that Loras just started blabbing to this guy like a fool.Why can't he be a fool, and thus acting accordingly?  Someone on the show other than Hodor has to be of below-average intelligence.  QoT is dismissive of him, so there's at least a shred of evidence to support that he might be one of the bottom quartile.
1793	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	But the point is that in the books the only living gay person at this point in the story is portrayed very sympathetically and tragically in the books whereas in the show he's portrayed as promiscuous and uncaring of Renly. Why was Loras changed in this way? Even if they had to have that scene (they didn't) they could have written it in a way that showed that Loras was still torn up about Renly.So what you're asking for is more political correctness? Because I found nice to see a young, beautiful boy who, despite the (distant in time) loss of his great love, did not lose his smile and hell, even the shallowness of his age.
1794	'96Buck	2013-04-30	But the point is that in the books the only living gay person at this point in the story is portrayed very sympathetically and tragically in the books whereas in the show he's portrayed as promiscuous and uncaring of Renly. Why was Loras changed in this way? Even if they had to have that scene (they didn't) they could have written it in a way that showed that Loras was still torn up about Renly.He's not any more promiscuous than Tyrion or Rob or Jon or Tywin or Cersei or Lancel or Robert.  If you want to complain about inability to keep one's pants on changing the character, it's Stannis.  In the book, it's laughable to other characters that he might violate his honor.  Immune to Cersei's charms to the point that she doesn't attempt it to save the city and her children.A 17 year old boy had sex when the opportunity arose.  That puts Loras within a HUGE segment of 17 year old boys, regardless of sexuality.  He was then a dumbass with his pillowchat.  So he's not significantly smarter than REAL generals and politicians across history.  At 17.  Why would he be?
1795	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	In public though. Tywin was meant to be grieving and chaste too.Nuh-uh. Varys well implies the Tunnel he showed Tyrion was for a hand that needed to save face.
1796	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	Meh.  I just can't seem to get all worked up about Loras's undying love for Renly and how it may or may not impact his sexual behavior... They needed a clever mechanism for LF to get intel on the Tyrells, and this fit the bill.The slightly larger issue is, can whitecloaks get engaged?But it wasn't a clever mechanism, it was a lazy one.  Why would any person just willingly tell secret family plans to any squire they had never met before simply because they're fucking them?  Loras isn't the smartest person in the series, but he's not that dumb.   A clever mechanism would be replacing one of Olenna's waiters or eavesdropping through walls.  Showing Loras just spilling the beans to a pretty face because he's horny is lazy, as well as a complete destruction of the one truly good quality he had in the books.
1797	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	He's not any more promiscuous than Tyrion or Rob or Jon or Tywin or Cersei or Lancel or Robert.  If you want to complain about inability to keep one's pants on changing the character, it's Stannis.  In the book, it's laughable to other characters that he might violate his honor.  Immune to Cersei's charms to the point that she doesn't attempt it to save the city and her children.It's also implied in the books that he was having sex with Melisandre more often than just the one time to make a shadow baby.
1798	teemo	2013-04-30	But the point is that in the books the only living gay person at this point in the story is portrayed very sympathetically and tragically in the books whereas in the show he's portrayed as promiscuous and uncaring of Renly. Why was Loras changed in this way? Even if they had to have that scene (they didn't) they could have written it in a way that showed that Loras was still torn up about Renly.I agree with this...Renly didn't die very long ago, and in the books Loras was so torn up that he got really, really weird when Sansa even mentioned his name, and even Jaime saw the sorrow and love he had for Renly.  Around this time in the books he's sulking and miserable and joined the KG to be left alone.  Yes, 17 year old boys (Loras is older in the show btw) can sex after their lover dies, but in the way Loras has been portrayed in the past he seemed very, VERY disturbed by Renly's passing.  Joining the KG is a huge deal, especially when he could have just been a Lord and marry anyone and still sleep around with plenty of men sometime in the future.  But he chose KG and I think part of that was also the celibacy part, honestly.  Loras isn't the sharpest guy (but is there really any proof that he's actually dimwitted?  The Tyrell kids seem quite bright if you ask me) in the series, but I never pegged him as someone who was really ready to so nonchalantly have sex with some random dude and have pillow talk.  I just did a screentime thread and he has had very little screentime this season - his love for Renly hasn't been mentioned at all this season and I don't know - they could have added something in there about Loras talking to the dude about how he lost a love recently or Loras could have mentioned Renly to someone anytime this season...or anything, really.  So far this season he seems like the stereotypical promiscuous gay guy that was used as a terrible plot device in substitue for lazy writing.  Yes, there are other promiscuous characters on the show, but they've also been way more fleshed out than Loras has since Renly died.  I think they've done his character an injustice all-around, even up to the casting.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 06:09 PM.
1799	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-04-30	Why can't he be a fool, and thus acting accordingly?  Someone on the show other than Hodor has to be of below-average intelligence.  QoT is dismissive of him, so there's at least a shred of evidence to support that he might be one of the bottom quartile.But the point is that in the books the only living gay person at this point in the story is portrayed very sympathetically and tragically in the books whereas in the show he's portrayed as promiscuous and uncaring of Renly. Why was Loras changed in this way? Even if they had to have that scene (they didn't) they could have written it in a way that showed that Loras was still torn up about Renly. I don't want my LGBTQI characters to be perfect angels. To me, that's just as bad as them being portrayed as stereotypes. I like them to be realistic HUMAN characters with human flaws and human strengths. Several people in the TV series have referred to Loras as hotheaded, and that's how he acts in the books more often than not. Why can't Loras be a gifted knight but a poor political schemer/ "a fool"? That's human, that's realistic, many people wouldn't be politically savvy in this world and that has nothing to do with his sexuality. Also, How does sleeping with a guy months after his boyfriend died make Loras "promiscuous?" It's his (presumably) first sexual partner in months. Besides, the number of sexual partners one has in a given amount of time does not determine what kind of a person they are. I'm sick of all the slut-shaming going on after this episode. -
1800	teemo	2013-04-30	He definitely wasn't acting like this was the first time since Renly.  He jumped all over that guy in half a second without hesitation.  It's not about a "number" - that has nothing to do with whether or not he's a good person.  It's the fact that it wasn't really consistent with the Loras I know, at least.  He was miserable around this time in the books.  Was he smiling at all?  Ever?  He WAS MISERABLE.  And pissed.  He didn't seem to really give a damn about anyone, except for protecting his family of course.
He seems like a promiscuous stereotype to me because that's ALL we've basically seen of Loras all season.  No kind of mention of Renly or his love for him or how he misses him or anything...Loras-only screentime has been dedicated to that one sex scene.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 06:36 PM.
1801	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	I think a good comparison is the scene in the season one finale where Cersei tells Lancel to "get back into bed". Whilst it shows her cheating on Jaime, we can also see that she doesn't actually care for Lancel and is only using him while Jaime's gone.
I imagine that, if Loras had sex with someone in the books, it would be pretty similar to that. And I don't think it would have been too hard for the show to convey that sort of feeling.
1802	Jasta11	2013-04-30	I guess Tyrion never loved Tysha, as he beds whores left and right.
I guess Robert never loved Lyanna, as he was even worse than Tyrion.
I guess Tywin never loved Joanna, he also beds whores.
I guess Jorah never loved Dany, he aslo also bedded whores after being cast out.
I guess Dany never loved Drogo, she... gets with her handmaids. Also Daario.
Seriously, loving Renly doesn't mean a guy in his early twenties will shun sex forever. it's been half a year at least, and it was a one night romp, it's not like he has forsworn Renly forever. He WAS stupid for spilling out the family secret to his lover, but Loras has never been presented as particularily clever guy.
1803	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	I guess Tyrion never loved Tysha, as he beds whores left and right.I guess Robert never loved Lyanna, as he was even worse than Tyrion.I guess Tywin never loved Joanna, he also beds whores.I guess Jorah never loved Dany, he aslo also bedded whores after being cast out.I guess Dany never loved Drogo, she... gets with her handmaids. Also Daario.Seriously, loving Renly doesn't mean a guy in his early twenties will shun sex forever. it's been half a year at least, and it was a one night romp, it's not like he has forsworn Renly forever. He WAS stupid for spilling out the family secret to his lover, but Loras has never been presented as particularily clever guy.This isn't about you personally, but since you're the last to post it...I wish people would read posts and reply to them.  People have addressed this point already.
1804	teemo	2013-04-30	I guess Tyrion never loved Tysha, as he beds whores left and right.I guess Robert never loved Lyanna, as he was even worse than Tyrion.I guess Tywin never loved Joanna, he also beds whores.I guess Jorah never loved Dany, he aslo also bedded whores after being cast out.I guess Dany never loved Drogo, she... gets with her handmaids. Also Daario.Seriously, loving Renly doesn't mean a guy in his early twenties will shun sex forever. it's been half a year at least, and it was a one night romp, it's not like he has forsworn Renly forever. He WAS stupid for spilling out the family secret to his lover, but Loras has never been presented as particularily clever guy.Really missing the point here...
1805	Jasta11	2013-04-30	Really missing the point here...What's the point then? Show Loras is different from book Loras? Because I thought that was crystal clear already. Show Loras never utters the candle quote (or just not yet). Show Loras wasn't shown having as much devotion to Renly as his book counterpart. Show Loras is simply doing different things than Book Loras (promised to Sansa, not in KG yet), that's how the character was created. Taking show Loras as his own character, his affair is perfectly fine.It would have been character assassination had they built up his love for Renly (showing us his burying, having him say the candle quote), passing the message that he was just like book Loras, and then have him shag the first passing squire. I agree the scene is rather clumsy, but character assassination? These words are thrown around way too often.
1806	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-04-30	I think a good comparison is the scene in the season one finale where Cersei tells Lancel to "get back into bed". Whilst it shows her cheating on Jaime, we can also see that she doesn't actually care for Lancel and is only using him while Jaime's gone.I imagine that, if Loras had sex with someone in the books, it would be pretty similar to that. And I don't think it would have been too hard for the show to convey that sort of feeling.I'll admit, it might have been good to have had Olyvar say something insensitive ("In my experience, they rarely do. Your Margaery's an exception.") and then show Loras look darkly off to the side before dismissing it ("Let's get back to your experiences"). That said, Loras has been in mourning for months. It's not surprising that if he's using Olyvar to forget the pain of losing Renly for a night, he wouldn't bring him up in pillow talk. He definitely wasn't acting like this was the first time since Renly.  He jumped all over that guy in half a second without hesitation.  It's not about a "number" - that has nothing to do with whether or not he's a good person.  It's the fact that it wasn't really consistent with the Loras I know, at least.  He was miserable around this time in the books.  Was he smiling at all?  Ever?  He WAS MISERABLE.  And pissed.  He didn't seem to really give a damn about anyone, except for protecting his family of course.He seems like a promiscuous stereotype to me because that's ALL we've basically seen of Loras all season.  No kind of mention of Renly or his love for him or how he misses him or anything...Loras-only screentime has been dedicated to that one sex scene.But this ISN'T "A Song of Ice and Fire," this is "Game of Thrones." This is a different Loras than the one we've read about, just as it's a different Missandei, Jorah Mormont, Arya Stark, Gendry, Renly, etc. The show is inspired by the book series, but they remain two different works.
1807	teemo	2013-04-30	What's the point then? Show Loras is different from book Loras? Because I thought that was crystal clear already. Show Loras never utters the candle quote (or just not yet). Show Loras wasn't shown having as much devotion to Renly as his book counterpart. Show Loras is simply doing different things than Book Loras (promised to Sansa, not in KG yet), that's how the character was created. Taking show Loras as his own character, his affair is perfectly fine.It would have been character assassination had they built up his love for Renly (showing us his burying, having him say the candle quote), passing the message that he was just like book Loras, and then have him shag the first passing squire. I agree the scene is rather clumsy, but character assassination? These words are thrown around way too often.Where did I say his character was "assassinated?" Oh yeah, I didn't.
1808	teemo	2013-04-30	Where did I say his character was "assassinated?" Oh yeah, I didn't.But this ISN'T "A Song of Ice and Fire," this is "Game of Thrones." This is a different Loras than the one we've read about, just as it's a different Missandei, Jorah Mormont, Arya Stark, Gendry, Renly, etc. The show is inspired by the book series, but they remain two different works.REALLY?!?! I thought they were the same!  I would say every one of those characters you mentioned is wayyy more similar to their book counterparts than Loras.  And yes, they're different works, but isn't the point to kind of have the same characters...?  I know there have to be *some* differences, but didn't see the necessity in this change.  But, you're allowed to be fine with that change, and I don't have to be.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 07:39 PM.
1809	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-04-30	[/background][/font][/color]REALLY?!?! I thought they were the same!  I would say every one of those characters you mentioned is wayyy more similar to their book counterparts than Loras.  And yes, they're different works, but isn't the point to kind of have the same characters...?  I know there have to be *some* differences, but didn't see the necessity in this change.  But, you're allowed to be fine with that change, and I don't have to be.Sounds fair. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim, 30 April 2013 - 07:43 PM.
1810	Linda	2013-04-30	But this ISN'T "A Song of Ice and Fire," this is "Game of Thrones." This is a different Loras than the one we've read about, just as it's a different Missandei, Jorah Mormont, Arya Stark, Gendry, Renly, etc. The show is inspired by the book series, but they remain two different works.Really, its "inspired by" now? I thought it was an adaptation. Or pretending to be one, anyway. Just because they had changed some aspects of Loras didn't mean they had to completely erase the rest of the character. They might as well have renamed him, like they did with Talisa, because by now that character shares little more than his name with the actual character of Loras.I don't, and I never will, recognize that there is such a thing as "book Loras" and "show Loras" (or book vs show versions of any other character either, for that matter). There's the character as described in the books and there's an adaptation of that character. When the character in the show differs from the character in the books, I consider whether the changes were reasonable and necessary. If not, well, I consider it more or less idiotic.
1811	teemo	2013-04-30	Really, its "inspired by" now? I thought it was an adaptation. Or pretending to be one, anyway. Just because they had changed some aspects of Loras didn't mean they had to completely erase the rest of the character. They might as well have renamed him, like they did with Talisa, because by now that character shares little more than his name with the actual character of Loras.I don't, and I never will, recognize that there is such a thing as "book Loras" and "show Loras" (or book vs show versions of any other character either, for that matter). There's the character as described in the books and there's an adaptation of that character. When the character in the show differs from the character in the books, I consider whether the changes were reasonable and necessary. If not, well, I consider it more or less idiotic.QFT.  Thank you. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
1812	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-04-30	Really, its "inspired by" now? I thought it was an adaptation. Or pretending to be one, anyway. Just because they had changed some aspects of Loras didn't mean they had to completely erase the rest of the character. They might as well have renamed him, like they did with Talisa, because by now that character shares little more than his name with the actual character of Loras.I don't, and I never will, recognize that there is such a thing as "book Loras" and "show Loras" (or book vs show versions of any other character either, for that matter). There's the character as described in the books and there's an adaptation of that character. When the character in the show differs from the character in the books, I consider whether the changes were reasonable and necessary. If not, well, I consider it more or less idiotic.Adaptation doesn't mean word-for-word replication of the book. It's taking a story and reshaping it. It's retelling a legend and putting your own spin on it. That's what D + D are doing, and I find it fascinating. I got one story in the book, now I want a new story that, while connected to the original, truly is its own beast. The essence of Loras remains true, though. People seem to think he was defined by his romance with Renly, since his alleged "forgetting" of the dead Baratheon is causing so much controversy. Of course he's not defined by that romance, though, just as no one is defined by any romance. Both Book Loras and Show Loras are impulsive, they are arrogant, they are naive, but they are also both great knights and warriors who work diligently to improve themselves. They are both dedicated to their family and would do anything for their sister. In this, Show Loras has not been erased or changed to the core simply because of how his onscreen reaction to Renly's death differs from what we are shown in the book.
1813	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	because by now that character shares little more than his name with the actual character of Loras.I don't know. The only real deviation for me seems to be that rather than having everlasting Renly love, he got over it and is now bedding other guys. He's still an arrogant man-child, very skilled fighter, pretty as opposed to rugged in appearance. He's not a Kingsguard but that's not really a trait.I didn't care for the change to his devotion but going so far to say his character is erased is hyperbole, in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 08:01 PM.
1814	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	I'm sure some gay people do. But they would show some sort of internal conflict, particularly if they were as devoted to their loved one as Loras was (even in the season two finale Loras was clearly devastated about Renly's death).How do you know he didn't, either before or afterwards?  Or do you think that the two of them went straight to the bedroom after their exchange in the garden, with no more words spoken or thoughts thunk or time passed?  In the Bryan Cogman interview Ran did, Cogman states Loras did it because he was grieving and confused, which is also why he let slip the bit about Sansa that he would not have if he had been thinking clearly.Loras's character has been erased and reduced down to his sexual orientation. It's offensive.Well that's a HUGE oversimplication and unbelievably hyperbolic.  No one has "erased" the Loras in the books - he is always there for you to read and enjoy - and this act doesn't "erase" any of the character development of Loras we've seen so far on the show.I think you are the one who can't get past characters' sexuality and let them be "defined" and "reduced" by it.   As far as I'm concerned Loras being gay is irrelevant.
1815	Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim	2013-04-30	Well that's a HUGE oversimplication and unbelievably hyperbolic.  No one has "erased" the Loras in the books - he is always there for you to read and enjoy - and this act doesn't "erase" any of the character development of Loras we've seen so far on the show.I think you are the one who can't get past characters' sexuality and let them be "defined" and "reduced" by it.   As far as I'm concerned Loras being gay is irrelevant.Amen to this.
					
					
							Edited by Not_All_Ravens_Are_Grim, 30 April 2013 - 08:13 PM.
1816	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	The essence of Loras remains true, though. People seem to think he was defined by his romance with Renly, since his alleged "forgetting" of the dead Baratheon is causing so much controversy. Of course he's not defined by that romance, though, just as no one is defined by any romance. Both Book Loras and Show Loras are impulsive, they are arrogant, they are naive, but they are also both great knights and warriors who work diligently to improve themselves. They are both dedicated to their family and would do anything for their sister. In this, Show Loras has not been erased or changed to the core simply because of how his onscreen reaction to Renly's death differs from what we are shown in the book.In the book Loras is defined by being an excellent knight and then later by his love of Renly.  There's not that much more to it than that.  By showing that he may never have cared about Renly and doesn't mourn his death at all, it drastically changes his character.  Yes, this is an adaptation, but I don't think this is even a change that works for the adaptation.  It was part of a lazy three-part scene to get Littlefinger to find out about the Tyrell's arrangement when there were so many better ways to do it.  I am no purist by any means, but I think the changes they make need to work and not be sloppy, and this one was horribly sloppy and in the process they changed Loras' character past the point of no return.
1817	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	I think you are the one who can't get past characters' sexuality and let them be "defined" and "reduced" by it.   As far as I'm concerned Loras being gay is irrelevant.I don't care who Loras loves or what gender they are, but he was supposed to deeply love them.  We haven't seen that.  I don't think those of us who are upset about the change are upset because he's not shown caring about the death of his *gay* lover, but because he's not shown caring about his lover, period.  And that sense of deep care was a large part of his character in the later books.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 30 April 2013 - 08:25 PM.
1818	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Loras is a bit of an impulsive fool in the books as well. There's the reckless Dragonstone ploy, for example.Well, that was to save highgarden
1819	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Well, that was to save highgardenHe slays 2 (or 3?) of his own men because he's pissed that Renly died. I don't know if one could be more impulsive.I don't care who Loras loves or what gender they are, but he was supposed to deeply love them.  We haven't seen that.  I don't think those of us who are upset about the change are upset because he's not shown caring about the death of his *gay* lover, but because he's not shown caring about his lover, period.  And that sense of deep care was a large part of his character in the later books.In Season 2 he's crying over Renly and vows to kill Stannis immediately. He was deeply saddened, but he just got over it much quicker in the show. Again I don't like the change but let's not ignore facts.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 08:39 PM.
1820	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Why can't he be a fool, and thus acting accordingly?  Someone on the show other than Hodor has to be of below-average intelligence.  QoT is dismissive of him, so there's at least a shred of evidence to support that he might be one of the bottom quartile.Thats why we have show Robb Stark, he's dumb enough for everyone.QoT is dismissive of everyone but Marg (tyrion, mace, sansa)
1821	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	He slays 2 (or 3?) of his own men because he's pissed that Renly died. I don't know if one could be more impulsive.So killing people in a rage because the love of your life was just killed is evidence of loose bedroom lips the first time one hops in the sack? Im sure the plan for sansa was revealed to him in confidence.
1822	Jasta11	2013-04-30	Where did I say his character was "assassinated?" Oh yeah, I didn't.The words ARE thrown around. Along with ''idiotic changes'' and the like. I wasn't targeting you, personally, with that. Sorry if it came of as this.Personally, I do think there is such a thing as ''book Loras'' and ''show Loras'' when they're explicitely different, when completely different events happen to them. Margeary is another example of this, and is arguably a better character for it. Loras loses a character trait (undying, romantic love for Renly) so that the plot can move along. I'm not overly fond of the change, but I'm not overly fond of Loras either so I don't much care. I'm more puzzled over the fact he spills a quite important secret to his conquest, to be truthful.
1823	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	In Season 2 he's crying over Renly and vows to kill Stannis immediately. He was deeply saddened, but he just got over it much quicker in the show. Again I don't like the change but let's not ignore facts.That is no where near equivalent to how his character is displayed in the books. There is one scene where he says he wants revenge.  And then...Renly is never mentioned again by him.
1824	teemo	2013-04-30	So killing people in a rage because the love of your life was just killed is evidence of loose bedroom lips the first time one hops in the sack?Im sure the plan for sansa was revealed to him in confidence.Agreed.  And also, when I'm writing at least, I don't care that he's gay like someone said above, it's just about him being in love.  But yes, it did kind of seem to perpetuate a gay stereotype as well.  I actually got in such a bad fight with a friend today about gay rights/quality that started with the topic of Loras -.- Bad enough to end it, looks like.
1825	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Agreed.  And also, when I'm writing at least, I don't care that he's gay like someone said above, it's just about him being in love.  But yes, it did kind of seem to perpetuate a gay stereotype as well.  I actually got in such a bad fight with a friend today about gay rights/quality that started with the topic of Loras -.- Bad enough to end it, looks like.Well, it was a very stereotypically gay scene.  You know, everyone is physically all perfect and slutty blah blah.  Super hollywood.  I though it was a little cop outish, but then i realized they were just trying to show some pecs and ass for shock value and got over it.I dont have the fortitude to get pissed off about social implications and ramifications of GoT in Westeros  Im too busy going through the emotional rollercoaster that is being a diehard book fan and watching GoT.  I get so pissed one scene, then I'm thrilled with 3-4 scenes then Talissa and Robb come on and I have to go take a goddam shot, lol.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 30 April 2013 - 08:58 PM.
1826	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	So killing people in a rage because the love of your life was just killed is evidence of loose bedroom lips the first time one hops in the sack?Im sure the plan for sansa was revealed to him in confidence.Er, no. Killing your own innocent men because you're seriously pissed shows that you're impulsive. Don't put words in my mouth (or my fingers, really) and note what I was quoting directly.Edited to say I can see how you would arrive at this conclusion based on the fact that this thread is exactly about his lack of faithfulness, which I've gone on record as saying I disliked in show, but people are now claiming he is not even the same character which is ridiculous. My point was that he is the same mostly, with that aspect of him changed, although it is a significant part of him.You can check Cogman's views on the scene if you haven't already:http://www.westeros....ew_Bryan_Cogman
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 09:14 PM.
1827	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Er, no. Killing your own innocent men because you're seriously pissed shows that you're impulsive. Don't put words in my mouth (or my fingers, really) and note what I was quoting directly.I can make an argument there's plenty of  impulsive characters.  Doesnt mean id believe a scene where Rickard Karstark bangs a camp follower and tells her that he's about to go kill the lannister boys.Doesnt mean I'd believe that Cat would kidnap Tyrion wilth zero proof that he tried to have Bran killed right after she and Ned agreed to do nothing about their suspiscions until they got to the bottom of things..... Oh wait...
1828	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Er, no. Killing your own innocent men because you're seriously pissed shows that you're impulsive. Don't put words in my mouth (or my fingers, really) and note what I was quoting directly.Edited to say I can see how you would arrive at this conclusion based on the fact that this thread is exactly about his lack of faithfulness, which I've gone on record as saying I disliked in show, but people are now claiming he is not even the same character which is ridiculous. My point was that he is the same mostly, with that aspect of him changed, although it is a significant part of him.You can check Cogman's views on the scene if you haven't already:http://www.westeros....ew_Bryan_CogmanIm not saying its not his character, i just didnt like the immediate vomiting of important time sensitive family secrets.
1829	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	I can make an argument there's plenty of  impulsive characters.  Doesnt mean id believe a scene where Rickard Karstark bangs a camp follower and tells her that he's about to go kill the lannister boys.Doesnt mean I'd believe that Cat would kidnap Tyrion wilth zero proof that he tried to have Bran killed right after she and Ned agreed to do nothing about their suspiscions until they got to the bottom of things..... Oh wait...I edited my post to better address that /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I wasn't saying he should go bang other dudes willy nilly because he's impulsive, I meant he's still mostly the same character so all this hyperbole about how he's totally ruined and they should change his character name is preposterous. His dedication to Renly was a big thing, but that's the only thing that's really a stretch from book to show.Im not saying its not his character, i just didnt like the immediate vomiting of important time sensitive family secrets.Cogman explains it as he's miserable and confused, not thinking straight, and let's it slip. Personally I don't have that much of a problem with it. This dude is the first man he's shared intimacy with since Renly, with whom he's used to sharing everything, and in that vulnerability he stupidly gives out information forgetting that it should be a secret.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 09:26 PM.
1830	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	I edited my post to better address that /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I wasn't saying he should go bang other dudes willy nilly because he's impulsive, I meant he's still mostly the same character so all this hyperbole about how he's totally ruined and they should change his character name is preposterous. His dedication to Renly was a big thing, but that's the only thing that's really a stretch from book to show.Not a character assassination imo.  There's only one character assassination going down IMO (arguably 2), and it aint Loras.
1831	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Yeah, Cat is a big one. All the Unsullied seem to think she actually is the person to blame for almost everything. I'm not a Cat apologist but they never could have her come across as intelligent and political savvy for some reason.
1832	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Yeah, Cat is a big one. All the Unsullied seem to think she actually is the person to blame for almost everything. I'm not a Cat apologist but they never could have her come across as intelligent and political savvy for some reason.I score character assassinations like this.Robb - 1Cat - .5I wont argue either way if people want to say Cat's is worse.
1833	Relic	2013-04-30	Well, they made Loras the heir to Highgarden instead of the third son, effectively stripping him of ever donning a white cloak. While not an assassination, it's a drastic change form the Loras in the books. Hard to argue otherwise.
1834	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	Well, they made Loras the heir to Highgarden instead of the third son, effectively stripping him of ever donning a white cloak. While not an assassination, it's a drastic change form the Loras in the books. Hard to argue otherwise.Except he already was a member of a Kingsguard, Renly's.  Unless the rules are different for Renly's Kingsguard, he already gave up his rights to Highgarden once.
1835	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	Well, they made Loras the heir to Highgarden instead of the third son, effectively stripping him of ever donning a white cloak. While not an assassination, it's a drastic change form the Loras in the books. Hard to argue otherwise.I'm not particularly bothered by the sacrifice of Willas by the show (is not like he's ever seen anyway). Or of Garlan, for that matter. Well, they could've kept Willas (it's not like they needed to hire a new actor for him anyway, but I guess it does bring the unwanted feedback from watchers knowing of a character never shown /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />). After all, it's not like there's much difference in the path Loras is to take from here in terms of what is going to happen to him situationally (for that matter, he could very likely refuse Cersei just as the Tyrells refused marrying her to Willas).HOWEVER, I don't think those of us who are upset about the change are upset because he's not shown caring about the death of his *gay* lover, but because he's not shown caring about his lover, period.  And that sense of deep care was a large part of his character in the later books.^This. Mostly. QFT.
1836	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Well, they made Loras the heir to Highgarden instead of the third son, effectively stripping him of ever donning a white cloak. While not an assassination, it's a drastic change form the Loras in the books. Hard to argue otherwise.Doesn't Renly's Kingsguard have the same effect?
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 09:44 PM.
1837	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	Except he already was a member of a Kingsguard, Renly's.  Unless the rules are different for Renly's Kingsguard, he already gave up his rights to Highgarden once.I don't remember there being a mention of the rules for the Rainbow Guard; with Renly's court being such a party, he could have changed some of those rules anyway /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />.
1838	Relic	2013-04-30	Doesn't Renly's Kingsguard have the same effect?Tywin states plainly near the end of Kissed by Fire: "He's the heir to Highgarden".
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 30 April 2013 - 09:50 PM.
1839	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Tywin states plainly near the end: "He's the heir to Highgarden".You missed the point. They've already had him on a Kingsguard as the heir to Highgarden once. Unless the Rainbow guard lives by a totally different set of rules which we don't even know. Obviously once Renly was killed he's no longer part of an imaginary Kingsguard and becomes heir again. So to say he can't be a KG is ignoring that in the show he already was one.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 09:52 PM.
1840	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	Loras might join The Kingsguard in the show to get out of the Cersei marriage
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 30 April 2013 - 09:55 PM.
1841	Relic	2013-04-30	You missed the point. They've already had him on a Kingsguard as the heir to Highgarden once. Unless the Rainbow guard lives by a totally different set of rules which we don't even know. Obviously once Renly was killed he's no longer part of an imaginary Kingsguard and becomes heir again. So to say he can't be a KG is ignoring that in the show he already was one.Gotcha.In the books he joined the KG out of grief for Renly, and seemed content with the vow of celibacy. So, its a change from the books, but i guess we'll see if its a full scale character assassination.
1842	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Gotcha.In the books he joined the KG out of grief for Renly, and seemed content with the vow of celibacy. So, its a change from the books, but i guess we'll see if its a full scale character assassination.Well in the books he's not even the heir lol so Mace wouldn't freak out if he joined. But they could always spit out a young Willas later who will likely never be seen but be introduced via dialogue quickly so as to make sense.
1843	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	Loras might join The Kingsguard in the show to get out of the Cersei marriageOr Joffrey could pull an Aerys and name him Kingsguard to get his Mother out of the arrangement, cementing the Tyrells decision to have him removed. I don't think Joffrey would entertain the idea of a half-sibling, given his bastard elimination tactics in the series.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 30 April 2013 - 10:06 PM.
1844	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	Or Joffrey could pull an Aerys and name him Kingsguard to get his Mother out of the arrangement, cementing the Tyrells decision to have him removed. I don't think Joffrey would entertain the idea of a half-sibling, given his bastard elimination tactics in the series.That works
1845	juanml82	2013-04-30	Or they might disregard the kings guard completely and have Cersei postpone the wedding until he's injured at Dragonstone. Or something else entirely. And, therefore, intrigue us book readers with a plot we don't have spoiled
1846	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	Or they might disregard the kings guard completely and have Cersei postpone the wedding until he's injured at Dragonstone. Or something else entirely. And, therefore, intrigue us book readers with a plot we don't have spoiledIt's still fun to speculate. It's also fun to argue reasoning in favor or against a change.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 30 April 2013 - 10:34 PM.
1847	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	My problem with Joff instigating it is that he tells Cersei intelligent women do what they're told. Although the idea of someone getting his mom pregnant would probably enrage him so it could happen, and it would show Cersei finally being able to get him to do what she wants.
Although my favorite scenario in all this would be Olenna telling Tywin, ew no way she's way too used up prompting Tywin to suggest Balon Greyjoy instead /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> But then we would have no Loras KG /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1848	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Renly is dead, Loras is having sex with a squire.
I don't see how Loras having sex with a living man makes him not still be in love with Renly?
and him being an emotional wreck would explain why he isn't tight lipped about his secret betrothal to his "new friend"
1849	siberia82	2013-05-01	Oops, double post.
					
					
							Edited by siberia82, 01 May 2013 - 12:25 AM.
1850	siberia82	2013-05-01	I wish we could've seen the longer version of the scene that Cogman mentioned where it would've been a bit more obvious that Loras was struggling with his emotions. Considering that Loras is only a secondary (or even tertiary) character, his scene in "Kissed by Fire" has created a very strong negative reaction. If Cogman couldn't include his original idea in full due to time constraints, perhaps it would've been better to drop the whole Olyvar subplot and come up with some other way for the info of Sansa's secret betrothal to be leaked to the Lannisters.
					
					
							Edited by siberia82, 01 May 2013 - 12:48 AM.
1851	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-01	I don't want my LGBTQI characters to be perfect angels. To me, that's just as bad as them being portrayed as stereotypes. I like them to be realistic HUMAN characters with human flaws and human strengths. Several people in the TV series have referred to Loras as hotheaded, and that's how he acts in the books more often than not. Why can't Loras be a gifted knight but a poor political schemer/ "a fool"? That's human, that's realistic, many people wouldn't be politically savvy in this world and that has nothing to do with his sexuality. THANK YOU for talking sense. Those who want gay carachters to be cheesily flawless BECAUSE of their being gay should go watch that Glee/ The New Normal shit.
1852	Winter's Knight	2013-05-01	Tch. Since when is Loras a gay angel? He's arrogant, reckless, vengeful and not too brigh. But he's also brave, loves his sister and loyal. As late as the end of Storm he vowed to never betray Renly by word or deed. In Feast he attacked Dragonstone at least in part to revenge himself on Stannis.
There's nothing wrong with casual sex and lord knows I'm not one to say no to a bit of m/m lovemaking but Sunday's episode robs Loras of one of his redeeming qualities and reduces his complexity to just another tired trope about gay men.
Now, I'm reading that the scene was meant to be longer and I don't see why we couldn't have Oleanna's lecture on bowel movements shortened to fit it in.
1853	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Now, I'm reading that the scene was meant to be longer and I don't see why we couldn't have Oleanna's lecture on bowel movements shortened to fit it in.Probably because Olenna is entertaining, while the emotions of a really minor character arent.
1854	Ran	2013-05-01	Those who want gay carachters to be cheesily flawlessLoras is far from flawless, what with his scheming and conniving with Renly, his pushing him to claim the throne, his arrogance, his dismissal of Brienne, etc.Indeed, besides being good as a fighter and being brave, his only real -- and sympathetic -- virtue is his devotion to Renly.What you've done is use a straw man argument. No one wants a "flawless" character. They'd like a flawed character to at least retain the virtue that makes him sympathetic, rather than drop that away and make him seem rather worthless.Joyful Union,But fluffy entertainment shouldn't stand in the way of trying to properly characterize characters, minor or otherwise. You're basically saying they're being half-assed about things, which is what everyone else is saying.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 01 May 2013 - 06:22 AM.
1855	Runaway Penguin	2013-05-01	1. Loras was granted position on Kingsguard after the Blackwater. So he theoretically cannot be heir and eligible to marry again, unless dismissed by King.
2. The scene kind of removes another step on Sansa's paranoia, or rather two steps (first "Tehy care only for your claim" and then later on realisation it was all for money and Littlefinger). 
The scene (and the Loras plot in all) seem to nail last coffin into any hope for Sansa "getting rid of naivette" arc - first she didn't snitch on Ned, now she didn't snitch on Tyrells...
1856	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-01	I wish we could've seen the longer version of the scene that Cogman mentioned where it would've been a bit more obvious that Loras was struggling with his emotions. Considering that Loras is only a secondary (or even tertiary) character, his scene in "Kissed by Fire" has created a very strong negative reaction. If Cogman couldn't include his original idea in full due to time constraints, perhaps it would've been better to drop the whole Olyvar subplot and come up with some other way for the info of Sansa's secret betrothal to be leaked to the Lannisters.It only created a negative reaction with some of the hardcore book readers...The show isn't written specifically for them, it's written for the masses. He's not goIng to bend over backwards for a minor character just to please people on a few forums, who most likely would find something else to complain about anyway.
1857	Zar Lannister	2013-05-01	1. Loras was granted position on Kingsguard after the Blackwater. So he theoretically cannot be heir and eligible to marry again, unless dismissed by King.I don't remember this happening in the show.
1858	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-01	I didn't like the whole making him into the heir I get not wanting too many tyrells or mentioning ppl they haven't introduced yet, I think the whole open secret of his sexuality was let go by his family because he was the third son, had an older bro thats married n wasn't likely to make any great match so being in KG was great opportunity for him. But the contrast between QoT n marg working behind the scenes n him just telling a random one night stand all their plans was weak.
1859	teemo	2013-05-01	What's the longer scene? I have a gay friend that watches and said, "Oh, of course - the gay guy fucks some random dude."  Wasn't really pissed, but a little annoyed.  I really doubt it's only book readers who noticed it.  I know someone else who watches (definitely not a friend) who said it was "a perfect plot device because gay guys fuck anyone, so the writers know what they're doing."
1860	Tempra	2013-05-01	What's the longer scene? I have a gay friend that watches and said, "Oh, of course - the gay guy fucks some random dude."  Wasn't really pissed, but a little annoyed.  I really doubt it's only book readers who noticed it.  I know someone else who watches (definitely not a friend) who said it was "a perfect plot device because gay guys fuck anyone, so the writers know what they're doing."How much time had been wasted on brothels and prostitutes in this show?  Casual, random sex is hardly portrayed as the domain of gay men.
1861	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-01	Loras is far from flawless, what with his scheming and conniving with Renly, his pushing him to claim the throne, his arrogance, his dismissal of Brienne, etc.Indeed, besides being good as a fighter and being brave, his only real -- and sympathetic -- virtue is his devotion to Renly.What you've done is use a straw man argument. No one wants a "flawless" character. They'd like a flawed character to at least retain the virtue that makes him sympatheticI'm not arguing with those who want Loras not to be shallow because it shows disaffection towards Renly; I'm arguing with those who want Loras not to be shallow because he's gay. That is noo strawman argument, to me.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 01 May 2013 - 08:06 AM.
1862	Winter's Knight	2013-05-01	How much time had been wasted on brothels and prostitutes in this show?  Casual, random sex is hardly portrayed as the domain of gay men.There is no counterweight to this scene though. I can point to Robb/Talissa or Jon/Ygritte as counter examples to the brothel scenes but the Loras scene is literally the first gay scene in two scenes?
1863	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	Indeed, besides being good as a fighter and being brave, his only real -- and sympathetic -- virtue is his devotion to Renly.I'm not sure how virtuous it is for a member of the Kingsguard to be bopping the King, particularly when he's married.  The fact that Renly and Loras couldn't keep it in their pants despite the official Kinsguard/King relationship didn't speak well of either of them, IMHO.I wasn't a fan of the scene, but I suppose one virtue of it was that it did buttress Loras as likely being gay and not just bi, which does emphasize the rawness of the deals being pitched to Sansa and Cersei.  Spoon-feeding the viewers, so to speak.
1864	Ran	2013-05-01	The fact that Renly and Loras couldn't keep it in their pants despite the official Kinsguard/King relationship didn't speak well of either of them, IMHO.I don't believe it's established that the Rainbow Guard are sworn to vows of chastity, however. In fact, there's a lord among their number (Bryce Caron), and when Brienne gets the cloak, all she swears is "my life for yours."(And technically speaking, the letter of the vows of the Kingsguard is that you won't father any children. As Martin has said, the intent is celibacy, so you won't form attachments to anyone else. But besides the fact that Loras's and Renly's liasons were unlikely to lead to children -- I devoutly hope -- there's probably nothing obviously wrong with a king and his kingsguard being... well, attached beyond what might happen if they have a falling out. But then, you need not have to be romatically attached to a king to fall out with him  [see Jaime and Aerys])
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 01 May 2013 - 08:59 AM.
1865	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	I don't believe it's established that the Rainbow Guard are sworn to vows of chastity, however. In fact, there's a lord among their number (Bryce Caron), and when Brienne gets the cloak, all she swears is "my life for yours."(And technically speaking, the letter of the vows of the Kingsguard is that you won't father any children. As Martin has said, the intent is celibacy, so you won't form attachments to anyone else. But besides the fact that Loras's and Renly's liasons were unlikely to lead to children -- I devoutly hope -- there's probably nothing obviously wrong with a king and his kingsguard being... well, attached beyond what might happen if they have a falling out. But then, you need not have to be romatically attached to a king to fall out with him  [see Jaime and Aerys])There's still the whole issue of having sex with the King while he's married, which I don't think would fit with the vows of the Seven.  It certainly didn't seem like an okay thing for Osney Kettleback to have sex with Cersei.In any case, to the extent Loras' excursion damaged his character in the eyes of some, I think it's still very fixable.  All they need really do is have him profess his love for Renly as the reason he accepts appointment into the Kingsguard for Joffrey.  "If I can't have the person I loved, I won't have anyone else", perhaps accompanied by a statement of regret over his fling.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 01 May 2013 - 09:25 AM.
1866	Ran	2013-05-01	There's still the whole issue of having sex with the King while he's married, which I don't think would fit with the vows of the Seven.  It certainly didn't seem like an okay thing for Osney Kettleback to have sex with Cersei.But no one much cared about Robert sleeping around. Robert wasn't likely to pop out any sons from his womb, nor was Renly. And fornicating with the king's mother ... well, that's never wise, right? Or the king's wife. But the king himself, well... whatever, probably.One has to be pragmatic about these things, in Westeros.(And really, who's going to punish a kingsguard for failing his vow? If the king doesn't care, it's really no one's business. Matters may have changed now, thanks to the High Septon, but that's something else entirely.)
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 01 May 2013 - 09:29 AM.
1867	Quivver	2013-05-01	My beef was that Loras just started blabbing to this guy like a fool.Its called "pillow talk".But that's not what Book Loras did. He did take a Chastity vow. He took the white!IIRC the vow he took just said he wouldn't take a wife.  Did not some of the other Whitecloaks have women that they spent "quality time" with?WHO was the guy who played Littlefinger's spy?If I heard correctly (I'll have to go back and watch again), but when Loras asked what his new lover/spy's name was, the guy replied "Polliver"Since this season seems to be a much different story than the books, it makes me wonder what Littlefinger's real intentions are w/Sansa.
1868	Honey Badger	2013-05-01	I was okay with it.  Loras wasn't fleshed out in the books, so there will be some interpretation on the show.  He's still hot headed and wants to charge in battle; that part is more important to me than his vow of chastity after Renly.  He'll still have the character "currency" to charge at a siege and supposedly get his face scalded off by oil.
1869	Zar Lannister	2013-05-01	IIRC the vow he took just said he wouldn't take a wife.  Did not some of the other Whitecloaks have women that they spent "quality time" with?"When the sun has set, no candle can replace it." is pretty much the dealbreaker with Loras conviction. It's what's missing in my opinion from the whole Loras ordeal. There isn't a slight hint of remorse in that scene. Certainly, Loras doesn't have a vow to keep here because he's not a Kingsguard; but the driving force into taking that position was Renly's death (the same death that triggered him to a rampage killing others sworn to protect him). And that burst of emotion towards Renly is what is missing in the Loras we saw on TV, IMO.Going on the kingsguard members fooling around, what did Aerys Oakheart call himself after fooling around with Arianne?" The Soiled Knight. He knew he had broken a vow he took.
1870	Zar Lannister	2013-05-01	If I heard correctly (I'll have to go back and watch again), but when Loras asked what his new lover/spy's name was, the guy replied "Polliver"I thought I heard Olyver.
1871	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	But no one much cared about Robert sleeping around. Robert wasn't likely to pop out any sons from his womb, nor was Renly. And fornicating with the king's mother ... well, that's never wise, right? Or the king's wife. But the king himself, well... whatever, probably.For a whore, sure.  Not for a Knight of the Kingsguard.(And really, who's going to punish a kingsguard for failing his vow? If the king doesn't care, it's really no one's business. Matters may have changed now, thanks to the High Septon, but that's something else entirely.)The fact that the King doesn't punish him doesn't make it any more virtuous.In any case, my point is that Loras' character hasn't yet been destroyed.  While this was inconsistent with the books, there have been a number of things about which we've rightfully noted were different, but that were cleaned up/fixed to some extent in later episodes.  If Loras enters the Kingsguard, expressing regret at betraying the memory of Renly, etc.., then I think the damage is pretty much fixed.
1872	juanml82	2013-05-01	What's the longer scene? I have a gay friend that watches and said, "Oh, of course - the gay guy fucks some random dude."  Wasn't really pissed, but a little annoyed.  I really doubt it's only book readers who noticed it.  I know someone else who watches (definitely not a friend) who said it was "a perfect plot device because gay guys fuck anyone, so the writers know what they're doing."Well, as a heterosexual man, if a beautiful girl flirts with me as that squire did with Loras, I wouldn't doubt in going to bed with her. I guess that makes me, I don't know? A man slut? A trope? Some people are too susceptible. Maybe for the right reasons, but susceptible nonetheless.
1873	siberia82	2013-05-01	The show isn't written specifically for them, it's written for the masses.You're right that it's not Cogman's job to cater to those of us who have read the novels, but the masses are much more often homophobic than not. I'm sure there were plenty of viewers (perhaps even the majority?) who were disgusted at the sight of seeing two men being physically intimate, so you can't really say that he was trying to appeal to the average Joe Schmoe, either. This scene pissed off virtually every fan of Renly and Loras, and some LGBTQ viewers were annoyed that the only notable non-heterosexual character currently on the show is portrayed in a manner which could be interpreted as a negative stereotype. With this in mind, I think it can be argued that over-all, it was a bad decision for Cogman to keep a truncated version of his original idea instead of cutting it out completely.Sansa was the one who spilled the beans in the novels, so there was no need to complicate matters by making TV!Loras the culprit. It's weird that the showrunners introduced Ser Dontos in the Season 2 premiere and never bothered to use his character in a significant way again, but even without him, TV!Sansa could simply reveal her betrothal to Littlefinger. This is a simple and elegant solution; no Olyvar is required.If anyone cares to read it, I pretty much agree with everything this fan says about the changes that have been made to Loras' character in "Kissed by Fire": http://renlyslittler...s-my-loras-rant
1874	siberia82	2013-05-01	I thought I heard Olyver.You're almost right. His name is spelled Olyvar, based on what on see on Will Tudor's IMDb page (http://www.imdb.com/...ref_=fn_al_nm_1) and the character's entry on the GoT Wiki (http://gameofthrones...com/wiki/Olyvar).
					
					
							Edited by siberia82, 01 May 2013 - 01:07 PM.
1875	Tempra	2013-05-01	There is no counterweight to this scene though. I can point to Robb/Talissa or Jon/Ygritte as counter examples to the brothel scenes but the Loras scene is literally the first gay scene in two scenes?Isn't Renly/Loras a counterweight?
					
					
							Edited by Tempra, 01 May 2013 - 01:16 PM.
1876	Khalessi	2013-05-01	I thought it uneccisary and it definitely didn't help with my opinion of Loras. It was a very human thing to do, but to show no remorse for Renly and being so overly giddy in this scene didn't feel right. What's worse is making him actually be the one to reveal to this stranger he just meet about his familes secret made him look dumb. I know Loras isn't a huge characer in the books but I feel this was a bit of  a slap in the face to his character just to add some gratutious sex. If Catelyn had a scene like this people would feel like it was be in poor taste after she lost Ned.
					
					
							Edited by Starpower67, 01 May 2013 - 02:06 PM.
1877	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	Uh, considering I fast forwarded through the scene, perhaps I shouldn't be opining on it.
1878	teemo	2013-05-01	I can't imagine fast forwarding through any scene on a show I watch....but maybe I'm just a weirdo /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> And if I feel uncomfortable it just makes me want to watch more..
					
					
							Edited by schala, 01 May 2013 - 08:13 PM.
1879	Martin Lasarte	2013-05-01	I think Loras may have wanted to avoid getting married to Sansa, but didn't dare contradict his grandmother. So when the squire hit on him, he quickly realized he was a spy, and decided to tell him about his marriage plans, knowing full well what the consequences would be.
1880	Honey Badger	2013-05-02	You're right that it's not Cogman's job to cater to those of us who have read the novels, but the masses are much more often homophobic than not. I'm sure there were plenty of viewers (perhaps even the majority?) who were disgusted at the sight of seeing two men being physically intimate, so you can't really say that he was trying to appeal to the average Joe Schmoe, either. This scene pissed off virtually every fan of Renly and Loras, and some LGBTQ viewers were annoyed that the only notable non-heterosexual character currently on the show is portrayed in a manner which could be interpreted as a negative stereotype. With this in mind, I think it can be argued that over-all, it was a bad decision for Cogman to keep a truncated version of his original idea instead of cutting it out completely.FYI HBO shows already showed a shitload of gay sex and were open about it.  So there's context that HBO already expected a different audience going in.  As for homophobes, fuck them.  They'll learn to tolerate it or unsubscribe.  And no, HBO isn't worried about losing them.  As I said they've dealt with the gay taboo ages ago.  Loras did nothing special with this episode.As for sensitive gay viewers, they'll learn to deal with it too.  They complained about gay depiction in The Wire also.  Didn't slow them down at all.  We'll all just take a collective deep breath and understand HBO writes flawed characters.  No big deal.
					
					
							Edited by Honey Badger, 02 May 2013 - 12:28 AM.
1881	wolverine	2013-05-02	I think Loras may have wanted to avoid getting married to Sansa, but didn't dare contradict his grandmother. So when the squire hit on him, he quickly realized he was a spy, and decided to tell him about his marriage plans, knowing full well what the consequences would be.Really?  Unless this is revealed in a later episode that seems like a pretty damn big connect the dots for the audience without much evidence.FYI HBO shows already showed a shitload of gay sex and were open about it.  So there's context that HBO already expected a different audience going in.  As for homophobes, fuck them.  They'll learn to tolerate it or unsubscribe.  And no, HBO isn't worried about losing them.  As I said they've dealt with the gay taboo ages ago.  Loras did nothing special with this episode.As for sensitive gay viewers, they'll learn to deal with it too.  They complained about gay depiction in The Wire also.  Didn't slow them down at all.  We'll all just take a collective deep breath and understand HBO writes flawed characters.  No big deal.Except it made him look like a secret revealing skank, which he would look the same way if his sex was with a woman and not a man.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 02 May 2013 - 06:03 PM.
1882	Lord Varys	2013-05-02	In the show Renly has no Rainbow Guard, just the Kingsguard. And his Kingsguard obviously has the same rules as Joffrey's Kingsguard, which means that Loras was no longer the heir to Highgarden after he became Lord Commander of Renly's Kingsguard. Renly did steal both of Mace Tyrell's heirs away when he crowned himself. Which is why the decision to make Loras heir to Highgarden makes no sense whatsoever. Especially since this makes the whole Tyrell family look like complete morons. According to Olenna, she was not particularly happy with this whole Renly idea. But can anyone see Olenna letting Mace's stupid plans put the line of succession of Highgarden in danger? She would have poisoned Mace herself before allowing him to deliver his only two children to Renly Baratheon. But I can't even Mace see trying to pull off something this stupid. The competence of the Tyrells in the political field is best shown in the fact that they do not actually put the elder sons of Mace Tyrell in danger.
Another problem is that the writers actually go along with Tywin's problematic decision to consider Jaime his heir despite the fact that he took a vow to forfeit all his rights. Loras would have done the same, and it would make no sense to assume that his vows just died together with Renly. Selmy did not leave the Kingsguard when Aerys died and the Targaryen dynasty was dethroned. Despite the fact that one could make a huge difference between the Targaryen and the Baratheon Kingsguard.
If it's a huge issue that Jaime can't inherit and can't leave the Kingsguard despite Tywin being the de facto ruler of the Realm, how can it make sense that Loras quietly resigns from the Kingsguard and is renamed heir to Highgarden? Both the marriage between Sansa and Loras (and Loras and Cersei) and the fact that Loras Tyrell is heir to Highgarden are highly problematic.
1883	juanml82	2013-05-02	Loras might not join the KG, Mace might not be planning to die before making a new heir, Marge's second son could be expected to inherit Highgarden, or only few book readers would even notice anyway
1884	Zar Lannister	2013-05-02	Loras was in a guard of a pretendant, not in the Crown's KG; kneeling to The Lannisters as an ally doesn't make him inherit a position in the KG.
1885	Ran	2013-05-02	In the show Renly has no Rainbow Guard, just the Kingsguard. And his Kingsguard obviously has the same rules as Joffrey's Kingsguard, which means that Loras was no longer the heir to Highgarden after he became Lord Commander of Renly's Kingsguard. Renly did steal both of Mace Tyrell's heirs away when he crowned himself. Which is why the decision to make Loras heir to Highgarden makes no sense whatsoever.They were called the Kingsguard, but I don't know that it's true that they "obviously" had the same rules. In fact, just as in the book, Brienne's "vows" entail nothing but protecting Renly.After all, if the Tyrells were concerned about losing Loras as the only apparent male heir, it was an easy matter for Renly to just waive that bit of it, no?
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 May 2013 - 07:38 AM.
1886	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	Another problem is that the writers actually go along with Tywin's problematic decision to consider Jaime his heir despite the fact that he took a vow to forfeit all his rights. Loras would have done the same, and it would make no sense to assume that his vows just died together with Renly. Selmy did not leave the Kingsguard when Aerys died and the Targaryen dynasty was dethroned. Despite the fact that one could make a huge difference between the Targaryen and the Baratheon Kingsguard.There is a difference between being the heir, and not being able to inherit as a member of the Kingsguard.  Jaime is Tywin's heir, but if he is still a member of the Kingsguard at the time of Tywin's death, he would be unable to inherit.  Tywin, even in the books, insists that Jaime is his heir, and wants him to quit.  If Jaime wanted out, and the King was agreeable, I see no reason why that would somehow be forbidden.And really, the loss of his hand sort of illustrates the point.  It is entirely possible that a member (or perhaps multiple members at the same time) of the Kingsguard who had lost a hand(s), or leg(s) would be offered release from his vows by the King, and might accept if endorsed by the Septon.  It's one thing to carrry a geezer for a few years, but quite another to keep a member, or perhaps multiple members, on for perhaps 40+ years who cannot fight.As for Selmy, Robert offered him a position in his Kingsguard, and he accepted.  Had he not been offered the position, and not accepted, I think there's a pretty good argument he'd be able to inherit.  Again, it might require some mumbo-jumbo from the High Septon, but I think it is certainly within the realm of possibility.  He could have married, etc..I'd just like to add that I think it is somewhat unfair to jump to conclusions regarding inconsistencies, or butchering a character, based on a single episode.  Most such things are possible to remedy, and until it is clear that is not or cannot happen, I think the writers deserve a chance to be judged on the character portrayal as a whole, and not just as he/she is portrayed in a single episode.  Same thing with plot points about Kingsguard obligations, etc..  Give them time to get it all in over the course of a few episodes before conclusion they've really screwed something up.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 02 May 2013 - 10:44 AM.
1887	Quivver	2013-05-02	You're almost right. His name is spelled Olyvar, based on what on see on Will Tudor's IMDb page (http://www.imdb.com/...ref_=fn_al_nm_1) and the character's entry on the GoT Wiki (http://gameofthrones...com/wiki/Olyvar).Yep... I re-watched it last night.  Definitatly was Olyvar and not Polliver
1888	BurningCandle	2013-05-02	I figured he was just using the guy as a distraction, just a rebound guy. I don't think it detracts from his love for Renly.
1889	Ran	2013-05-02	But he's never mentioned Renly, shows no signs of regret or sadness, etc. It's bad characterization on the part of the writers, if they actually intended him to convey these things but didn't provide the character the opportunity. Alternatively, he's genuinely moved on from Renly and doesn't care any more, which makes him less sympathetic. Pick your poison.
1890	BurningCandle	2013-05-02	But he's never mentioned Renly, shows no signs of regret or sadness, etc. It's bad characterization on the part of the writers, if they actually intended him to convey these things but didn't provide the character the opportunity. Alternatively, he's genuinely moved on from Renly and doesn't care any more, which makes him less sympathetic. Pick your poison.He was clearly a mess when Margery was trying persuade him to leave. Perhaps he's simply pushing the feelings down and away trying not to deal with them?
1891	Baratheon3508	2013-05-02	He was clearly a mess when Margery was trying persuade him to leave. Perhaps he's simply pushing the feelings down and away trying not to deal with them?Hmmm He seemed upset yes, but it was a far cry from the murderous and distraught Loras of the books. He was quite logical in this scene, coming to the conclusion that Brienne was an unlikely culprit and that Stannis was more likely to have been involved. Book Loras was said to be such a mess at seeing Renly's body that he cut down 2 of his own sworn brothers in his rage against their failure to protect him
1892	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	Hmmm He seemed upset yes, but it was a far cry from the murderous and distraught Loras of the books. He was quite logical in this scene, coming to the conclusion that Brienne was an unlikely culprit and that Stannis was more likely to have been involved. Book Loras was said to be such a mess at seeing Renly's body that he cut down 2 of his own sworn brothers in his rage against their failure to protect himI don't know how well it would sit with the audience to have Loras slaughter two innocent men just because he's upset about his lover. That's pretty ridiculous, isn't it? You can reason that out to some extent. Loras doesnt know a magical shadow-thing killed Renly without the guards seeing. Loras must assume that they were lazy or corrupt, or something of that nature. But is any of that reasonable though? At the very least the two knights should have been put to trial, not executed on the spot by his angry lover.You can assume that Loras made a tragic mistake, and then he tries to redeem / antone for this by devoting himself the kingsguard. Or you can assume that Loras is just a spoiled jerk who only knows how to express himself physically, and never gives a damn about murdering two innocent men in a fit of rage. You can make a case for either in the books.
1893	BurningCandle	2013-05-02	Hmmm He seemed upset yes, but it was a far cry from the murderous and distraught Loras of the books. He was quite logical in this scene, coming to the conclusion that Brienne was an unlikely culprit and that Stannis was more likely to have been involved. Book Loras was said to be such a mess at seeing Renly's body that he cut down 2 of his own sworn brothers in his rage against their failure to protect himAh that's true, I had completely forgotten! Maybe they toned him down to make him more sympathetic.
					
					
							Edited by BurningCandle, 02 May 2013 - 01:06 PM.
1894	'96Buck	2013-05-02	But he's never mentioned Renly, shows no signs of regret or sadness, etc. It's bad characterization on the part of the writers, if they actually intended him to convey these things but didn't provide the character the opportunity. Alternatively, he's genuinely moved on from Renly and doesn't care any more, which makes him less sympathetic. Pick your poison.He can hardly be moping around the Red Keep, openly pining for a traitor and failed usurper.
1895	Tyrion4President	2013-05-02	Loras didn't really have a character to assassinate imo.agreed. besides cercei lost her husband and hasnt slept with anyone yet (in the show at least) but that doesnt mean its because she loved robert (we know she really didnt). its because of her independent personality. but we know that because we know a good amount about Cercei. We know almost nothing about Loras and therfor there is no character to assassinate
1896	Ran	2013-05-02	He can hardly be moping around the Red Keep, openly pining for a traitor and failed usurper.And privately? In the novel, he shows his sadness to Sansa when he's escorting her, though she doesn't understand it. And here, in this very episode, there was an opportunity to show this was an attempt at a "rebound", maybe a foolish one because the grief is too raw or what have you... but no, nothing. He blathers on about being betrothed and wanting to know how experienced his booty call is.Bad writing, or a less sympathetic character. These are the only two options, really. If, as FLoW so generously suggests, they have Loras being grief-struck later on, it's something that doesn't jive at all with this scene, so we can put it down to bad writing.besides cercei lost her husband and hasnt slept with anyone yet (in the show at least)She slept with Lancel.We know plenty about Loras. Like the fact that he adored Renly, grieved deeply for him, and months later was still saying he would never betray him.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 May 2013 - 04:27 PM.
1897	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	She slept with Lancel.We know plenty about Loras. Like the fact that he adored Renly, grieved deeply for him, and months later was still saying he would never betray him.Well, if they have a scene where the opportunity for Loras to enter the KG is presented, and he shows regret about betraying Renly, and accepts the KG position as effectively a vow of celibacy in favor of Renly, would that help repair his image as someone who really cared about him?
1898	Ran	2013-05-02	See above. If they do that, they did a bad job of setting that up, don't you think? Can people just turn their emotions on and off? Certainly, Loras has been presented on the show as someone who can't really hide his feelings -- his sneer at Brienne, his shock that Renly would name her to his guard, his dismissal of her, etc. All quite out in the open. But somehow the deepest grief in his young life is something that just vanishes when there's a bit of totty on offer? Eh. Bad.
1899	Tyrell_like_Squirrel	2013-05-02	I can see where people are coming from with frustration at Loras's development this season, and I agree that it seems a bit too rushed to have him galavanting into the bed of another man, only months after Renly's death. But I wouldn't call it character assassination. If anything, it just proves that show Loras is a much different character then book Loras. In the show, he loved Renly, but it was nowhere near as strong as "sun has set, no candle, etc." I think Loras still feels bad about it, but in this version he's much more of a ..man-nizer?..Mannizer? Maneniz-whatever. He is potrayed as being bold, lusty, and headstrong, which in fairness were all traits he displayed in the book.
As I said, I get the anger and frustration, but I think people should let it go. Loras is a different character in the show, and we're all just going to have to get used to it. It's not the first time they've done it, hell, Cersei is soooooooo much more sympathetic in the show. Do we call that character assassination? No, it's just a different character.
1900	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	See above. If they do that, they did a bad job of setting that up, don't you think? Can people just turn their emotions on and off? Certainly, Loras has been presented on the show as someone who can't really hide his feelings -- his sneer at Brienne, his shock that Renly would name her to his guard, his dismissal of her, etc. All quite out in the open. But somehow the deepest grief in his young life is something that just vanishes when there's a bit of totty on offer? Eh. Bad.Well...maybe.  But I think it is a very fair point that people respond differently to grief, and that their emotions can run the gamut.  Some people have flash rebound romances after breaking up even with a loved one, then regretting it.  But that doesn't change their underlying feelings of grief or sadness.  I don't think real people in those kind of situations always act consistently or logically, and may engage in temporary behaviors that are otherwise out of character.The real question to me is why have the scene with Loras at all, and I can only come up with two reasons.  One is that, given the amount of gratuitous sex already, there were some folks who wanted to see more gay sex, so this was pandering to some extent.  It apparently backfired with its intended audience, though.The other -- which I think is more justifiable -- is that they needed to remind show viewers who Loras was, and why the proposed marriages to Sansa and Cersei would be so objectionable.  And it's always better to show than tell, so they tossed in that scene to say "and this is why those proposing that Sansa/Cersei marry Loras aren't doing those women any favors."  I mean, I don't think it was a coincidence that the Loras scene happened right when those two marriages were being discussed.  I think that's a legitimate purpose, but I agree fixing Loras to aling more closely with book Loras would require something of significance in a subsequent ep..Then again, they may just feel that he's a sufficiently minor character that it doesn't matter all that much.  I guess time will tell.
1901	Zar Lannister	2013-05-02	If anything, it just proves that show Loras is a much different character then book Loras. In the show, he loved Renly, but it was nowhere near as strong as "sun has set, no candle, etc." I think Loras still feels bad about it, but in this version he's much more of a ..man-nizer?..Mannizer? Maneniz-whatever. He is potrayed as being bold, lusty, and headstrong, which in fairness were all traits he displayed in the book.There's another thing a bit different from what I gathered in the show Loras over the the character in the books. It was to my opinion that Renly was a lot more dominant in the books than he's depicted on screen, and the scene where Loras is shaving Renly has him seeding Renly's thoughts of seizing the Iron Throne. I don't remember quite clearly from the books, but Renly's described as a smooth operator (there's a silken gloves reference) by certain people, so I was of the impression that it was Renly who came up with reasons to pass over Stannis' claim there.
1902	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	See above. If they do that, they did a bad job of setting that up, don't you think? Can people just turn their emotions on and off? Certainly, Loras has been presented on the show as someone who can't really hide his feelings -- his sneer at Brienne, his shock that Renly would name her to his guard, his dismissal of her, etc. All quite out in the open. But somehow the deepest grief in his young life is something that just vanishes when there's a bit of totty on offer? Eh. Bad.I think ultimately this character suffered from being what the showrunners consider not vital - so we get the scene cut where he's supposed to grieve a bit to make time for more pivotal things, and they have LF ruining the Tyrell plot at his expense as a plot utility. They shorten his conversation with Sansa where he shows more grief. Just seems he's a victim of an incredibly tight schedule and the writers struggling to find alternate ways to present the same overall details without hurting some aspect of the source material.
1903	Khal Porno	2013-05-02	See above. If they do that, they did a bad job of setting that up, don't you think? Can people just turn their emotions on and off? Certainly, Loras has been presented on the show as someone who can't really hide his feelings -- his sneer at Brienne, his shock that Renly would name her to his guard, his dismissal of her, etc. All quite out in the open. But somehow the deepest grief in his young life is something that just vanishes when there's a bit of totty on offer? Eh. Bad.I talked to a young woman recently who lost her mother unexpectedly a month ago, and we had a light hearted conversation about other things and she was in a good mood when we spoke and joking around.  And she had suffered a seriously devastating loss.  I don't think she was disrespectful or less sympathetic in trying to live her life.  I'm sure she still feels the loss though.You can't call it "bad writing" just because Loras isn't moping around, and if it makes him less sympathetic in your eyes why is that so bad? I personally thought Loras in the books was a real dick.  He seems like a nice enough guy on the show.  I have no like or dislike for either version of the character.  He isn't important.
1904	Ran	2013-05-02	I don't think it compares. The grief one feels with the loss of a lover strikes me as the sort of thing where sex and sexual intimacy would be rather too raw an experience to begin with. Especially, as with Loras, it seems quite likely that Renly was his only lover.The thing is, Loras has been shown on the show to wear his heart on his sleeve -- his temper, his feelings, always come through, much as they do in the novel. A light-hearted and care free Loras... well, that's the Loras who holds some pleasant small talk with Sansa. And then she mentions stuff connected to Renly, and the grief comes through. But I'd think even on the show his sexual relations should be rather obviously tinged with the loss.As it is, it's never mentioned, the death of Renly, even in one scene from the book where it could have well been noted, or in this new scene they invented. Ergo the writers don't think it worth mentioning or they have failed to think about the fact that they have not mentioned it. You can try  to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, but that dog just won't hunt (to mix metaphors).
1905	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-02	It's sad because Renly, while a sacrificial pawn in the bigger picture, was still a big player at one point, and essentially the "warm up boss" for Stannis. Loras's devotion to his memory keeps him alive a bit, and meshes well with Brienne's. It helps reinforce that Renly was an important character and that his removal from the storyline has lasting emotional ramifications for those closest to him.
Not quite the deal here.
1906	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	It's sad because Renly, while a sacrificial pawn in the bigger picture, was still a big player at one point, and essentially the "warm up boss" for Stannis. Loras's devotion to his memory keeps him alive a bit, and meshes well with Brienne's. It helps reinforce that Renly was an important character and that his removal from the storyline has lasting emotional ramifications for those closest to him.Not quite the deal here.Jaime mentions Renly twice in his monologue this episode so I don't think he's going forgotten. It really has nothing to do with Renly. Plus Loras' perspective would just reinforce the idea that Renly would have been a good king which is pretty false at least from what we've seen of him.It's just a grief and character depth thing.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 May 2013 - 07:50 PM.
1907	Khal Porno	2013-05-03	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: apc_store() [function.apc-store]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ips_kernel/classCacheApc.php on line 72Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162I don't think it compares. The grief one feels with the loss of a lover strikes me as the sort of thing where sex and sexual intimacy would be rather too raw an experience to begin with. Especially, as with Loras, it seems quite likely that Renly was his only lover.The thing is, Loras has been shown on the show to wear his heart on his sleeve -- his temper, his feelings, always come through, much as they do in the novel. A light-hearted and care free Loras... well, that's the Loras who holds some pleasant small talk with Sansa. And then she mentions stuff connected to Renly, and the grief comes through. But I'd think even on the show his sexual relations should be rather obviously tinged with the loss.As it is, it's never mentioned, the death of Renly, even in one scene from the book where it could have well been noted, or in this new scene they invented. Ergo the writers don't think it worth mentioning or they have failed to think about the fact that they have not mentioned it. You can try  to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, but that dog just won't hunt (to mix metaphors).Well no I'm NOT trying to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, because as I am saying it does not strike me as implausible at all that Loras could be intimate with someone a few months after their deaths and not mope about it or show outward signs of grief, knowing what I know about grieving and with what I've witnessed of others and experienced.If it doesn't ring true to you, particularly because you have something that you consider to be a superior depiction of the character, then fine.  But it's not "bad" just because you don't like it.
1908	ambi76	2013-05-03	I would be less upset about if I trusted them to fix it later in this season, but Cogmans interview doesn't hint at anything of that kind. He actually seems a bit puzzled/annoyed at the Loras questions like many other "Who the fuck cares about Loras Tyrell?"  folks to me. And goes from explaining ("oh uh, had no time for this") to joking ("Renly/Loras whatever, LOL!Finn Jones sex scene") at the end, when he realizes that his explaining doesn't quite cut it.The next three scenes (if you can call it even scenes what Finn Jones gets this season) of Loras will probably be Olenna chewing him out for being a babble-mouth, Cersei giving him a headscratcher, and maybe if we're very lucky he will dance with Sansa at her wedding and tell her Tyrion will be a better husband than him. Oh well, we'll see.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 03 May 2013 - 02:25 AM.
1909	Baratheon3508	2013-05-03	Jaime mentions Renly twice in his monologue this episode so I don't think he's going forgotten.This is what I find completely bizarre! The show seems to have made an effort to keep bringing up Renly. (We've had Jaime discussing her fancying him, his jokes about him being gay, him telling her to imagine the men trying to rape her are Renly, him jibing her in the bathtub for failing to protect him. We've had Cersei discuss him with Joffrey, we've had Olenna discuss him with Sansa, we've had an entirely show constructed conversation between Margaery and Joffrey about him.)I think all this is great- but it strikes me as very very odd that they then neglect to take the chance to show Loras' grief over his death when they've gone to the trouble of bringing Renly up rather often. Out of all these characters, even Brienne, Loras has the most cause to shown having a conversation about Renly, especially as they deleted that scene with him and Margaery out of season 2.This scene would have been perfect for it. It would have taken about seconds to show Loras looking troubled perhaps when Olyvar wasn't looking, or to throw in a sad line somewhere.I think this is shoddy writing
					
					
							Edited by Baratheon3508, 03 May 2013 - 07:31 AM.
1910	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-03	I think this is shoddy writingOr, I know this is hard to accept, writers not attaching the same importance to certain carachters as some readers do. In this case, Loras.
1911	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-03	I don't think it compares. The grief one feels with the loss of a lover strikes me as the sort of thing where sex and sexual intimacy would be rather too raw an experience to begin with. Especially, as with Loras, it seems quite likely that Renly was his only lover.The thing is, Loras has been shown on the show to wear his heart on his sleeve -- his temper, his feelings, always come through, much as they do in the novel. A light-hearted and care free Loras... well, that's the Loras who holds some pleasant small talk with Sansa. And then she mentions stuff connected to Renly, and the grief comes through. But I'd think even on the show his sexual relations should be rather obviously tinged with the loss.As it is, it's never mentioned, the death of Renly, even in one scene from the book where it could have well been noted, or in this new scene they invented. Ergo the writers don't think it worth mentioning or they have failed to think about the fact that they have not mentioned it. You can try  to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, but that dog just won't hunt (to mix metaphors).Don't forget that you are talking about your interpretation of Loras in the books. We really don't get a lot of information about the Renly and Loras relationship. It's in the background and very subtle. People base their opinion on that relationship on perhaps two or three comments by Loras. I think his comment about why he joined the Kingsguard is very nice. "When the sun has set, no candle can replace it." But what else is there to go by? We really don't know anything about that relationship in the first place, and the readers have added in a TON of romantic, lovely images of Loras and Renly that are not described in the text. It's all assumption.I like the image of Loras as a romantic guy, but he did also murder two of Renly's kingsguards in hot blood. He's certainly not the perfect, respectable paragon of virtue that he portrays himself to be. He did use a mare in heat to beat Gregor in the joust. His house is known to be Lannisters with pretty flowers. So much is left open to interpretation with the Tyrells that you just don't know. It's common assumption that Loras was desperately in love with Renly, but that's really just one interpretation. The writers clearly have a different one.The same thing happens with Stannis. I have a different interpretation of him from the books than the show. I didn't like his emotional appeals to Mel at all. Seems very out of character, especially to tell her that he's crazy about her. Very un-stannislike in my book. But this episode's Stannis dialogue redeemed him quite a bit. I take it as a different interpretation of Stannis. Not exactly what I wanted, but at least pretty reasonable.
1912	Ran	2013-05-03	But what else is there to go by?"It's said the Knight of Flowers went mad when he saw his king's body, and slew three of Renly's guards in his wrath, among them Emmon Cuy and Robar Royce."He doesn't remember, Sansa realized, startled. He is only being kind to me, he doesn't remember me or the rose or any of it. She had been so certain that it meant something, that it meant everything. A red rose, not a white. "It was after you unhorsed Ser Robar Royce," she said, desperately.He took his hand from her arm. "I slew Robar at Storm's End, my lady." It was not a boast; he sounded sad.Him, and another of King Renly's Rainbow Guard as well, yes. Sansa had heard the women talking of it round the well, but for a moment she'd forgotten. "That was when Lord Renly was killed, wasn't it? How terrible for your poor sister.""For Margaery?" His voice was tight. "To be sure. She was at Bitterbridge, though. She did not see.""You!"The last of the northmen had dismounted, Jaime saw, and now Loras Tyrell had seen Brienne."Ser Loras." She stood stupidly, holding her bridle.Loras Tyrell strode toward her. "Why?" he said. "You will tell me why. He treated you kindly, gave you a rainbow cloak. Why would you kill him?""I never did. I would have died for him.""You will." Ser Loras drew his longsword."And so it did." And some knights and lordlings too. "Well, you gave the singers something to make rhymes about, I suppose that's not to be despised. What did you do with Renly?""I buried him with mine own hands, in a place he showed me once when I was a squire at Storm's End. No one shall ever find him there to disturb his rest." He looked at Jaime defiantly. "I will defend King Tommen with all my strength, I swear it. I will give my life for his if need be. But I will never betray Renly, by word or deed. He was the king that should have been. He was the best of them."I think there's plenty there to show his devotion, and his continuing devotion. I might also add that GRRM has noted that Loras has a literary antecedent in his own work, the young, hot-tempered, skilled warrior Breton Braith, who ends up doing all he can to avenge the death of his (male) lover in the course of Dying of the Light. (Braith is also an antecedent to the Hound -- half his face has a nasty burn scar). Martin clearly views that Achilles-Patroclus type of relationship as being operative here, where the loss of one partner is a lasting tragic grief.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 May 2013 - 08:34 AM.
1913	flinn	2013-05-03	Not sure why so many seem to be worked up over Loras. He was one of the more minor characters in the book. We didn't see much of him really. He peacocked around some early and then got gravely injured.
1914	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-05-03	Yeah I never get why people take the candle line as so serious. The reason a scene like this would never have happened in the books, or with book Loras, is because Loras is in the Kingsguard!! And yeah, I get that he joins because he wants no other love than Renly, but in the show he couldn't do that (yet) for plotting reasons, so as such, some rebound sex is not the craziest thing in the world. At the very least, character assassination is WAY too strong a term for people to latch on to for this necessary scene in terms of plotting.
Cogman did a good job defending the choice in his interview.
1915	Ran	2013-05-03	It doesn't matter if you don't get it or not. It is. People may care for any number of reasons -- they like that character particularly, they appreciate the depiction of an unambiguously gay man, they appreciate his tragic romance, they think he's badass, whatever -- but in the end, they do. The fact is that the writers of the show have this work before them that they are adapting, and the quality of their adaptation turns on things like whether they make good use of characters or not. Their depiction of Loras is not a complete one, and yet they could have made it complete with a line or two. That they didn't is, again, either bad writing or deliberately diminishing the character.... some rebound sex is not the craziest thing in the world.No, but having no sign or hint that Renly was ever in his life is fairly crazy. If they intended it to be there -- as Cogman argues it's supposed to be there ("I feel like he<U+0080><U+0099>s in mourning, he<U+0080><U+0099>s depressed, and this encounter with Olyvar is him medicating his wounds, if you will. ") -- then it doesn't come across and it is, sadly, a fault in the writing and possibly the acting (or at least the direction given to the actor).Or, if they decided it was disposable, they decided that they could do without it and they're diminishing the character.I think Bryan's preferred view is that, yes, it would have been good if they could get that across and they missed the opportunity there.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 May 2013 - 09:20 AM.
1916	ambi76	2013-05-03	Funny how so many people turn up here to tell how much they don't care about Loras, but seem to care greatly that others do care about him. Classic case of "stop liking what I don't like" I guess.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 03 May 2013 - 09:41 AM.
1917	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	I think Bryan's preferred view is that, yes, it would have been good if they could get that across and they missed the opportunity there.Two of the most powerful lines that you quoted come directly from his appointment to the Kingsguard -- the "candle" line, and "he was the best of them/buried him with my own hands."  But his appointment to the Kingsguard has not yet happened, so the opportunity for him to express those feelings is still there.  I'd agree that his portrayal to date does not paint that same picture, but I don't think it is beyond repair.  Now, if they don't fix it at that point, then I think they've done a disservice.Loras is a minor character in whom I really never had much interest.  Frankly, the whole "Rainbow Guard", "Knight of Flowers", and Renly being both gay and the "weak iron" seem to play off some stereotypes.  But, I think what happened to Loras during the attack on Dragonstone, coupled with the bitterness/sadness he expressed when he joined the Kingsgaurd, may turn him into less of a flaming stereotype, and more of truly tragic, substantive character.  Of course, that all depends on whether George plans on taking him that way after Dragonstone.  But if so, I do think that more substantive Loras will be a weaker character if they don't fix this.I don't think it compares. The grief one feels with the loss of a lover strikes me as the sort of thing where sex and sexual intimacy would be rather too raw an experience to begin with. Especially, as with Loras, it seems quite likely that Renly was his only lover.That's something on which reasonable people can disagree, I think.  Cogman's sense as a human being as to what someone grieving over a lost lover may do is no less invalid than any of ours.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 03 May 2013 - 09:51 AM.
1918	BurningCandle	2013-05-03	You know, I think people are forgetting - they used this scene to deliver the information to Littlefinger and therefore the Lannisters about what the Tyrells were cooking up. In the books Ser Dontos is the one who gives the info to Littlefinger and thus to the Lannisters, but he is not present in this season, so somebody needed to do it because they hadn't fleshed out Ser Dontos as a character.
In that respect this is a perfect way for LF to receive the information in a non suspicious manner. Maybe they didn't think of Loras at all, they were only concerned about how to get from point A to point B on the "Sansa isn't escaping the Lannisters" storyline.
1919	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	I think Bryan's preferred view is that, yes, it would have been good if they could get that across and they missed the opportunity there.Two of the most powerful lines that you quoted come directly from his appointment to the Kingsguard -- the "candle" line, and "he was the best of them/buried him with my own hands." But his appointment to the Kingsguard has not yet happened, so the opportunity for him to express those feelings is still there. I'd agree that his portrayal to date does not paint that same picture, but I don't think it is beyond repair. Now, if they don't fix it at that point, then I think they've done a disservice.Loras is a minor character in whom I really never had much interest. Frankly, the whole "Rainbow Guard", "Knight of Flowers", and Renly being both gay and the "weak iron" seem to play off some stereotypes. But, I think what happened to Loras during the attack on Dragonstone, coupled with the bitterness/sadness he expressed when he joined the Kingsgaurd, may turn him into less of a flaming stereotype, and more of truly tragic, substantive character. Of course, that all depends on whether George plans on taking him that way after Dragonstone. But if so, I do think that more substantive Loras will be a weaker character if they don't fix this.I don't think it compares. The grief one feels with the loss of a lover strikes me as the sort of thing where sex and sexual intimacy would be rather too raw an experience to begin with. Especially, as with Loras, it seems quite likely that Renly was his only lover.That's something on which reasonable people can disagree, I think. Cogman's sense as a human being as to what someone grieving over a lost lover may do is no less invalid than any of ours.
1920	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	You know, I think people are forgetting - they used this scene to deliver the information to Littlefinger and therefore the Lannisters about what the Tyrells were cooking up. In the books Ser Dontos is the one who gives the info to Littlefinger and thus to the Lannisters, but he is not present in this season, so somebody needed to do it because they hadn't fleshed out Ser Dontos as a character.In that respect this is a perfect way for LF to receive the information in a non suspicious manner. Maybe they didn't think of Loras at all, they were only concerned about how to get from point A to point B on the "Sansa isn't escaping the Lannisters" storyline.But they could have done that differently.  They could have had Loras rejecting the advances of that guy, and perhaps angrily saying that he doesn't want Olyver, doesn't want Cersei, and the only person he wants is gone.  Or something like that.  The real point of contention, at bottom, is Cogman's belief that Loras' actions are a plausible way for someone in Loras' position to deal with grief, and I'm not sure there is an objectively correct answer to that.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 03 May 2013 - 01:03 PM.
1921	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-05-03	It's character assassination insofar as"once the sun has set, no candle can replace it."
1922	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-03	No candle is replacing the sun. He is not in a relationship with Olyvar.
1923	HopeForSpring	2013-05-03	I do think the writers are creating a plausible way for the information to have gotten to Littlefinger, but I agree I wish Loras seemed a little more sad... a little more fractured like he seems in the books. 
I do wish too we had seen Sansa get it that her rose was not a big deal to him. That was a pretty pivotal moment, I thought, for her character, too. 
They had the conversation, they didn't quite find the way to give it the emotional nuance it had in the book for either character.
I'm not so upset about him sleeping with someone else, I just wanted a little more pathos.
1924	teemo	2013-05-03	You know, I think people are forgetting - they used this scene to deliver the information to Littlefinger and therefore the Lannisters about what the Tyrells were cooking up. In the books Ser Dontos is the one who gives the info to Littlefinger and thus to the Lannisters, but he is not present in this season, so somebody needed to do it because they hadn't fleshed out Ser Dontos as a character.In that respect this is a perfect way for LF to receive the information in a non suspicious manner. Maybe they didn't think of Loras at all, they were only concerned about how to get from point A to point B on the "Sansa isn't escaping the Lannisters" storyline.That's kind of an odd way to write a script for a scene with Loras in it..
1925	Son of Gendry	2013-05-03	Classic Littlefinger manipulation. Nothing wrong with this scene.
					
					
							Edited by Son of Gendry, 03 May 2013 - 03:51 PM.
1926	ServantOnIce	2013-05-03	I think there's plenty there to show his devotion, and his continuing devotion. I might also add that GRRM has noted that Loras has a literary antecedent in his own work, the young, hot-tempered, skilled warrior Breton Braith, who ends up doing all he can to avenge the death of his (male) lover in the course of Dying of the Light. (Braith is also an antecedent to the Hound -- half his face has a nasty burn scar). Martin clearly views that Achilles-Patroclus type of relationship as being operative here, where the loss of one partner is a lasting tragic grief.I agree. As folks said, Loras Loved Renly it wasn't a crush, it wasn't a passing fancy, it was deep, meaningful love.  TV Loras as mentioned seemed to be ready to jump at the first hot squire that came his way. This is a good question to ask Forum members who have experienced loss of a romantic loved one, how long did it take for you to recover?I know one guy his wife died in her sleep and it took him a year before he dated again . .  the women at work were counting the clock because he was a good looking dude.
1927	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-03	But they could have done that differently.  They could have had Loras rejecting the advances of that guy, and perhaps angrily saying that he doesn't want Olyver, doesn't want Cersei, and the only person he wants is gone.  Or something like that.  The real point of contention, at bottom, is Cogman's belief that Loras' actions are a plausible way for someone in Loras' position to deal with grief, and I'm not sure there is an objectively correct answer to that. Better yet, in his fury he could have let slip that he doesn't want to marry Sansa. That way the plot could have been advanced without destroying his character.The scene was just lazy (and bad) writing.
1928	SerMudz	2013-05-03	I cant bring myself to care about how Loras is characterised.....in the books he was a boring character, a young Jaime but less badass and less interesting.
1929	Baratheon3508	2013-05-03	I cant bring myself to care about how Loras is characterised.....in the books he was a boring character, a young Jaime but less badass and less interesting.I really don't see the point of making comments like this. Evidently you're on a forum where people do care /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Why comment if you have no interest at all. I think the issue here is that there are so many relatively easy ways the writers could have included a version of this scene and made it more in line with Loras' character in the books without changing much at all.And to all the people criticizing the use of "character assassination" if you actually read the posts here, very very few people have actually been using that term /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's more like "character deviation that seems to be unnecessary" that is our issue I would say /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1930	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	I really don't see the point of making comments like this. Evidently you're on a forum where people do care /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Why comment if you have no interest at all.I think the issue here is that there are so many relatively easy ways the writers could have included a version of this scene and made it more in line with Loras' character in the books without changing much at all.It seems like Cogman did take measures to convey his grief but ultimately it was cut because of time constraint and plot convenience. I see his point to a degree in which we're sacrificing the character of someone generally minor for time spent elsewhere.
1931	The Bear	2013-05-03	Not sure why so many seem to be worked up over Loras. He was one of the more minor characters in the book. We didn't see much of him really. He peacocked around some early and then got gravely injured.Because they like the character, even if he IS minor, and don't want to see him changed? It's as valid as any complaint about Mel being different, or Robb, or any other character. I personally liked the Loras in the books and would prefer to see more of him in the show (written the way GRRM wrote him), but I understand how TV works and I'm not going to hold it against the producers because he IS a minor character and I accept that. His relevance to the plot and number of scenes have no bearing on how much I like the character.
1932	Clariana	2013-05-04	No candle is replacing the sun. He is not in a relationship with Olyvar.My view also.  It's just sex.  How long has passed since Renly died, anyway? Almost a year perhaps? Loras is young his hormones are still rioting, they didn't die with Renly. So one afternoon he has an encounter with an attractive squire, how does that mean he's betraying his dead lover?
1933	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	My view also.  It's just sex.  How long has passed since Renly died, anyway? Almost a year perhaps? Loras is young his hormones are still rioting, they didn't die with Renly. So one afternoon he has an encounter with an attractive squire, how does that mean he's betraying his dead lover?Moreover, an hypothetical "no candle can replace the sun" could still work in the show. "I tried to forget Renly as hard as I could. I even slept with this lad I had just met, and I enjoyed it. But after sleeping with him, all I could think of was Renly. Which is why I decided to join the Kingsguard: I understood that after the sun has set, no candle can replace it".I'm not saying the show will do that. I'm just saying the whole thing would be utterly beliavable. Hell, his sleeping with Olyvar could even make is line even stronger!
1934	Ran	2013-05-04	From the interviews, it's pretty clear that the scene was envisioned to show a more mournful Loras, but this was then cut because, "Hey, it's just a plot device anyways."  Half-assed characterization sucks.
Loras has never mentioned Renly, has never shown the slightest bit of grief. It's been maybe 4 months since his lover died. It seems to me his first sexual contact since then would hint at that grief. It didn't, and now we know why -- has nothing to do with his somehow secretly mourning, it's just that they cut that scene way down and dispensed with anything (even a direction to the actor to seem a bit more tentative) hinting at anything complicated like, you know, emotions.
This could have been so easily avoided. Have him in bed with the guy, and then he's the one who pulls away, who goes off to get wine, who seems nervous or unsure or vaguely sad, and it's our handsome young squire who comes up to him and drags him back to bed. Voila, without needing to change a single line, Loras is now characterized as someone in mourning attempting (and perhaps failing) to rebound.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 04 May 2013 - 06:37 AM.
1935	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	From the interviews, it's pretty clear that the scene was envisioned to show a more mournful Loras, but this was then cut because, "Hey, it's just a plot device anyways." /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Half-assed characterization sucks.Loras has never mentioned Renly, has never shown the slightest bit of grief. It's been maybe 4 months since his lover died. It seems to me his first sexual contact since then would hint at that grief. It didn't, and now we know why -- has nothing to do with his somehow secretly mourning, it's just that they cut that scene way down and dispensed with anything (even a direction to the actor to seem a bit more tentative) hinting at anything complicated like, you know, emotions.This could have been so easily avoided. Have him in bed with the guy, and then he's the one who pulls away, who goes off to get wine, who seems nervous or unsure or vaguely sad, and it's our handsome young squire who comes up to him and drags him back to bed. Voila, without needing to change a single line, Loras is now characterized as someone in mourning attempting (and perhaps failing) to rebound.Well, one can regret doing something AFTER doing it, not necessarily while doing it. One can even regret ENJOYING something! This could perfectly be Loras' case.
1936	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	Moreover, an hypothetical "no candle can replace the sun" could still work in the show. "I tried to forget Renly as hard as I could. I even slept with this lad I had just met, and I enjoyed it. But after sleeping with him, all I could think of was Renly. Which is why I decided to join the Kingsguard: I understood that after the sun has set, no candle can replace it".I'm not saying the show will do that. I'm just saying the whole thing would be utterly beliavable. Hell, his sleeping with Olyvar could even make is line even stronger!Point taken, this really could be a case of jumping the gun on Loras's devotion to Renly.
1937	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-04	I think some people are giving this scene way too much credit and are going out of their way to defend it for some reason...does it really make any sense that Loras would tell a complete stranger about his family's secret plans??"Loras is good at knocking men off horses with a stick, it does not make him a good judge of character."But it wasn't a clever mechanism, it was a lazy one.  Why would any person just willingly tell secret family plans to any squire they had never met before simply because they're fucking them?  Loras isn't the smartest person in the series, but he's not that dumb.   A clever mechanism would be replacing one of Olenna's waiters or eavesdropping through walls.  Showing Loras just spilling the beans to a pretty face because he's horny is lazy, as well as a complete destruction of the one truly good quality he had in the books.Did he spill the beans easily? No he did not, Loras told the squire that his betrothed doesn't even know he likes the company of men. Then it cuts to the squire and LF. The squire tells LF that "it took long enough" basically he didn't get the information on who his betrothed was easily.Loras likes reading books with pictures in them...But he's never mentioned Renly, shows no signs of regret or sadness, etc. It's bad characterization on the part of the writers, if they actually intended him to convey these things but didn't provide the character the opportunity. Alternatively, he's genuinely moved on from Renly and doesn't care any more, which makes him less sympathetic. Pick your poison.Do they not get any time except this exact episode to show Loras is still upset by Renly's death? I mean if the show was over you could say that but there's still five episodes this season, and ten episodes next season and maybe even seasons after that where they could show it.and as far as Loras needing to mention Renly I disagree, when I lost a close relative I couldn't bear to even think about them without breaking down and crying for a few months. I couldn't say their name to anyone and if anyone said those stupid words "I'm sorry for your loss" it just upset me.The show made Loras heir to Highgarden and with that came the inability for Loras to get the time to mourn Renly without being thrown into a marriage pact(or two). He doesn't get the luxury of dwelling on Renly's death.~~~~~~~~~~I went through all sixteen pages of this thread and didn't see anyone mention the fact that Loras is going to be married soon and after he's married he might be unable to be with men. At least it's going to be more difficult for him to have a relationship/sex with a man after he's married. This is a concern he's bringing up to Olyver.The fact that not much time has gone by is totally irrelevant to the fact that Loras doesn't have much time before he's going to be locked into a political marriage and unable to get away with picking up a random guy that finds him attractive. There's no way that Loras turns down this opportunity as he might never get it again.
1938	The Dragon & The Wolf	2013-08-22	If Loras' actions show that of him being stereotypical then it is of him simply being a man doesn't matter his orientation... he's still going to have a sexual appetite. As far as his grief & mourning for Renly the show hasn't explored that as explicitly as the books (ex. the scene where he goes berserk & kills the rainbow guard members) so I think that is something that can be easily disregarded to non-book readers. I do agree however the only mistake he made, which seemed very strange, was the reveal of his families intentions to a for the most part stranger- was character assassination if anything. Also I wonder how the writers will handle his confrontation w/ Brienne in season 4 because in season 2 after Renly's death Loras says to Margaery that he doesn't believe Brienne to be responsible and that Marg shouldn't either.
1939	Caesar Augustus	2013-04-29	Earlier on in Season 2 Theon beheads Rodrick Cassel in the rain . This marks the beginning of Theon's downfall.
In this scene Robb beheads Rickard Karstark also in the rain.
In both this scenes the same music is playing. I think this is forshadowing Robb's demise (RW) as it was almost identical to Theon's scene. The only difference is Robb didn't botch the beheading.
Rodrik Cassel death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KfAUgtGy9zU
Karstark death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=st_xd-azsjw
Exact same music.
Thoughts?
1940	AliKat	2013-05-01	The interview with the writer he said that they didn't want Robb's beheading to be as messy in the show as it was in the books (in the books Robb used an ax, it took multiple strikes, and he was covered in blood) because they already had a messy beheading with Theon. He also thought the good job Robb did with almost the same wording Ned used, reflected what he did learn from Ned Stark and the bad job Theon did showed what he didn't learn from Ned. (also Theon was really pushed into that by his second in command so he wasn't really 100% committed IMO and likely regretted it soon after) I also think they did that beheading to amp up the hatred and emotional impact since Rodrik was a beloved Stark character, the kids were watching, Bran was pleading for his life, and the people of Winterfell had to all watch.
Karstark wasn't really loved by any viewers since all he'd done was be angry about his sons. (they didn't show him before that)
Maybe that music is the 'beheading song' lol I do like that they showed Robb so visably upset afterwards and the clenching of his hand was comparable to the fact he had a shaky hand when deciding to call the banners in S1 and Theon said that showed he wasn't stupid.
1941	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	I brought this up in the foreshadowing thread. Some great foreshadowing is how Robb's scene mirrors Theon's beheading of Rodrik.In Theon's scene, his adviser telling him to ignore his instincts and saying "No, holding him captive is not good enough, he needs to die"In Robb's scene you have  his adviser telling him to ignore the way he was raised and saying "No, you can't kill him, it will end badly."In Theon's scene, he listens to his adviser and takes Rodrik's head, and it ends badly.In Robb's scene he does not listen to his adviser, takes Karstark's head, and it will end badly.It rained in both scenesIn both scenes, it was more about sending a message than the principle.In both scenes you have an old warrior guy who gives last words that they hope will haunt the man swinging the sword.Even the music is the same. So they draw the parallels to Theon's most damning decision in order to indicate how extremely screwed Robb is.I've just found out the music during Theon and Robb executions is called Pay the Iron Price. Yep, Robb will pay the iron price for this decision...Oi, I just noticed another parallel. Rodrik spits in Theon's face and gets hit for it, Karstark gets punched for calling Robb "boy"
1942	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-01	Robbs problem is that he is his fathers son! - Both Ned and Robb were so concerned about their honour and "doing the right thing". Sometimes in war you have to let things slide rather than punish as you would in peacetime.
1943	Frumpus	2013-05-01	I don't know if its foreshadowing or not. I guess it could be.
1944	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I thought rain is a pretty typical literary and artistic device that is used to foreshadow death or a great change. My daughter is watching Lost and every time it rains, I tell her "Watch out! Somebody's going to die." and they usually do.
When I watch Robb's scene though I was thinking very much about Ned's execution in the first episode. I didn't think of comparing it to Theon's until I read the writer's interview. The fact that it evoked Ned's actions, to me, moreso foreshadows Robb's fate than the relationship to Theon, who is still alive.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 02 May 2013 - 08:14 AM.
1945	KoishNoish	2013-05-01	Although I think rain is commonly used to display this kind of scene I do agree that in a sense there is foreshadowing. I mean the beheading by Theon was where things turned bad for him and that's exactly what's going on with Robb from now onwards. Pretty sure foreshadowing was put in but they didn't make it a certainty to be linked.
1946	Montey14	2013-05-01	Earlier on in Season 2 Theon beheads Rodrick Cassel in the rain . This marks the beginning of Theon's downfall.In this scene Robb beheads Rickard Karstark also in the rain.In both this scenes the same music is playing. I think this is forshadowing Robb's demise (RW) as it was almost identical to Theon's scene. The only difference is Robb didn't botch the beheading.Rodrik Cassel death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KfAUgtGy9zUKarstark death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=st_xd-azsjwExact same music.Thoughts?Robb's demise is forshadowed when he broke his commitment to Frey....he might be a very good tactician on the battle field(blackfish helps alot) but politcal and diplomatic tact are not a stark strong suit.....
1947	wolverine	2013-05-02	Robbs problem is that he is his fathers son! - Both Ned and Robb were so concerned about their honour and "doing the right thing". Sometimes in war you have to let things slide rather than punish as you would in peacetime.At some point you start to look weak if your bannermen can do whatever they want disobeying your explicit commands while questioning your leadership.
1948	Kienn	2013-05-02	Isn't that same music played like twice in every episode though?
1949	AdiTarg	2013-05-02	Where is the great jon?
I don't get why all the men that surrounded Robb in early seasons are gone. Maybe I'm too picky.
1950	Dove	2013-05-02	Yeah, he won't be in this season. :|
I understand how big of a pain it is to keep all the extra characters straight but I'm smarting a bit from a lot of Robb's allies being cut from the show. Especially Dacey Mormont nooo
Apparently they casted Manderly's son, though? He might make an appearance soon. That's at least one named bannerman this season besides Karstark and Roose.
1951	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-02	I thought the same music playing was lazy, if anything. That music was so totally linked to Theon in my mind during season 2 that I just found it distracting in this scene.
Thought it was rushed too.
1952	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-05-02	I thought the same music playing was lazy, if anything. That music was so totally linked to Theon in my mind during season 2 that I just found it distracting in this scene.Thought it was rushed too.Same here.I thought the comparisons with Theon were waaaaay too heavy-handed, and Theon's theme really felt forced there.
1953	AliKat	2013-05-02	I miss the Greatjon. And wish they had shown Dacey and Maege Mormont as well as Smalljon.
1954	Kasrith	2013-05-02	I really liked Olenna's "A royal wedding is safer don't you think? (paraphrase)" to Tyrion
1955	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	At some point you start to look weak if your bannermen can do whatever they want disobeying your explicit commands while questioning your leadership.True, but I still think Robb made a mistake.  Holding Karstark as a hostage to guarantee the loyalty of his men is the type of realpolitik his other bannermen would have understood, and not misunderstood as weakness.  But wasn't the real reason he did it -- in the book at least -- was because he didn't want the Lannisters to use it as an excuse to harm his sisters?  By taking Karstarks life, he did justice for the killing of the Lannister boys.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 02 May 2013 - 04:23 PM.
1956	TheDarkOne	2013-05-03	The music is all through the show, it's typically the "Heavy drama event" music. Just like they have the "Bad guy" ominous music for Stannis or anything spooky.
1957	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-04	I thought the same music playing was lazy, if anything. That music was so totally linked to Theon in my mind during season 2 that I just found it distracting in this scene.Thought it was rushed too.Yeah I was confused about this too. That theme is the one used for Theon, and is basically the darker version of the 'What is Dead May Never Die' theme that was used in the last season. So I was baffled to hear it reused. Either the composer was too lazy and just reused it because it was dramatic, or whatever music he had done wasn't seen as adequate so they plucked it from season 2.It was baffling for me though because I'm a soundtrack lover, in general, and hearing this (if I didn't already know what was going to happen) I'd have thought oh that's interesting, the Greyjoy theme was used. Does this mean something bad is going to happen to Robb concerning the Greyjoys because of this? But sadly, it isn't that.... It's just laziness. Even if there is meant to be a direct link between this scene and Theon's scenes, they didn't need to go as far as placing in the music. I'd have put something with The Rains of Castamere, but subtly. Then it's foreshadowing.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys of Dragonstone, 04 May 2013 - 08:44 AM.
1958	Broken Fox	2013-05-04	Yeah I was confused about this too. That theme is the one used for Theon, and is basically the darker version of the 'What is Dead May Never Die' theme that was used in the last season. So I was baffled to hear it reused. Either the composer was too lazy and just reused it because it was dramatic, or whatever music he had done wasn't seen as adequate so they plucked it from season 2.Or they just thought it worked for the scene.
1959	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-04	Perhaps, but it still comes down to laziness. I'm sure an equally sufficient piece could have been created for it.
1960	Peptalk	2013-05-05	To be honest, I don't think that many people even thought about it being Theon's theme. I didn't even make the connection myself until someone wrote about it here, and I've seen the first two seasons twice. I did however think, upon hearing it, that it was an awesome track for that scene.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 05 May 2013 - 05:29 AM.
1961	Gendels Children	2013-05-11	Earlier on in Season 2 Theon beheads Rodrick Cassel in the rain . This marks the beginning of Theon's downfall.In this scene Robb beheads Rickard Karstark also in the rain.In both this scenes the same music is playing. I think this is forshadowing Robb's demise (RW) as it was almost identical to Theon's scene. The only difference is Robb didn't botch the beheading.Rodrik Cassel death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KfAUgtGy9zUKarstark death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=st_xd-azsjwExact same music.Thoughts?lol Robb decapitates like a boss compared to theon
1962	Kevin VanNatter	2013-07-22	Earlier on in Season 2 Theon beheads Rodrick Cassel in the rain . This marks the beginning of Theon's downfall.In this scene Robb beheads Rickard Karstark also in the rain.In both this scenes the same music is playing. I think this is forshadowing Robb's demise (RW) as it was almost identical to Theon's scene. The only difference is Robb didn't botch the beheading.Rodrik Cassel death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KfAUgtGy9zUKarstark death: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=st_xd-azsjwExact same music.Thoughts?I'm pretty sure the connection is less about the music and more about the way Ned executed the deserter and Theon and Robb trying to emulate that.
1963	Kevin VanNatter	2013-07-22	lol Robb decapitates like a boss compared to theonIf only there were a way to 'like' a post.
1964	Syrio Foral	2013-04-29	I loved it. I thought Shireen singing it was more creepier.
1965	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	I like that they are including the songs in the show too. And yes, Shireen singing it was creepy, especially during the closing sequence. Somewhat ominous. And I also feel really bad for Shireen, whom her crazy mother keeps locked in that awful room.
1966	Lady Winter Rose	2013-05-01	Yes, I like it. It was creepy, but that's just spice to the show.
1967	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	I thought it was brilliant and I haven't been able to shake the tune from my head. Her haunting rendition of it was beautiful.
1968	Mulled Wino	2013-05-01	Loved it, better than I imagined it reading the books.
1969	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	It was really good, especially having a little girl sing it with a little girl's sweet angelic voice. It added to the moodiness of it. My hubby was like "Turn that off!" it creeped him out so bad.
1970	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Loved it, better than I imagined it reading the books.Yes, I heard the song in an audiobook and the song was sung in a comical way which suits Patchface. The version on the show is much better.
1971	Er Rn	2013-05-01	Loved it. Way creepier than i imagined. So far this kind of merging Shireen with Patchface seems like a good change.
1972	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-04	It sounded really sad and creepy at the same time. I always imagined it to be comical when sung by Patchface but overall a decent change from the books where it was borderline annoying.
1973	SerGregori	2013-05-04	I'm sad to not see Patchface, I always thought there was more to that character than we have seen so far. But I guess if he's not been included in the show then thats probably not the case. They may continue to have Shireen sing his songs (and in a way, fill his role) as a little bit of fan service but I can't see it being any more than that sadly.
1974	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	I never knew how to read the "oh, oh, oh" part without it sounding stupid in my head. I loved the way they did it in the show.
1975	Where Boars Glow	2013-05-06	Yes this has been one of the rewrites I have been pleased with.
1976	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	Was stuck in my head for a few days after I first heard it. Not sure if that's the sign of a good song or a bad one anymore, to be honest /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Was adorably creepy though. Fitting.
1977	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-08	I like that they are including the songs in the show too. And yes, Shireen singing it was creepy, especially during the closing sequence. Somewhat ominous. And I also feel really bad for Shireen, whom her crazy mother keeps locked in that awful room.It didn't stop her from going to see Davos... I agree Shireen is probably one of the more pitiable characters though.So far I've liked all the book song adaptations and yeah this was creepy, though there was definitely something about the maniacal way I imagined Patchface singing his dark omens like they were something grand about to happen, jumping from one foot from another and rattling the bells on his hat while he was doing so as well. I've always imagined him as something of a cartoon character more than a real life one anyway though...
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 May 2013 - 07:11 PM.
1978	ebevan91	2013-05-09	In the books I imagined it to be more upbeat.
1979	Gendels Children	2013-05-11	^ yeah me too. but it was still good very creepy I loved it
1980	Gendels Children	2013-05-11	It didn't stop her from going to see Davos... I agree Shireen is probably one of the more pitiable characters though.So far I've liked all the book song adaptations and yeah this was creepy, though there was definitely something about the maniacal way I imagined Patchface singing his dark omens like they were something grand about to happen, jumping from one foot from another and rattling the bells on his hat while he was doing so as well. I've always imagined him as something of a cartoon character more than a real life one anyway though... /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1981	A Stark in Salem	2013-05-17	I loved it. I thought Shireen singing it was more creepier.I really liked it too...but sad there is no Patchface. An overused character at times in the books, but a good one anyway.Speaking of which- VERY sad to have no Damphair! Or is he in the next book? I thought he showed up by now.
1982	Gendels Children	2013-05-25	oh man now this song is burnt into my head, I hope it will be in the soundtrack for this season, and the Bear and Maiden fair song too, both versions
1983	julyleo	2013-04-29	So what was up with those dead babies, that really threw me waaaaaay off. Also is patches going to be completely cut from the show especially since the end credits played one of his little songs. Also I think both actresses are AMAZING spot on casting. And I loved little Shireen she is just so innocent.
1984	Gendels Children	2013-05-25	you can find this discussion already here if your interestedhttp://asoiaf.wester...selyses-babies/
1985	scurvy	2013-04-29	Arya doesn't have any of the Mountain's men on her list.  I think that plays a big part in what goes down at the Crossroads Inn, but I guess if they are the Mountain's men that's solid enough.
Do you think they will get rid of that scene even though it's huge in Ayra's development just because it's a child killing?
1986	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	The list is back! It's done to keep her hatred of the Hound fresh in out minds, I'm guessing, and to make it less of a shock when she leaves him to die later on.
My pet theory on the scene at the Inn is that Arya will lose it because Hot Pie is killed in front of her, or she finds his corpse. They've shown her killing already - the stableboy at KL - so I don't think that'll stop them.
1987	scurvy	2013-04-29	She also didn't say Valar Morghulis at the end, unless I misremember.
1988	White Raven	2013-04-29	My pet theory on the scene at the Inn is that Arya will lose it because Hot Pie is killed in front of her, or she finds his corpse. They've shown her killing already - the stableboy at KL - so I don't think that'll stop them.Noooo, not Hot Pie!
1989	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	Noooo, not Hot Pie!I think they put that touching goodbye scene in for a reason...
1990	Mark Mullendore's Monkey	2013-04-29	The Tickler dying was probably my biggest disappointment of season 2, being denied the "Is there gold in the village?" dialogue at the inn which is one of my favourite chapters of the series. I think the scene will survive though, but it'll likely be more focused on Arya getting Needle back off of Polliver. Someone in another thread suggested there may be some replacement dialogue based on Polliver's murder of Lommy "Can you walk?" etc, I quite like that idea. Either that or she can scream her list in his face as she stabs the crap out of him.
1991	Underzaker	2013-04-29	I really hope they convey the fact that she leaves hound's name off her list in the end.
1992	Gendels Children	2013-05-25	I really hope they don't kick the scene or screw it up to bad... it was much a good moment
1993	Katydid	2013-04-28	This entire episode was one for the shippers!NCW and GC continue to amaze me, as do the showrunners with how RIGHT they're getting the relationship between Jaime and Brienne.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />I was wondering whether they would choose the bathhouse setting for Jaime's confession, and I'm so happy they did.  GRRM wrote that episode as a cleansing for Jaime, in more ways than one, and the show absolutely nailed it.They added a line of dialogue to his story that I actually loved: when he asked Brienne, if it had been her "precious Renly" who had asked her to burn women and children alive, would she have kept her oath.  That line really put it in perspective for her character, and the way GC played that moment was beautiful.
1994	Yago	2013-04-28	It was perfect.
1995	Newstar	2013-04-28	Amazing. The actors played it so beautifully. And the shot of Jaime fainting in Brienne's arms at the end! So gorgeous.
1996	jons nissa	2013-04-28	yes, great scene. i like how their relationship is being portrayed in general. also, did anyone notice next week's trailer? jamie and brienne are at a table and roose says something that is upsetting i guess. brienne starts to reach for her knife and jaime stills her hand.
wondering what that's about?
1997	Montey14	2013-04-28	Yes absolutely nailed....that was the scene in the book that established a new bond between them ....especially after he faints and wants to be called Jaime after she calls him kingslayer.....very well done and very true to the original story
1998	morky	2013-04-28	Absolutely amazing. Been waiting for that scene for a very long time and it was everything I had hoped for and more. Gave me chills.
1999	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	That scene where Jaime seems ready to break down when he talks about Ned judging him was a high point of an amazing scene.
2000	King Kev.	2013-04-28	That scene gave me chills. Impeccable acting. Perfectly brought to life from the books to the screen.
2001	MsLibby	2013-04-28	I know Dinkledge is the only actor who's getting any recognition for this series (not fair at all), but NCW is running circles around everyone this year (except maybe Dance).
2002	Nezzer	2013-04-28	Someone give Nikolaj an Emmy, please. That scene was brilliant!
2003	Katydid	2013-04-28	I know Dinkledge is the only actor who's getting any recognition for this series (not fair at all), but NCW is running circles around everyone this year (except maybe Dance).Considering how absent NCW was last season, I'm THRILLED that they've given him such juicy material this year.  And he's nailing every second of it.
2004	Montey14	2013-04-28	If i remember the scene correctly from the books....Jaime was getting kind of light headed from the heat of the baths and the pain medication the more he spoke the more he was begining to kind of fade....the culmination coming when he mentioned Stark....and wanted to be called Jaime
2005	Katydid	2013-04-28	If i remember the scene correctly from the books....Jaime was getting kind of light headed from the heat of the baths and the pain medication the more he spoke the more he was begining to kind of fade....the culmination coming when he mentioned Stark....and wanted to be called JaimeYou remember correctly.  He muses on the loss of his hand and wonders "who am I now?"  When Brienne starts yelling for the guards ("the Kingslayer!") he thinks to himself "my name is Jaime."  Having him say it aloud added so much to that moment in the scene.
2006	towerofjoy	2013-04-28	yes, great scene. i like how their relationship is being portrayed in general. also, did anyone notice next week's trailer? jamie and brienne are at a table and roose says something that is upsetting i guess. brienne starts to reach for her knife and jaime stills her hand.wondering what that's about?Am guessing that this is where Roose sends Jaime to Kings Landing to his father but demands no exchange for Starks. Will mirror the books I'm sure.Oh Robb...
2007	MoAt	2013-04-28	I know Dinkledge is the only actor who's getting any recognition for this series (not fair at all), but NCW is running circles around everyone this year (except maybe Dance). /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This.NCW needs an Emmy.The entire cast need to be nominated.Dear old gods, and new, please allow me onto the SAG TV nominating committee for this season. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2008	DanyStark	2013-04-28	Jaime broke my heart! Loved the Davos/Shireen scene.
2009	Mark Antony	2013-04-28	Such an amazing scene, NCW killed it.
2010	cybobbie	2013-04-28	The scene was superb, they both were so brilliant in it that I'm going to sleep very late this Sunday to rewatch the episode on HBO HD only to see it again. I agree with everyone that posted that Nikolaj Coster-Waldau deserves an emmy!
2011	Lord Godric	2013-04-28	I agree that this scene was brilliant.  Nicolaj has been doing a magnificent job this season with Jaime's transformation, and he really does deserve recognition.
2012	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-28	Loved this scene.  So many great character interaction scenes in this episode.
2013	anastasiak	2013-04-28	Dear old gods, and new, please allow me onto the SAG TV nominating committee for this season. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />^^ Hahaha very well put! The actors are doing an insanely good job this year, I'm loving it. As are the writers. Jamie & Brienne's scenes have been written beautifully and acted out just as well, there's just enough comedy to show that they're really bonding, but it doesn't over do it. I'm almost done reading SoS and they're one of my favourite relationships (I really hope he gets over Cersei ASAP haha).
2014	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-28	I agree, that was brilliant acting on both their parts. They really own their characters. Please, someone send that scene in to the Emmy noms, because NCW deserves one. One of my favorite scenes in the books and it was perfectly done.
2015	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	I can only add my praise--beautifully done, NCW, just beautiful.  (As you are, BTW...)
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 28 April 2013 - 10:28 PM.
2016	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-28	I'm so glad they had him talk about Ned not caring what his reason was. I think a lot of show-only viewers think Ned's sense of honor makes him the best character but people like that have a tendency towards being extremely judgmental. And I agree that having him say his name is Jaime out loud added to the scene. It relates back to his conversation with Tywin in the first season when he said "I don't care what other people think of me" and Tywin said "That's what you want them to think." Good rewatch value for show-only folks. Plus that scene where he told Robert that Aerys had been saying for hours "Burn them all" when they traded war stories. Plus it flavors his question to Ned of if he would hate him less if he'd stabbed the mad king in the belly instead of the back. Basically they nailed it and this will make people look at Jaime's past douchebaggery in a different light. Especially with the way Tywin said "My children" with such contempt at the end of the episode.
2017	Head of The Ned	2013-04-28	Awesome scene. I would go as far as to say it was perfect.
2018	Justin Danford	2013-04-28	Nikolaj nailed it. He has done an excellent job portraying Jamie thus far. Perfect scene and now among my favorites in all the series.
2019	Winterfellian	2013-04-29	Am a purist and a nitpicker (can't help it; I've tried) and I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this scene. Being a big Jaime fan I had high hopes for this scene and NCW and GC delivered. It was superb!
If they passed NCW for Peter Dinklage in the Emmys next year am going to be so pissed!
2020	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	NCW knocked it out of the park.
2021	ohpooratlas	2013-04-29	I saw seasons 1 and 2 before I read all of the books and I always Jaime based on the subtle looks Nicolaj is able to give off.  The acting without speaking, so to, er ... speak.  And that line "There are no men like me, only me ..."I've been looking forward to this episode so much ever since reading Jaime's confession in the book.  I started to choke up.  He is such a wonderfully three dimensional character.  He will always be the man that pushed Bran Stark out of the window, and it's hard to reconcile that after hearing the story of why he stabbed the Mad King.  So many layers to Jaime Lannister.And Nicolaj does an excellent job with him.
2022	bluemoon	2013-04-29	Just pure perfection, well done NCW.
2023	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-29	holy shit so many feels right now. i teared up on that. I honestly forgot how most of it plays out in the books but i do remember sympathizing for him. 
It was a great scene. For some reason i thought he was going to make a joke after she stood up to his insult. They then go into talking about trust and he reveals his story. AND HIS NAME IS JAIME!!
2024	JMJ	2013-04-29	I am just SO curious how non-book readers are taking Jaime! My wife mentioned tonight, hey, wasn't he the guy who pushed Bran out the window and was screwing his sister? NOW I see why you like him!
2025	Red Raven	2013-04-29	It was brilliant.  He used the whispering and raspiness in his exhausted voice to great effect; I felt myself leaning in closer and closer to the television to make sure I was paying attention to every word.  NCW indeed nailed it.
					
					
							Edited by Red Raven, 29 April 2013 - 01:47 AM.
2026	Pellaeon	2013-04-29	This was rally good, I am glad they have done it that way
2027	Belisarius09	2013-04-29	NCW is doing amazing work.
2028	Joey Beers	2013-04-29	The show is doing a great job of developing the bond that Jamie and Brienne have underneath it all, and Jamie's arc is finally tilting towards sympathy at the least and redemption at best. But seriously, butt, seriously? I can't be the only one thinking this right? I mean, mostly no one is opposed to a subtle shot of the backside of an attractive female or male, but the Maid of Tarth's rear guard was exposed way too long to remain protected. Ha, sorry for that last bit, couldn't refrain.
					
					
							Edited by Joey Beers, 29 April 2013 - 03:38 AM.
2029	Peptalk	2013-04-29	WOW! This was an epic moment for me. I was worried that his confession to Brienne would come out as lesser than in the books (remember, that scene spans over several pages) because they couldn't bring it in exactly as it was, but I see now that I had nothing to fear. It was perfectly played by both of them.
I wonder if we will get to see his dream played out? I hope so, because it is important in many ways, but I expect it will be cut. Anyway, this might be my all-time favourite scene.
2030	NickyM	2013-04-29	I am just SO curious how non-book readers are taking Jaime! My wife mentioned tonight, hey, wasn't he the guy who pushed Bran out the window and was screwing his sister? NOW I see why you like him!Sometimes I just want to watch that scene over and over again so I won't be such a fan girl.  The slobberying/drooling fan girl is still winning out. I need more Brienne scene though that show her feeling for Jaime so I can stop interpreting them as my own.  I loved when it was talk of Renly's death that had her forget her own modesty and ready to snap his neck.  Her towering over him was warning enough that she would drown him if he continued his line of torture. I also would like to get more into Jaime's head to see how he's feeling and thinking.  I've heard it said that there won't be a romance because he thinks of here as a sister, but he LOVES his sister in the most carnal of senses so I don't see that being an issue.Honestly, I think he's in awe of her at the moment, with her desire to remain honorable, almost like his own Unicorn (yes, supernatural reference).  I think if anything is really going to keep them from a relationship down the way way road, it will be his self loathing and feeling unworthiness.  Because Ned Stark isn't the only person that believes he killed the king for whatever reason.  His family, any of the other houses, even the Regent Queen, could have backed up his story after an investigation.  He chose to have no one defend him from what I gathered.
2031	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	"my name is Jaime" -that tied up a really strong scene pretty much perfectly.  The only thing I didn't like was the reason he gave when Brienne asked him why the truth wasn't known - I would have preferred to hear the "keep the kings secrets" but that's minor.
2032	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Hands down, the best scene of the season so far, and probably in my top 10 already. It was even better than Dracarys last episode. The writing, the music, the acting, wow. This definitely makes up for Jaime killing Alton last season.
2033	Jazzman	2013-04-29	Havent watched it yet but after reading the cooments i'm really looking forward to it. It seems to be AMAZE!
2034	Conchobar	2013-04-29	It is funny, I had heard so much good about this scene before watching the episode, but I had no idea it would be like that, I was covered in goosebumps for the whole thing.
2035	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Another thing I would like to say, I loved the juxtaposition between this scene and the Barristan Jorah scene, where Selmy talks of never breaking his oath, no matter what.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 29 April 2013 - 04:28 AM.
2036	Dove	2013-04-29	NCW + GC have great chemistry, and they really couldn't have done the bath scene any better. He really knocked it out of the park with his monologue about Aerys.
You have to wonder if they'll be inventing much content for Brienne and Jaime, with this scene happening now and the climax of their story probably happening in E7. It feels a little rushed, and I'm hoping they don't sit out too long because any and all scenes featuring them are a treat.
2037	Taemlyn Blackfyre	2013-04-29	Fast paced episode. Edmund and the Blackfish getting a little screen-time and the Hound's character arc is impressing my non-book mates, but Jaime's scenes stole the show. Brienne's arse! Wasn't imagining that from the book!! 
Barristan showing his colours early was a shock, but it seems to be working out well with his rivalry with Jorah. Grey Worm as a puny teenager? Seems like they are casting shorties for the Unsullied and only putting tall people in Tyrion's scenes.
Laugh of the night was when Cersei is told she has to marry Loras Tyrell /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2038	Bannerman918	2013-04-29	One of my favorite scenes ever.  This is what I've been waiting for my non-reader friends to see.  That Jamie is judged by everybody in the world for something they know nothing about, other than him breaking his vow.
2039	SerMudz	2013-04-29	This is probably the best scene so far in the show, period. NCW just blew it out of the water, absoloutely phenomenal performance. The music, the acting, everything was even more amazing than I imagined when I read it in the books.
The way he delivered the line "by what right does the wolf judge the lion?" Was just.....wow.
2040	MsLibby	2013-04-29	I love that the show gives the actors time to play a scene like that. Over 6 minutes long! That's nearly unheard of.
They were both brilliant in it as well. She had to rely on her body and face to express what she felt while he had to layit all out. Just brilliant. I particularly loved how he got weaker and weaker as it went on. TV Jaime is much more ravaged by the "corruption" than in the book, but I like it. Fits better for a man who wasn't at his physical best to begin with.
Bolton's playing of Jaime about his sister was sad. I'm not a fan of that relationship (It's hard to imagine being one) but you can't discount the depth of his feelings for her at this point of the books. They brought that out.
2041	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I think this was my favorite scene of the episode in a really great episode. It was pure perfection. NCW is just absolutely killin' it this season and I love the development of his relationship with Brienne. I have always been middle of the road in my feelings toward Jaime in the books and now NCW is making me actually love him and cheer for him. 
He delivered the story about the Mad King just absolutely perfectly. It is interesting to watch how he transformed Jaime over the course of these 3 seasons.  I keep picturing in my mind the time we saw him step off his horse at Winterfell all golden and beautiful in contrast to that man that was sitting in the tub. Incredible! I agree with whoever said he should be nominated this year. Absolutely!
On a side note: Gwendolyn Christie is so gorgeous that once they put her in the tub they totally couldn't sell that unattractive Brienne story. Also, she is really stepping up this season and you can see her growth as an actress as she hold her own with NCW in every scene.
Right now, this storyline which I only found slightly interesting in the books, is by far my favorite storyline of the season.
2042	Katydid	2013-04-29	I am just SO curious how non-book readers are taking Jaime! My wife mentioned tonight, hey, wasn't he the guy who pushed Bran out the window and was screwing his sister? NOW I see why you like him! I'm loving these kinds of reactions from non-book readers.  And it seems to be pretty universal.
2043	StarkDragon	2013-04-29	Eh, I have a confession. 
Read Book Jaime, didn't sympathize with him.
Watched Show Jaime, loved him. I know because I felt bad about the maiming.
He sold me with the 'we can't choose who we love'. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
2044	i-sawr-the-ghost-of-harren	2013-04-29	I watch the show with my non-reader sister who has quite the short attention span when it comes to scenes with long quiet conversations (more so when Renly died), it is actually quite frustrating for me (I always think, "dude watch every bit of it, there's so much meat in this scene, what are you doing, looking at something other than the tv right now??"). So it is saying something when she actually paid attention to Jaime's monologue this time! Thank the Gods!
2045	Tourniquet	2013-04-29	They have absolutely been the highlight of the season. Although the scene was hard to hear, as a book reader I know what was said but my g/f had trouble.
2046	Sun and Moon	2013-04-29	I've always been fond of Jaime. In fact, one of my biggest worries, in regard to the series, was that no actor could do justice to the picture I'd painted of him in my head. This was just one of many key scenes for me, that needed to be done, just so, and I am in no way disappointed.
Both NCW and GC did wonderful work on this. I particularly loved Gwendoline's body language, at the start of the scene. She's shy, awkward and vulnerable, when stripped of her armour. (Right up until she feels she's being slighted.) For not having much in the way of dialogue, her facial expressions are priceless. Nicolaj was great too. I felt a parallel was being drawn between this, and the scene with Qyburn. In telling his side of the story, it felt like Jaime was starting to purge his corrupted sense of self.
A lovely addition to both their arcs, in my opinion.
2047	Yana	2013-04-29	On a side note: Gwendolyn Christie is so gorgeous that once they put her in the tub they totally couldn't sell that unattractive Brienne story. Also, she is really stepping up this season and you can see her growth as an actress as she hold her own with NCW in every scene.I've been thinking the same thing. In my opinion, she is the hottest female character on the show. She looked gorgeous in that scene. I love her as Brienne, but it doesn't feel quite right.Anyway, great episode and fantastic scene. Nicolaj is one of the best casting choices they've made. Can't picture anyone else as Jaime anymore.
2048	Harrad	2013-04-29	By what right does the wolf judge the lion? Ask Bran that question.
2049	Jerol	2013-04-29	This scene (and the Lannisters at the table) were just fantastic.
My congratulations to Ms. Christie's and NCW's personal training regimen.
					
					
							Edited by Dagger, 29 April 2013 - 11:34 AM.
2050	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-29	Loved this scene so much. I was even mad at Ned (which has never happened before) for his judgement of Jamie without knowing the truth. Sign of a marvelously well acted scene in that it made me angry at St. Ned. If anyone had every told me I would love Jamie after reading about/watching him push Bran out a window I would have been incredulous, but really Jamie is one of the best characters.
2051	Ghosteline	2013-04-29	Really nice job! And I loved how bathing and cleaning himself from dirt was metaphorically linked with his confession. Jamie reborn.
And this scene shows so nicely to the non-book readers how everyone is not utterly bad nor good.
2052	King Tyrion I	2013-04-29	Great scene. Really.
2053	JJB	2013-04-29	I must admit. I was surprised to see the scene done like in the book. Very well done. And the actors were perfect.
2054	Sun	2013-04-29	Jaime and Brienne have been perfect all season, and never more perfect that in this episode. I love those two and I demand they get their own spin-off series. 
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau has always been good, but he's been an absolute revelation this season. They gave the man room to perform and he certainly made use of it to flex his acting muscles beautifully. He's been so impressive. So impressive.
2055	JoramunsKazoo	2013-04-29	Team Jaime.
Having read the books, I slowly moved to his side over the course of his confession and the latter scene (hopefully in next season):
	Spoiler when he reflects on his entry into the "White Book" and how his page is yet finished

Unsullied friends that are watching the show with me have always been like, "Whaaaat?! You like that creep?"  Last night, I finally converted some.
2056	Harrad	2013-04-29	Haha. The standards have dipped pretty low when Jaime is now the fair-haired boy of Westeros. He performed virtuoso incest with his sister to cuckold his (second) King and install his illegitimate children on the throne, pushed Bran to his hoped-for death to cover that up, in effect started the war in Westeros, murdered his own cousin to escape, and now because he is feeling sorry for himself having gotten a fraction of the just desserts, the audience joins with him in warm and fuzzy feelings. Its like when Mussolini was about to be put on the meat hooks, he said "Scusi" and his soul went to heaven.
2057	NickyM	2013-04-29	One of the things that really pulled me into the bath scene was trying to get in the head of Brienne.  I didn't see her as shy so much as modest and then pissed.  When Jamie first comes in, she flares a bit of confusion at Jaime showing up, but she continues scrubbing.   I'm sure its also a distraction from Jaime removing his close but also a bit of Lalalalala I'm ignoring you.  Then when Jaime walks past one tub to actually get to hers, she freaks. 
The logic in the fact that Jaime could pass out and that was why he chose to bathe with her.   It kinda of screams at me that there are two choices either have the boy stay in case he passes out or have Brienne help him.  I believe he sent the boy away because Brienne was bathing and he 'the knight' in him wouldn't dream of some boy gawk at Brienne. 
Meanwhile Brienne is hiding herself in the corner.  I believe Jaime then purposely needles her so she would just relex but ends up pissing her off so much that she rises out of the tub prepared to throttle him.  I loved the wordlessness of her warning, just the sheer shaking rage her body portrays.  Part of me has got to know if it was her love for Renly that set her off or that the fact that she's failed miserably at what she's been tasked to do -twice-.  First Renly and now Jaime, I'm wondering how her confidence in being a knight is waning at the moment.  Hence her assumtions that he's mocking her when he's apologizing. 
All and all I don't think that Briene is shy so much as modest, and I don't really see her as akward as much as uncertian of these turn of events.
2058	JMJ	2013-04-29	They apparently skipped the part in the book about Jaime's boner.
2059	JMJ	2013-04-29	Haha. The standards have dipped pretty low when Jaime is now the fair-haired boy of Westeros. He performed virtuoso incest with his sister to cuckold his (second) King and install his illegitimate children on the throne, pushed Bran to his hoped-for death to cover that up, in effect started the war in Westeros, murdered his own cousin to escape, and now because he is feeling sorry for himself having gotten a fraction of the just desserts, the audience joins with him in warm and fuzzy feelings. Its like when Mussolini was about to be put on the meat hooks, he said "Scusi" and his soul went to heaven.DId you read the books? If not, I would suggest keeping your mind open. Besides, I don't think everyone is talking about Jaime as a redeemed hero (quite yet). Like pretty much every character in ASOIAF, he has both good and evil in him.
2060	MsLibby	2013-04-29	Don't get dragged into that Jaime vs. the world debate. It is not worth your time.
2061	Peptalk	2013-04-29	One of the things that really pulled me into the bath scene was trying to get in the head of Brienne.  I didn't see her as shy so much as modest and then pissed.  When Jamie first comes in, she flares a bit of confusion at Jaime showing up, but she continues scrubbing.   I'm sure its also a distraction from Jaime removing his close but also a bit of Lalalalala I'm ignoring you.  Then when Jaime walks past one tub to actually get to hers, she freaks.The logic in the fact that Jaime could pass out and that was why he chose to bathe with her.   It kinda of screams at me that there are two choices either have the boy stay in case he passes out or have Brienne help him.  I believe he sent the boy away because Brienne was bathing and he 'the knight' in him wouldn't dream of some boy gawk at Brienne.Meanwhile Brienne is hiding herself in the corner.  I believe Jaime then purposely needles her so she would just relex but ends up pissing her off so much that she rises out of the tub prepared to throttle him.  I loved the wordlessness of her warning, just the sheer shaking rage her body portrays.  Part of me has got to know if it was her love for Renly that set her off or that the fact that she's failed miserably at what she's been tasked to do -twice-.  First Renly and now Jaime, I'm wondering how her confidence in being a knight is waning at the moment.  Hence her assumtions that he's mocking her when he's apologizing.All and all I don't think that Briene is shy so much as modest, and I don't really see her as akward as much as uncertian of these turn of events.Did you read the books? If not they are doing a very good job with the non-reader viewers.
2062	Peptalk	2013-04-29	Don't get dragged into that Jaime vs. the world debate. It is not worth your time.I can't help it, tbh.
2063	Sun	2013-04-29	They apparently skipped the part in the book about Jaime's boner.Oh, I think the look on NCW's face when she stood up, and the way he swallowed when he checked her out was about as close to a boner as the show can get without hiring a porn actor. His face said much and more. Haha. The standards have dipped pretty low when Jaime is now the fair-haired boy of Westeros. He performed virtuoso incest with his sister to cuckold his (second) King and install his illegitimate children on the throne, pushed Bran to his hoped-for death to cover that up, in effect started the war in Westeros, murdered his own cousin to escape, and now because he is feeling sorry for himself having gotten a fraction of the just desserts, the audience joins with him in warm and fuzzy feelings. Its like when Mussolini was about to be put on the meat hooks, he said "Scusi" and his soul went to heaven.Jaime is awesome! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2064	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Oh, I think the look on NCW's face when she stood up, and the way he swallowed when he checked her out was about as close to a boner as the show can get without hiring a porn actor. His face said much and more.Stole the words right out of my mouth. It was subtle because Jaime has literally never desired any woman but his sister. Obviously he's not going to be like WHOA THERE BIG GUY SETTLE DOWN lol.Haha. The standards have dipped pretty low when Jaime is now the fair-haired boy of Westeros. He performed virtuoso incest with his sister to cuckold his (second) King and install his illegitimate children on the throne, pushed Bran to his hoped-for death to cover that up, in effect started the war in Westeros, murdered his own cousin to escape, and now because he is feeling sorry for himself having gotten a fraction of the just desserts, the audience joins with him in warm and fuzzy feelings. Its like when Mussolini was about to be put on the meat hooks, he said "Scusi" and his soul went to heaven.Lol I'm going to assume you did not read the books.  I'll be kind if you haven't and put this in spoiler censored-ness, but Jaime didn't start the war. Littlefinger did. He pit the Lannisters and Starks against each other by suggesting that Tyrion sent the assassin and getting Catelyn's sister to lie about how Jon Arryn died (she poisoned him). Jaime and Cersei didn't send the assassin after Bran, Joffrey did. Really, Jaime's part in the actual war has been pretty small. The incest and the Bran pushing were his disgusting acts. [Highlight to see]. And it's not about him feeling sorry for himself, its his later decisions to make things better and not be such an asshole and ditching his sister (minus fucking over Joffrey's corpse). It's about understanding where he's coming from and why he comes off as such a nihilist prick. Remember his conversation with Catelyn about how people make all kinds of vows? Yeah this is basically the source of that cynical outlook. Conflicting oaths to his family and to his king and what he had to do and how people hate him for it.  Word for word: "So many vows. They make you swear and swear: defend the king, obey the king, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the king? What if the king massacres the innocent? It's too much." That was not an arbitrary choice of words.TL;DR, Jaime has more redemptive stuff coming up. Even so, as of now, it's not "warm and fuzzy feelings," it's that you start realizing that maybe there's more to this person we had previously condemned. A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad act the good.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 29 April 2013 - 12:52 PM.
2065	giant snake	2013-04-29	Unsullied friends that are watching the show with me have always been like, "Whaaaat?! You like that creep?"  Last night, I finally converted some.haha High five.  I told people that he was my favorite character and that I didn't have a favorite house/region back when season one came out.  I didn't say why, but they were all like "You're crazy!"
2066	Garlan Marius	2013-04-29	That bath scene was Emmy-quality.  I will be SHOCKED if NCW goes empty-handed after this season's performance.
2067	HouseHarrison	2013-04-29	One of my favorite scenes in the show. Just perfectly done.
2068	JMJ	2013-04-29	Oh, I think the look on NCW's face when she stood up, and the way he swallowed when he checked her out was about as close to a boner as the show can get without hiring a porn actor. His face said much and more.I'll have to rewatch the scene. Didn't pick up on that the first time around. I think I was distracted by Gwen Christie's backside...
2069	JoramunsKazoo	2013-04-29	TL;DR, Jaime has more redemptive stuff coming up. Even so, as of now, it's not "warm and fuzzy feelings," it's that you start realizing that maybe there's more to this person we had previously condemned. A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad act the good. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2070	NickyM	2013-04-29	Did you read the books? If not they are doing a very good job with the non-reader viewers.No I haven't read the books so much as wiki'd myself to death. Someone commented on a podcast that by seeing Jaime through Brienne's eyes, someone whose constantly living with trash talkers and people that hate her just for being who she is, opens Jaime's character up to sympathy.  I have to agree.  When Briene feels bad or guilty or even I had to say pity but compassion, I feel it too, and the person recieving all of that is Jaime.  Does Jaime deserve Brienne championing him?  Wouldn't be the point of who Brienne is, because I feel she would want to defend anyone no matter who they are of being harrassed, tortured and maimed.
2071	Relic	2013-04-29	The bath scene is my favorite thing this show has done so far. Pretty much nailed it.
2072	LeananKite	2013-04-29	Why is Brienne in this scene not shown from the front side! Because she is not so perfect as all the other women we have seen naked?
Until now the show never hestiated to show dirt and filth and not so pretty persons, why now?
2073	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Why is Brienne in this scene not shown from the front side! Because she is not so perfect as all the other women we have seen naked?Until now the show never hestiated to show dirt and filth and not so pretty persons, why now?They probably want to maintain the illusion that she's unattractive and masculine. That's harder if you know what she actually looks like. Plus I think they wanted to show Jaime's face. The scene is, after all, primarily about him.
2074	Khal Vader	2013-04-29	This scene couldn't have been done any better. NCW's work has been masterful. Even the look on his face when Lord Bolton was telling him about the battle of Blackwater. I'll add my voice to the many others that say he is deserving of an Emmy.
2075	Shaula Black	2013-04-29	I think they should have show Brienne's body at all. But besides that, I agree with everybody, the scene was perfect!!
2076	LeananKite	2013-04-29	Plus I think they wanted to show Jaime's face. The scene is, after all, primarily about him.I agree, its his scene. But when she stands up because he insulted her, this is about her.In the first place she was a bit shye about Jaime joining her in the bathtube. But after his insult she did'nt care any more.And he looked at her and recognised her as a woman for the first time.We should have seen her as he did.Besides this: Best scene ever.
					
					
							Edited by LeananKite, 29 April 2013 - 01:55 PM.
2077	Katydid	2013-04-29	Why is Brienne in this scene not shown from the front side! Because she is not so perfect as all the other women we have seen naked?Until now the show never hestiated to show dirt and filth and not so pretty persons, why now?Considering HBO and the show's history, I was rather pleasantly surprised that there was no frontal nudity - especially considering the setting and the context of the scene.  In the book, they both get an eyeful of each other naked, and IMO, it's an important element of the scene (Jaime's literal and metaphorical cleansing, finally imparting the truth about Aerys to another living soul, couldn't have been set in a more perfect environment.  GRRM knew what he was doing.)  But flaunting them less tastefully on-screen would have been distracting, unnecessary, and I think would have taken away from the powerful emotion of the scene.  I'm glad they went the more subtle route with this one.  Bravo.
2078	StarkSister	2013-04-29	Why is Brienne in this scene not shown from the front side! Because she is not so perfect as all the other women we have seen naked?Until now the show never hestiated to show dirt and filth and not so pretty persons, why now?Gwen might not have been up for showing off the goods. Not every actress goes topless, although it does seem to be the norm on this show! Also like others suggested it might be to preserve the fact that she isn't supposed to be viewed as "beautiful".Amazing amazing scene.
2079	Katydid	2013-04-29	I agree, its his scene. But when she stands up because he insulted her, this is about her.In the first place she was a bit shye about Jaime joining her in the bathtube. But after his insult she did'nt care any more.And he looked at her and recognised her as a woman for the first time.I loved what Gwen had to say about the scene on EW.com:During the scene, Brienne responds to Jaime berating her by angrily standing up in the water, exposing herself.<U+0080><U+009C>The moment of nudity is an act of defiance from Brienne,<U+0080><U+009D> Christie explained. <U+0080><U+009C>In that moment she realizes the power of her womanhood without the armor, without the fighting, without killing anyone, while she<U+0080><U+0099>s opposite this man, who she has such a complex relationship with. He has saved her from being brutally raped and she still cannot understand him. And he pushes her in that moment. So when she stands up naked in front of him, she<U+0080><U+0099>s angry. She overcomes her own issues about her own femininity and vulnerably and gender and in that moment finds the power of not only what it means to be a woman, but who she is as a woman. It<U+0080><U+0099>s a really powerful moment.<U+0080><U+009D>
2080	MsLibby	2013-04-29	As much as I loved NCW in this scene, I don't expect any Emmy love.  Despite the amazing acting this series has, only PD has had any love from any of the award shows. It SUCKS.
It wouldn't surprise me for the whole series not to get a nomination either.
2081	Talvivaara	2013-04-29	Agreed, it was a brilliant scene!
2082	Sun	2013-04-29	I agree, its his scene. But when she stands up because he insulted her, this is about her.In the first place she was a bit shye about Jaime joining her in the bathtube. But after his insult she did'nt care any more.And he looked at her and recognised her as a woman for the first time.We should have seen her as he did.Besides this: Best scene ever.I disagree. The whole point of that shot was for us to see Jaime's reaction to her. We, as the audience, are meant to conclude that Brienne is attractive because Jaime was obviously taken by her physicality. Jaime's attraction to Brienne at that moment was purely physical, but it was also influenced by his respect, admiration and trust in her. It's also influenced by his vulnerability at that moment.Brienne is not an unequivocal beauty, she's not supposed to be. She's not Cersie, or Marg, or Sansa. Had Jaime seen her naked back in S1, she wouldn't have had any effect on him. At this moment he is pre-desposed emotionally to finding her beautiful, because he already admires her in so many other ways. If they had shown us what he was seeing our opinions of her would have substituted his, and that lust for beauty we saw in his eyes would have been diminished by whatever our eyes perceived.We were meant to see Brienne through Jaime's eyes in that scene, not our own. We were meant to find her attractive because he does. We were meant to feel for her what he feels. With the glimpse of her beautiful muscular ass and his lusty face, we were meant to lust for her as well. When it comes to Brienne's beauty, how Jaime sees her is all that really matters.
2083	Darryk	2013-04-29	Utterly superb acting from Nikolai.
I was hoping they'd show how Jaime became "the Kingslayer" through flashbacks, but I guess that's too "Hollywood" for this series. The way they did it was much classier. I know "show don't tell" is considered one of the golden rules in filmmaking but when you've got an actor who can carry the scene like Nikolai then you can rely on dialogue alone.
2084	Impish	2013-04-29	Why is Brienne in this scene not shown from the front side!My interpretation of this is that, usually when we are shown a nude woman onscreen, it's in a romantic/sexual context, she is generally offering herself to someone, etc.NOT showing a frontal, highlighted how strikingly different this particular encounter was.  The important visual is that she towers over Jaime, enraged.  Quite literally, "her back's up".  The nudity is almost irrelevant, a distraction... a function of the bath house setting, not the plot.
2085	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Something that struck me seeing the scene visualized is how clean Brienne looked and how absolutely horrible Jaime looked. It was almost a physical representation of what is inside them. With them being in a bathhouse and confession in the Christian tradition being associated with cleansing, I'm a bit disappointed the metaphor went over my head on the read through
2086	Janicia	2013-04-29	I imagine that the show will avoid Jaime's dream sequence and have him make the decision to go back for Brienne while conscious.  I find a conscious decision more compelling than a decision inspired by a dream.  It was a cool dream sequence in the book, but I think the show is right to strip away much of the mysticism.
2087	giant snake	2013-04-29	I'm surprised that the show's Jaime is so good that he's starting to replace the one I've been picturing all of this time.  Normally that's a bad thing but not in this case.
Also, giving credit where it's due; this was the first one where Arya's acting was just right.  That detached, sorrowful look but finally she got some fire in her when it came to hating The Hound.
2088	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-29	I thought the level of nudity was perfect. The back and glutes show off one's athleticism more than one's tits. We see her as a woman, but not entirely forgoing her athletics for softer femininity. 
What i also loved was Brienne catching him as he swoons. A cute inversion of the typical manly-man catching the fainting maiden.
2089	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	Spectacular. It was everything I wanted and more.
2090	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-29	I was so so happy that they didn't mess this one up /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. It's one of my favorite scenes in the books, and it was done so well.
As for why they didn't show GC from the front, Brienne's supposed to have a very flat chest and be generally built like a dude. I have a feeling that GC is not /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
2091	Currawong	2013-04-29	The entire emphasis in this scene is not on sexual nudity but on psychological nakedness and vulnerability, and I am really glad they filmed it the way they did.   I thought it was far more effective and powerful to have Brienne simply stand up in sudden anger, watch her face, and then show Jaime's reaction to both her physical and emotional nakedness.    It has nothing to do with GC not being 'generally built like a dude'.   In this case, seeing 'less' is definitely 'more' in terms of the characters themselves and the scene as a whole.
2092	MsLibby	2013-04-29	I imagine that the show will avoid Jaime's dream sequence and have him make the decision to go back for Brienne while conscious.  I find a conscious decision more compelling than a decision inspired by a dream.  It was a cool dream sequence in the book, but I think the show is right to strip away much of the mysticism.Part of me really, really wants the dream sequence but I worry it might be total cheese to have it. Or maybe I just want the line "I dreamed of you".
2093	The Night's Prince	2013-04-29	Brienne isn't ugly enough.
2094	shiola	2013-04-29	This scene was so perfect.  It's everything I love about Jaime and then some, because Nikolaj is such an artist.  Was he crying, or just tearing up?  I couldn't tell.
2095	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	When he said he came back because he dreamed of her, I thought he meant it as in "I dreamed of you and so that means I care about you" or something. Like the fact that she was in his dream helped him admit to himself that he's not a nihilist, apathetic jerkass like he's been pretending to be since killing Aerys.
2096	MsLibby	2013-04-29	i wonderd that too, or if it was the steam getting to him.
The whole thing was masterful.
Another powerful scene was Bolton playing with him about Cersei's status. The mud and water running down his nose but his eyes never left Roose.
2097	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-29	Someone give Nikolaj an Emmy, please. That scene was brilliant!Word. This was the chapter in the book where Jaime really started to change from the villain who pushed Bran out of that window in to a three dimensional character, one I actually started to like.Not sure if it's been mentioned yet, but in the show Jaime said Ned found him slitting Aerys' throat, but in the book Ned found Jaime sitting on the Iron Throne, right?
2098	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	Utterly superb acting from Nikolai.I was hoping they'd show how Jaime became "the Kingslayer" through flashbacks, but I guess that's too "Hollywood" for this series. The way they did it was much classier. I know "show don't tell" is considered one of the golden rules in filmmaking but when you've got an actor who can carry the scene like Nikolai then you can rely on dialogue alone.Sure, but therein lies the question - what are you trying to show?  Sure, the scene is Jaime talking about events that happened many years ago, but when it comes down to it, the scene is about who Jaime is now, and not who Aerys was then.  In a way, the story is more important in its telling than in its actuality.
2099	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-29	Sure, but therein lies the question - what are you trying to show?  Sure, the scene is Jaime talking about events that happened many years ago, but when it comes down to it, the scene is about who Jaime is now, and not who Aerys was then.  In a way, the story is more important in its telling than in its actuality.Agreed. It's easier to "tell" in filmmaking because you're always "showing" something. Using lots of flashbacks is often cheap and bogs down the story. In a series about, say, vampires, then it can be effective because they've lived through so much, but usually it's lazy writing. In this case, seeing Jaime's reactions as he tells his story says everything we need to know.
2100	shiola	2013-04-29	I don't think I can fangirl enough over Jaime.  It's so refreshing to come on here and see people who appreciate him.  My irl friends all think he's scum.
2101	Katydid	2013-04-29	I disagree. The whole point of that shot was for us to see Jaime's reaction to her. We, as the audience, are meant to conclude that Brienne is attractive because Jaime was obviously taken by her physicality. Jaime's attraction to Brienne at that moment was purely physical, but it was also influenced by his respect, admiration and trust in her. It's also influenced by his vulnerability at that moment.Brienne is not an unequivocal beauty, she's not supposed to be. She's not Cersie, or Marg, or Sansa. Had Jaime seen her naked back in S1, she wouldn't have had any effect on him. At this moment he is pre-desposed emotionally to finding her beautiful, because he already admires her in so many other ways. If they had shown us what he was seeing our opinions of her would have substituted his, and that lust for beauty we saw in his eyes would have been diminished by whatever our eyes perceived.We were meant to see Brienne through Jaime's eyes in that scene, not our own. We were meant to find her attractive because he does. We were meant to feel for her what he feels. With the glimpse of her beautiful muscular ass and his lusty face, we were meant to lust for her as well. When it comes to Brienne's beauty, how Jaime sees her is all that really matters.Wow.  Well, well said.
2102	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	I don't think I can fangirl enough over Jaime.  It's so refreshing to come on here and see people who appreciate him.  My irl friends all think he's scum.They're missing the best part of the novels, then (IMO). Teach them, Vis!
2103	Will&Chrismom	2013-04-29	I disagree GC is too pretty to play Brienne.
We only see Brienne through others' eyes in the books, and everyone looks at her as sees an ugly woman. Brienne internalizes it enough--it's all she's heard her whole life--that her own view of her looks is likely at least a little distorted. GRRM harps on her looks, but the harping, to me, is simply him illustrating the prejudices of those who interact with her. Jaime and Catelyn have different reasons for only seeing homeliness: Jaime's entire worldview of women is warped by Cersei and their relationship--no other woman could possibly measure up. Catelyn's view is that of a mother with two very different daughters, one who is beautiful and desirable and the other who is a homely tomboy. Both of them could very well have an exaggerated view of Brienne's appearance. And when Brienne herself becomes a POV character she despairs of being ugly, but how much of it is a result of her internalizing years and years of cruel japes at her looks and her ungainliness when trying to act like the highborn lady she is?
In the books, Jaime is aroused by her in the bath but quickly decides it's only b/c he's not been with Cersei in so long and, well, any port in a storm. But he later dreams of Brienne and sees her with "more of a woman's shape"; he is beginning to see beauty where before, none existed (although he has noted her eyes, which are striking and pretty). 
The bath scene in the show is simply condensing Jaime's realization that yes, indeed, Brienne is a woman as well as a human being (Jaime pretty much acknowledged Brienne's humanity when he rescued her from being raped by Locke's men). It works beautifully, and I think GC's body, what we see of it, is the Brienne Jaime would see in the books, in his dream: strong, fierce and powerful, but still a woman (and indeed, GC is blessed with an amazing, curvy bum). She will not be mocked, and by leaping out of the tub in the altogether she's daring him to do or say something stupid, and once again, just as in last week's ep when he starts to eat, he is shocked/shamed out of being an asshole, and realizes he can trust this woman in a way he can trust nobody else, man or woman.
I loved the whole scene and watched it several times today on demand.
2104	shiola	2013-04-29	They're missing the best part of the novels, then (IMO). Teach them, Vis!I try so hard... I got through to them about Theon, but for some reason they won't budge on Jaime.
2105	Katydid	2013-04-29	I imagine that the show will avoid Jaime's dream sequence and have him make the decision to go back for Brienne while conscious.  I find a conscious decision more compelling than a decision inspired by a dream.  It was a cool dream sequence in the book, but I think the show is right to strip away much of the mysticism.If GRRM did pen the "Bear & the Maiden Fair" episode (which I think he did), then that makes me more hopeful for Jaime's dream, even if it's a bit truncated from the entire book!dream.  If he does leave Harrenhal (and I believe we've seen a shot of him on horseback, riding out with Qyburn, in several of the promos), then he'll need a catalyst to go back for her.  Book!Jaime is anxious to make tracks, get back to Kings Landing, Cersei, and everyone he loves; the dream is huge, making him turn around & make double-tracks to get back to Brienne.I'm keeping my fingers and toes crossed for the dream!  /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
2106	MsLibby	2013-04-29	btw....kudos to the makeup people for Jaime's deplorable condition. Half God,half corpse indeed!
2107	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	I try so hard... I got through to them about Theon, but for some reason they won't budge on Jaime.Well because Theon only murdered two children instead of attempting to murder one. Oh wait...
2108	shiola	2013-04-29	Well because Theon only murdered two children instead of attempting to murder one. Oh wait...RIGHT.  They're like "Well Jaime was just an asshole the whole time and I don't like his personality"
2109	giant snake	2013-04-29	Good comments all around.  How well this scene was done makes me wonder how the pointless and, I would think out of character, scene with Loras and the random dude was.  Unless, that is, they don't want us to think Loras cared about anything at all.  
If they decide to try and have Jaime later declare that Loras is 'a younger version of himself,' then it's not going to make sense.  Jaime was always deeply troubled, and it took losing his hand and being brought low to realize it.  Loras, in the show, never cares about anything at all.
2110	Currawong	2013-04-29	Agreed. It's easier to "tell" in filmmaking because you're always "showing" something. Using lots of flashbacks is often cheap and bogs down the story. In a series about, say, vampires, then it can be effective because they've lived through so much, but usually it's lazy writing. In this case, seeing Jaime's reactions as he tells his story says everything we need to know.It's not just watching Jaime himself tell it, with all his emotions - it was also critical to see Brienne's reactions (also brilliant acting from GC!) as he told it.   It would not have worked at all in a flashback sequence.
2111	Chickren	2013-04-29	If GRRM did pen the "Bear &amp; the Maiden Fair" episode (which I think he did), then that makes me more hopeful for Jaime's dream, even if it's a bit truncated from the entire book!dream.  If he does leave Harrenhal (and I believe we've seen a shot of him on horseback, riding out with Qyburn, in several of the promos), then he'll need a catalyst to go back for her.  Book!Jaime is anxious to make tracks, get back to Kings Landing, Cersei, and everyone he loves; the dream is huge, making him turn around &amp; make double-tracks to get back to Brienne.I'm keeping my fingers and toes crossed for the dream!  /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />As important as the dream is to Jaime's motivation for returning in the books, it's hard to imagine it being anything but a hokey on the tv screen, if portrayed as written.I suspect it will be Qyburn's comment about "examining" Brienne that will be show!Jaime's catalyst to return.  Even in the book, it feels like part of the reason he goes back and probably influences the dream.
					
					
							Edited by Chickren, 29 April 2013 - 10:55 PM.
2112	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	Brienne isn't ugly enough.Jaime's wandering eyes agree with you.
2113	Katydid	2013-04-30	As important as the dream is to Jaime's motivation for returning in the books, it's hard to imagine it being anything but a hokey on the tv screen, if portrayed as written.I suspect it will be Qyburn's comment about "examining" Brienne that will be show!Jaime's catalyst to return.  Even in the book, it feels like part of the reason he goes back and probably influences the dream.Good point, it could be a conversation w/Qyburn that turns him around, but I don't see that being nearly as powerful as what is implied through his dream sequence.  I think they could pull it off on-screen, and it wouldn't even need to be more than a minute or so long. Show some shadowy wraith-like figures "judging" Jaime and throwing accusations, show Tywin, Joff and Cersei turning their backs on him as he cries for them to stay, and then have Brienne appear with the flaming sword, the only light left in his world.  They wouldn't have to go into the great detail that happens in the book, not even Brienne mentioning "some bear" in his dream.  Just his family abandoning him, and Brienne being the last one standing for him.
2114	MsLibby	2013-04-30	If it were any dream I could see them skipping it, but because it happens under that tree I think i may hold some significance beyond simply being a fever dream. The mention from Brienne of a bear also makes me think there was more to it.
2115	coco lionne	2013-04-30	Forgive me if this has been mentioned, but I didn't see it in this thread....while I agree that this scene was beautifully done and pretty much perfect, did anyone else miss the line, "I'll give them naught but ashes. Let Robert be king of charred bones and cooked meat"?I was a little disappointed when Varys said a similar line in regards to Littlefinger last week ("He would watch the Realm burn, if he could be King of the ashes" - or close to that). While I know much has been said both in the books and the show about Littlefinger's ambition, I guess I just associate burning and ashes with Aerys - so it caught me off guard that they would have added a similar quote about Littlefinger.Otherwise, completely riveting scene!
2116	NickyM	2013-04-30	I disagree. The whole point of that shot was for us to see Jaime's reaction to her. We, as the audience, are meant to conclude that Brienne is attractive because Jaime was obviously taken by her physicality. Jaime's attraction to Brienne at that moment was purely physical, but it was also influenced by his respect, admiration and trust in her. It's also influenced by his vulnerability at that moment.Brienne is not an unequivocal beauty, she's not supposed to be. She's not Cersie, or Marg, or Sansa. Had Jaime seen her naked back in S1, she wouldn't have had any effect on him. At this moment he is pre-desposed emotionally to finding her beautiful, because he already admires her in so many other ways. If they had shown us what he was seeing our opinions of her would have substituted his, and that lust for beauty we saw in his eyes would have been diminished by whatever our eyes perceived.We were meant to see Brienne through Jaime's eyes in that scene, not our own. We were meant to find her attractive because he does. We were meant to feel for her what he feels. With the glimpse of her beautiful muscular ass and his lusty face, we were meant to lust for her as well. When it comes to Brienne's beauty, how Jaime sees her is all that really matters.I think this is the most important part.  Viewers, are forced to imiagine what the Director/writer wants you to see, you get all the info you need from Jaime's face.  This way a viewer can't say she's not all that because Jaime's reaction would disagree with that. I loved what Gwen had to say about the scene on EW.com:During the scene, Brienne responds to Jaime berating her by angrily standing up in the water, exposing herself.<U+0080><U+009C>The moment of nudity is an act of defiance from Brienne,<U+0080><U+009D> Christie explained. <U+0080><U+009C>In that moment she realizes the power of her womanhood without the armor, without the fighting, without killing anyone, while she<U+0080><U+0099>s opposite this man, who she has such a complex relationship with. He has saved her from being brutally raped and she still cannot understand him. And he pushes her in that moment. So when she stands up naked in front of him, she<U+0080><U+0099>s angry. She overcomes her own issues about her own femininity and vulnerably and gender and in that moment finds the power of not only what it means to be a woman, but who she is as a woman. It<U+0080><U+0099>s a really powerful moment.<U+0080><U+009D>I also love the fact that it's about her anger and not about sex --for her.  Which should be the only real reason.  Save that moment for when they do finally get that moment or not at all.
2117	Katydid	2013-04-30	If it were any dream I could see them skipping it, but because it happens under that tree I think i may hold some significance beyond simply being a fever dream. The mention from Brienne of a bear also makes me think there was more to it.Absolutely, the fact that Jaime was sleeping on a weirwood stump wasn't a throwaway detail there.  I have a feeling that it gave Jaime an extremely prophetic dream. He sees Joffrey, Cersei and Tywin in his dream, all abandoning him to the darkness; two of the three will be dead by the end of ASoS.  Brienne mentions a bear; we know the immediate significance of that.  And when his own light is extinguished, her light continues to burn. I pretty much expect both Jaime and Cersei to die by series end, but in some way, Brienne will still be Jaime's "salvation."  She's the only living soul who knows the truth about Aerys now.  That may well come into play later on, after Jaime's death.
2118	Lady Phedre	2013-04-30	I had tears in my eyes before the scene even started - just seeing Brienne in the corner of the tub and knowing that finally after 10+ years of reading this scene in the book, I was actually going to see it realized! And what a fine job they did. For this scene, and Arya's scenes, this was my favorite episode yet of the entire show.
2119	SeventySeven	2013-04-30	Re the dream: I kind of agree with another poster that said it would be more impactful to have Jaime deliberately choose to go back, rather than deciding after a dream. I liked the dream in the book, but I think I would have liked it just as much if he went back just because he wanted to.
I can't imagine how are they going to justify him leaving Brienne behind though... At this point it would be a sh-t move to abandon her - even reading the book I though he was an ass for going without her. IIRC, I think he assumed she was going to be ransomed or something and go back home, but still.
2120	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Well, Locke will probably make some comment about what he's going to do to her as Jaime rides off. Jaime hears but doesn't decide to do anything. But then later someone calls him Kingslayer again and he tries to assert that his name is Jaime again. The person remarks that "nobody cares what your name is, kingslayer." and then he remembers that Brienne did. 
Or is that way too cheesy?
2121	Sun	2013-04-30	I want the dream.
2122	MsLibby	2013-04-30	I think it will be like it was in the books, with Jaime leaving content with the knowledge that Brienne will be ransomed back to her father. She would be safe. It's only on the ride that he learnes that they rejected her father's offer (an offer worthy of a Knight he thinks). He continues on with his journey though, but it did bother him. Then he dreamed that night.
I suspect that is what will happen. Then, maybe instead of the dream, in the show they will show Qyburn telling him about examining Brienne and the rejected offer at which point he turns around.
But I do love the "I dreamed of you" Line
2123	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-30	The bath scene blew me away! Jaime unloading a burden that he has carried for 17 years /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2124	SeventySeven	2013-04-30	I think it will be like it was in the books, with Jaime leaving content with the knowledge that Brienne will be ransomed back to her father. She would be safe. It's only on the ride that he learnes that they rejected her father's offer (an offer worthy of a Knight he thinks). He continues on with his journey though, but it did bother him. Then he dreamed that night.I suspect that is what will happen. Then, maybe instead of the dream, in the show they will show Qyburn telling him about examining Brienne and the rejected offer at which point he turns around.But I do love the "I dreamed of you" LineI loved the line as well, but I can't see a way to make that dream work convincingly in the show, but who knows, I might be surprised. At the same time, making it a deliberate decision to go back the moment he learns she's not going to be ransomed it's even better, actually. It would be good to see him not even thinking twice about it, rather than stewing on it for a while.
2125	MrsManderly	2013-04-30	Amazing scene!
The only thing that could top the Jaime and Brienne arc this season for me woild be to hear him say "I dreamed of you" when she asks why he went back. Agree with the posters above that this is probably too difficult to show on screen though so mot holding my breath...
2126	Katydid	2013-04-30	But I do love the "I dreamed of you" LineI would love to see NCW deliver that line, and would equally love to see GC's reaction to it (since we don't get a reaction from Brienne in the book!)  /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />But I'm not going to get my hopes up for it, either.  I agree, the dream may be awkward to try & portray on-screen.  The fact that GRRM is handling the episode is what gives me a tiny glimmer of hope.
2127	Eucratides_Megas	2013-04-30	I know this is a serious topic about serious emotional stuff and character development, but did anyone else notice just how fine Brienne's (and Jaime's, for that matter) asses were? Made me sad I didn't get the usual GoT's full exterior shot and camera coverage /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />
					
					
							Edited by Eucratides_Megas, 30 April 2013 - 01:12 PM.
2128	shiola	2013-04-30	Forgive me if this has been mentioned, but I didn't see it in this thread....while I agree that this scene was beautifully done and pretty much perfect, did anyone else miss the line, "I'll give them naught but ashes. Let Robert be king of charred bones and cooked meat"?I was a little disappointed when Varys said a similar line in regards to Littlefinger last week ("He would watch the Realm burn, if he could be King of the ashes" - or close to that). While I know much has been said both in the books and the show about Littlefinger's ambition, I guess I just associate burning and ashes with Aerys - so it caught me off guard that they would have added a similar quote about Littlefinger.Otherwise, completely riveting scene!Yep, yep, yep, this.  It is a shame they didn't include it about Aerys because it shows even more how terrible he was and how justifie dJaime was
2129	Katydid	2013-04-30	I know this is a serious topic about serious emotional stuff and character development, but did anyone else notice just how fine Brienne's (and Jaime's, for that matter) asses were? Made me sad I didn't get the usual GoT's full exterior shot and camera coverage /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />Yeah, of all the lousy times for HBO/the showrunners to go all modest on us, THAT'S the scene they chose.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2130	Eurybia	2013-04-30	We get Bran's dreams, and the weirwoods are a big deal later in the series (what with Bran connecting to the weirnet...). Perhaps they might use this as a point to show that magic?
More likely, I think we'll get a flash or two, then Jaime walking up alarmed to talk to Qyburn next to the fire, and then he'll make a decision. Then the line after he rescues Brienne.
2131	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-30	Maybe he still gives the "I dreamed of you" line but it's delivered with sweet sarcasm, like his "I only rescue maidens" line. 'Tis a little less blunt than "Yah, not leaving you to be eaten by a bear."
2132	The Angels' Prophet	2013-04-30	Oh, NCW did so well! He sent chills down my spine! The scene was not exactly as I pictured it, but that isn't a bad thing at all! I feel kind of bad though. I wanted to wait until the season was over, and watch it with my friend, who hasn't read the books yet.. But I saw that this episode was on, and I was like eh, might as well watch the end. I could not have picked a better time to start watching!
2133	AliKat	2013-04-30	I know Dinkledge is the only actor who's getting any recognition for this series (not fair at all), but NCW is running circles around everyone this year (except maybe Dance).I think NCW and Maisie should both win awards this year. Dinklage was fab last year but these two stole it from him this year.This scene - omg this scene - was amazing. I got so slammed on a review of GOT S3E1 because I defended Jaime saying that he had redeeming qualities. This episode really shows how much Jaime was - for lack of a better word - tormented by the Mad King's reign. And when he apologizes to Brienne after insulting her and she warns him not to mock her, you can tell how genuine and contrite he is. I really pray that GRRM does them justice in the next two books and lets him redeem himself. And lets Brienne find some peace in her place in the world (and doesn't kill them!)
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 30 April 2013 - 02:54 PM.
2134	Ellypsis	2013-04-30	First time post! *nerves*Ever since I read the books, Jaime and Brienne have been my favorite duo.  I'm not hugely concerned about whether or not a dream sequence would be too "hokey" because the showrunners have already proven that they can deliver one without having it come across cheesy or weird (re: Bran). There's a big difference between the book dream sequences and the TV sequences - they've taken out what was a bit over the top (talking crow teaching Bran to fly) while still attempting to deliver the message, albeit with a bit more subtlety.  Likewise, I think they COULD pull off this dream in a way that would be more realistic and less mystical - make the non-reading viewers question how Jaime arrived in King's Landing so quickly (the same way they questioned how Bran was walking again)...I think Jaime's line "I dreamed of you" is an important line because he's acknowledging (to Brienne and to himself) that he has formed a bond with her, the first real bond he's had with anyone other than his immediate family members - someone that he isn't obliged to care about.  The fact that he was honest about it when he could have made any number of cruel remarks shows his respect for her and seems like an attempt to earn some of her respect in return. I'd be disappointed if it wasn't included.Then again, they might cut out Brienne asking the question altogether... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2135	MsLibby	2013-04-30	Hey there Ellypsis! You are no longer a Maiden /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I think the "Dreamed of you" comment is important too, but  working it in will be difficult.  But it seems that no matter what the showrunners do someone will find it hokey. Like I've been reading a lot of reviews from the most recent show and they are heaping praise on NCW and GC for the bath scene. That said, a number have commented that his "Jaime. My name is Jaime" line was hokey or unnecessary when us fans loved it.
2136	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Well people are clearly snobs then lol.
No but seriously, it's not hokey or unnecessary. When we first see him talking to his father, he's claiming he doesn't care what people think of him. That line is him actually admitting that the title gets under his skin. Hokey, maybe I can see. But not unnecessary.
2137	Quivver	2013-05-01	Was it just me, or did Brienne look prettier in the tub scene?
2138	The Night's Prince	2013-05-01	Jaime's wandering eyes agree with you.LOL yep. I saw that quick sizing up and his mouth wide open like a fool. Good times.
2139	Ellypsis	2013-05-01	Brienne looked prettier...quite.
2140	Sun	2013-05-01	Was it just me, or did Brienne look prettier in the tub scene?I thought she looked very pretty.
2141	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	It's because she was clean. A visual cue of the contrast between the two characters.
2142	AliKat	2013-05-01	I thought she looked very pretty.They used her armor and clothing to make her more masculine when Gwendoline Christie is actually a very, very attractive person. In the bath scene they had no way to hide that other than her facial expressions (frowning, scowling, etc) and when she's totally blown away by Jaime's story, she took on a very sincere look of compassion. Hard to make her look ugly without effects.
2143	Sun	2013-05-01	It's because she was clean. A visual cue of the contrast between the two characters.Indeed.They used her armor and clothing to make her more masculine when Gwendoline Christie is actually a very, very attractive person. In the bath scene they had no way to hide that other than her facial expressions (frowning, scowling, etc) and when she's totally blown away by Jaime's story, she took on a very sincere look of compassion. Hard to make her look ugly without effects.True.This is also the moment when Jaime begins to see her, appreciate her, as a woman. It's appropriate that we, the audience, too begin to see her as an attractive woman.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 01 May 2013 - 01:33 PM.
2144	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-01	Brienne has a hot butt
2145	JMJ	2013-05-01	This is also the moment when Jaime begins to see her, appreciate her, as a woman. It's appropriate that we, the audience, too begin to see her as an attractive woman. Exactly. These are for the most part attractive actors, after all. Many actors in the show are mOre attractive than the characters they portray are supposed to be. Other than Brienne, Tyrion, Ygritte, Selyse come to mind.FWIW, GC's change in looks is not from being clean. She pretty much scowled through the whole time leading up to the bath scene. She's in the end quite attractive.
2146	Katydid	2013-05-02	Exactly. These are for the most part attractive actors, after all. Many actors in the show are mOre attractive than the characters they portray are supposed to be. Other than Brienne, Tyrion, Ygritte, Selyse come to mind.FWIW, GC's change in looks is not from being clean. She pretty much scowled through the whole time leading up to the bath scene. She's in the end quite attractive.Yeah, there's not a whole lot they could have done to make GC as ugly as Brienne is described in the books.  She does a great job of scowling and shooting disapproving/scornful looks at Jaime, but in the bath scene, when she's slowly realizing the truth about Jaime, her shocked look softens her face to the point where she looks really pretty. Even with no make-up, she's a stunning woman.
2147	MsLibby	2013-05-02	Even Jaime said in certain light Brienne could be a beauty /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2148	Blood of the Flagon	2013-05-02	I love the call back to when they first set out together: "My name is Bienne!" to "Jaime...my name is Jaime"
2149	Jason Shankel	2013-05-02	The Jaime/Brienne storyline has been my favorite so far this year, and not for any 'shipping reason. I've read the series up through Storm of Swords, and there are certain sections of the book that I always thought were going to be even better on the show.  The Jaime/Brienne stuff in general, but especially the story of the Mad King, is in that category for me because so much depends on the performances.  Reading that monologue, it's easy to forget that Jaime is sitting there half rotted away and wounded and that both of them are there naked in front of each other, laying the truth out.It was great...exceeded expectations.www.nattercast.com
					
					
							Edited by Jason Shankel, 02 May 2013 - 07:04 PM.
2150	Young Lion	2013-05-03	I have just re-watched the whole bath scene again and my goodness, it was PERFECT. It is one of the greatest scenes in this series. Nikolaj has to be awarded for the incredible work he's been doing. His acting has been superb.
Jaime's anger, frustration, bitterness and resentment were impeccably presented. That whole monologue culminating in his break down at the mention of Eddard judging him without even trying to understand why he did it just made it even better. An incredibly powerful and emotional scene.
"By what right does the wolf judges the lion?"
It deserves a standing applause.
					
					
							Edited by The Brain, 03 May 2013 - 11:36 AM.
2151	Sun	2013-05-03	I have just re-watched the whole bath scene again and my goodness, it was PERFECT. It is one of the greatest scenes in this series. Nikolaj has to be awarded for the incredible work he's been doing. His acting has been superb.Jaime's anger, frustration, bitterness and resentment were impeccably presented. That whole monologue culminating in his break down at the mention of Eddard judging him without even trying to understand why he did it just made it even better. An incredibly powerful and emotional scene."By what right does the wolf judges the lion?"It deserves a standing applause.I've re-watched the scene, and only the scene, 5 times now already. It's perfect every time. I marvel at NCW's acting. He was so authentic, so real, it really is something to behold. GC's reaction shots were also wonderful. Brilliant scene. HBO better submit it for Emmy consideration.
2152	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	For the longest time I thought the "by what right" line was just a reference to their sigils...but then I realized that underneath that is Jaime's statement that Ned really isn't any better than him. By what right does a wolf judge a lion? They are more similar than different, even though lions have a reputation as kings of their domain. They both rely on their packs and they are both ferocious animals. Who are you, Ned Stark, to judge me guilty? You have a bastard son and just fought a war to do exactly what I just did. It's pretty interesting.
2153	Katydid	2013-05-03	For the longest time I thought the "by what right" line was just a reference to their sigils...but then I realized that underneath that is Jaime's statement that Ned really isn't any better than him. By what right does a wolf judge a lion? They are more similar than different, even though lions have a reputation as kings of their domain. They both rely on their packs and they are both ferocious animals. Who are you, Ned Stark, to judge me guilty? You have a bastard son and just fought a war to do exactly what I just did. It's pretty interesting.Great observation - - I never really thought about it but you're right, that works on two levels!
2154	MsLibby	2013-05-03	I've re-watched the scene, and only the scene, 5 times now already. It's perfect every time. I marvel at NCW's acting. He was so authentic, so real, it really is something to behold. GC's reaction shots were also wonderful. Brilliant scene. HBO better submit it for Emmy consideration.It will depend on if HBO thinks he has a chance against Dinkledge. They will likely only have one shot at a nomination (much less a win) and TV shows with large casts have to pick one to put their power and influence behind. If HBO thinks they can get it with NCW they will. But if they thought it was based on talent alone, they would have pushed Charles Dance last year IMHO
2155	Dove	2013-05-03	I like Peter Dinklage a lot, but I think of everyone in the cast Alfie Allen actually deserved the nom last season. Most surprising breakaway performance of the show, IMO. I doubt he'd have won it though, Dinklage is a more "visible" actor and awards tend to favor that.NCW is also fucking killing it this season, I hope he's not overlooked for the reasons already specified.
2156	Chickren	2013-05-03	I bet they wait until next season to throw their weight behind another Dinkelage nomination.  Season 4 should be Dinkelage's best material considering what goes down for Tyrion in the last half of ASOS, and if he does it justice (as I expect he will) he'll be a shoe-in nominee.
All that to say NCW could very well have a shot this season.
2157	BluePG	2013-05-03	NCW is also fucking killing it this season, I hope he's not overlooked for the reasons already specified.Agreed! I did not see it coming either. He has really stepped it up this season.
2158	Inceptor	2013-05-03	As a guy who hasnt read any of the books ,  i think this Jaimie  character  is awful ,  not the acting , the acting is perfect , but the character   is awful ,  sleeping with his sister , throwing children out of the window ....  when i saw the hand thingy  i felt like karma got him finaly  , and the  things that happend after that was like   "its payback time bijach" .....  i dont know if in the books he becomes the good guy or dies (please dont  tell /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )  but so far i see  his redemption  ,  not so  cocky as he was in the 1st season .  About the bath scene  , when he talked about the mad king  i thought that it would be nice to have 1 episode from the past , to actually see what happened there , i feel  it would be better than just telling stories about it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  .    
Also hope  the dwarf doesnt die  .....
2159	Lemonhead	2013-05-03	I can't really say anything about the scene that hasn't been said already, but it was damn good. Best scene this season so far.  i dont know if in the books he becomes the good guy or dies (please dont  tell /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )  but so far i see  his redemption  ,  not so  cocky as he was in the 1st season .  About the bath scene  , when he talked about the mad king  i thought that it would be nice to have 1 episode from the past , to actually see what happened there , i feel  it would be better than just telling stories about itNo one in GoT is neither fully good or bad. It's time for you to stop thinking with those terms. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Lemonhead, 03 May 2013 - 03:27 PM.
2160	Craven Mummer	2013-05-03	I've watched the scene numerous times and its great. It's brilliant, the acting fantastic, so please dont think I'm taking a shot at it.  But I have a nit that I notice every time.
They wait a second too long to cut the scene. When GC is holding Jamie without moving I'm waiting to hear the director yell cut. It's a little distracting, I just wish it could have ended a second earlier.
Anyone else notice this?
2161	SerMudz	2013-05-03	It will depend on if HBO thinks he has a chance against Dinkledge. They will likely only have one shot at a nomination (much less a win) and TV shows with large casts have to pick one to put their power and influence behind. If HBO thinks they can get it with NCW they will. But if they thought it was based on talent alone, they would have pushed Charles Dance last year IMHOA chance against Dinklage? What eaxactly has Dinklage done that even comes close to NCW in the bathtub scene? Dinklage was brilliant in Season 1.....since then he hasnt impressed me....hes just consistent. And this season he's done nothingof any real note. As much as I love Dinklage I think he gets far too much atttention.
2162	Clariana	2013-05-03	For the longest time I thought the "by what right" line was just a reference to their sigils...but then I realized that underneath that is Jaime's statement that Ned really isn't any better than him. By what right does a wolf judge a lion? They are more similar than different, even though lions have a reputation as kings of their domain. They both rely on their packs and they are both ferocious animals. Who are you, Ned Stark, to judge me guilty? You have a bastard son and just fought a war to do exactly what I just did. It's pretty interesting.People seem to forget that when we first see Ned Stark he is executing a deserter... Someone who deserved pity and understand rather than a summary execution.  But these are the functions that all Lords however righteous occasionally have to carry out... So yes, by what right?On a more facetious note, dogs judging cats, how is that fair?
2163	MsLibby	2013-05-03	A chance against Dinklage? What eaxactly has Dinklage done that even comes close to NCW in the bathtub scene? Dinklage was brilliant in Season 1.....since then he hasnt impressed me....hes just consistent. And this season he's done nothingof any real note. As much as I love Dinklage I think he gets far too much atttention.When it comes to awards it doesn't matter about how good you are or how good your stuff is (I mean, that does play some role but it's not the be all and end all). If you look at what the pundants are already saying (like Goldderby.com, etc) they already have Dinklage in contention and not a single mention of NCW anywhere. Now, this might change but Dinklage has a name recognition that the Emmy panel will love. He's also American (which they also love). HBO knows this and will likely put their weight behind him.Awards are all about who you know and how good you and your backers schmooze.I think NCW deserves a nomination but I would be very, very surprised if he got one.
2164	The Bear	2013-05-03	How on earth did I fail to comment on this scene?
It was incredible. One of my absolute favourite scenes in the books and they hit it the hell out of the park. It was beautiful, and absolutely emmy-worthy. I love Dinklage and his work but this season belongs to NCW. Every note was pitch perfect. I get chills just remembering it.
It's true that awards are all about backing and PR campaigns and stuff. Sometimes the longshot wins but only if there is sufficient buzz.
					
					
							Edited by The Bear, 03 May 2013 - 10:52 PM.
2165	siknes	2013-05-04	I know Dinkledge is the only actor who's getting any recognition for this series (not fair at all), but NCW is running circles around everyone this year (except maybe Dance).SoS is his redemption arc, loose a hand, gain a brain and conscious, and mayhaps true love.
2166	siknes	2013-05-04	Great observation - - I never really thought about it but you're right, that works on two levels!I don't think it is particularly the Kingslaying that Ned judges Jamie, more of the fact that my Father and Brother died before your eyes and you did nothing. Period
2167	siknes	2013-05-04	Great observation - - I never really thought about it but you're right, that works on two levels!It is not the Kingslaying part of Jamie Ned is judging, more to the line of my father and brother died before your eyes, and you did nothing. Period.
2168	Peptalk	2013-05-04	It is not the Kingslaying part of Jamie Ned is judging, more to the line of my father and brother died before your eyes, and you did nothing. Period.No. That doesn't make sense. Of the Kingsguard in service during Aerys reign, Jaime is the single Kingsguard Ned condemned. If he judged him for standing by when Aerys killed his family he would have condemned the rest of them as well. Ned was honorable to the point of idiocy, and what he condemned Jaime for was for betraying and killing the man, the King, he had sworn to protect.
2169	Peptalk	2013-05-04	Also, he wouldn't have condemned him for that at that point. If he condemned Jaime for not preventing Aerys from killing his family, he ought to have been grateful at that point, not condemning him. It wouldn't matter that it was late, it would matter that it was done.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 04 May 2013 - 03:14 AM.
2170	Tirilei	2013-05-05	I have watched this episode several times now and I still cannot properly hear and understand the sentence that Jaime says right before Brienne stands up.  He says:
"You were supposed to take me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it?  You wanted [...  ...] , you got him."
I've even watched it on Youtube and still cannot make out what goes in the brackets. Is it "You wanted Renly dead"?
ESL here, so if anyone could confirm or clarify, I'd be grateful.
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 06 May 2013 - 12:06 AM.
2171	SeventySeven	2013-05-05	It's "No wonder Renly died" or something similar to that.
2172	Darkstar For King	2013-05-05	I have watched this episode several times now and I still cannot properly hear and understand the sentence that Jaime says right before Brienne stands up.  He says:"You were supposed to take me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it?  You wanted [...  ...] , you got him."I've even watched it on Youtube and still cannot make out what goes in the brackets. Is it "You wanted Renly dead"? ESL here, so if anyone could confirm or clarify, I'd be grateful.I think he said, "Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him"ninja'd
					
					
							Edited by Darkstar For King, 05 May 2013 - 04:59 PM.
2173	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-05	As a guy who hasnt read any of the books ,  i think this Jaimie  character  is awful ,  not the acting , the acting is perfect , but the character   is awful ,  sleeping with his sister , throwing children out of the window ....  when i saw the hand thingy  i felt like karma got him finaly  , and the  things that happend after that was like   "its payback time bijach" .....  i dont know if in the books he becomes the good guy or dies (please dont  tell /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )  but so far i see  his redemption  ,  not so  cocky as he was in the 1st season .  About the bath scene  , when he talked about the mad king  i thought that it would be nice to have 1 episode from the past , to actually see what happened there , i feel  it would be better than just telling stories about it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  .	Also hope  the dwarf doesnt die  .....READ THE BOOKS
2174	Jon Irenicus	2013-05-05	Just signed up to say I re-watched all of season 1 and I love the part when Jaimee is talking to Jory about Theon...
Jory: He is a good kid
Jaime: I doubt it
2175	Tirilei	2013-05-06	It's "No wonder Renly died" or something similar to that.I think he said, "Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him"ninja'dThank you!  "No wonder...." makes much more sense than "You wanted...."
2176	NickyM	2013-05-07	Ok.  So of course after THIS episode, I went to Amazon and downloaded the Kindle version of the books.  I cheated and started where the with this chapter having to see for myself how awesome it was in the book. I have to say although it is identical there is a line that needed to be in here.  His acknoldegement of pushing Bran out the window:
Jaime:  "You out to be pleased.  I've lost the hand I killed the king with.  The hand that flung the Stark boy from the tower.  The hand I'd slide between my sister's thighs to make her wet."
So killing the king isn't the only thing he confessed to at that moment.  We really missed out.  He said all that non-chalantly and there wasn't any more discussion of anything else but the killing of the mad king.  I hope there is more on this as it's driving me crazy he told her everything.
					
					
							Edited by NickyM, 07 May 2013 - 08:15 AM.
2177	A<U+009C>rglAvi	2013-05-17	Ok.  So of course after THIS episode, I went to Amazon and downloaded the Kindle version of the books.  I cheated and started where the with this chapter having to see for myself how awesome it was in the book. I have to say although it is identical there is a line that needed to be in here.  His acknoldegement of pushing Bran out the window:Jaime:  "You out to be pleased.  I've lost the hand I killed the king with.  The hand that flung the Stark boy from the tower.  The hand I'd slide between my sister's thighs to make her wet."So killing the king isn't the only thing he confessed to at that moment.  We really missed out.  He said all that non-chalantly and there wasn't any more discussion of anything else but the killing of the mad king.  I hope there is more on this as it's driving me crazy he told her everything.In the book, Brienne already knew about Bran and Cersei.
2178	Winter's Knight	2013-04-29	Pickled babies! A surprisingly un-grieving Lora's! Oleanna's suspicious ability to drain IQ points from all her conversational partners! 
What got under your skin this episode?
2179	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Littlefingers voices bothers me still, especially after going back and watching scenes from the first season where it was perfectly fine imo.
And Karstarks being half of Robbs forces was a shake my head moment
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 29 April 2013 - 01:45 PM.
2180	Jslay427	2013-04-29	I didn't like Shireen as the one who teaches Davos his letters. I know we don't have a Pylos, and not many other characters in Dragonstone, but I didn't like it.
2181	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	The nitpick thread! yeah finally! but I don't know what to say... at this point there are just too many things.
Well I'll start with some:
1. The Hound not having his badass quote:
"For the night is dark and full of terrors" - Thoros
"This cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here" - The Hound
2. Sandor not crying when he was burned by the fire.
3. Whatever happened to the "when the sun has set, not canddle can replace it" Loras I knew and loved?
4. Jon saying "Seven hells".
5. Olenna.... enough! it's becoming annoying!
6. Shireen is BLONDE!!!!!
7. Tyrion's been extreme whitewashed I DONT LIKE IT!!! (and this is coming from a very big Tyrion fan!)
ETA:
8. Selyse...everything about her, specially the jar-babies and trying to not let Stannis see his own daughter.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 02:15 PM.
2182	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	This is as much of a book nitpick as it is an episode nitpick, but that cunnilingus seems to have been nonexistent in wildling culture makes me very sad.
2183	TheDeadWolf	2013-04-29	Going for Casterly Rock instead of reclaiming the North is kind of weak sauce but in the end it doesn't matter obviously.
2184	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	Kit Harington's acting was even worse than usual. I'm getting seriously tempted to just skip all Jon scenes. The same goes for Aidan Gillen - he gave possibly his worst performance yet in his scene with Cersei.
The Loras scenes are just downright offensive and embarassing. It looked like the writers all got together and thought "WHAT DOES A GAY HOOK-UP LOOK LIKE???" and came up with one of the worst scenes in the show so far.
And why was it even necessary? Couldn't Loras have refused the prostitute because of his devotion to Renly, but used the excuse about his betrothal to Sansa? It would have advanced the plot without erasing a major part of Loras' character and reducing him to his sexuality.
2185	Baratheon3508	2013-04-29	1 Loras being playful flirty and happy seeming months after Renly's death. Would it have been too much to show some grief even if they chose to go with the loras screwing (or ahem being screwed by perhaps...) a random squire. 
2 Selyse's dead baby jars!
3 Tyrion letting QoT walk all over him
4 Omission of the hound's epic line. Its things like this which would have fitted fine in the scene that I can't understand why they are left out!
5 I agree that the Karstarks were way too much of Robb's army.
6 Lady Olenna's statement about how many swords the Tyrells have given them. Number was way way too small
2186	insertname	2013-04-29	Beric imho didn't really show how much he's lost, this undermines the cost of resurrection - but I didn't particularly like it in the books either.
Karstark being half of Robb's forces was... "What?"
Indeed, I think Olenna is being a bit overused and I get the feel the writers want us to rotflmao at every word she says.
The hound's fear of fire was done very nicely at the beginning, but they kinda dropped the ball at the end.
jar-babies...it almost felt steampunk-y and the babies were FAR too big.
Loras not having the candle line and just shacking with some random guy
2187	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Where are Tormund's Har!s !!!!???
2188	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Shireen singing the songs that scare her and reading about the Targs, I mean she has nightmares about being eaten by dragons why would she read about them all day.
2189	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	This is as much of a book nitpick as it is an episode nitpick, but that cunnilingus seems to have been nonexistent in wildling culture makes me very sad.There's probably a reason for that. Having spent a year in the Finnish Defence Forces, I am very aware that even a week spent in a frozen forest is going to leave you covered with filth. Wildlings don't even get sauna/hot showers in between.When Jon decided to plunge straight at the unwashed and unshaven crotch of a barbarian woman the moment he saw her get naked, I decided he's the bravest character of them all. Or the foulest.
2190	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-29	Where are Tormund's Har!s !!!!??? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> they surely can't take that away from us /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
2191	protar	2013-04-29	My nitpicks where pretty much the same as everyone else. Thankfully I was forewarned on the baby jars so my disgust and annoyance was dampened. Loras and the squire did really annoy me, Loras would never cheat on Renly's memory like that. Mostly a great episode though.
2192	a shadow	2013-04-29	In the converstion with Margaery Sansa reacted as if being proud of Joffrey's *interest* in her. The same happened previous episodes, when Shae talked to her about Littlefinger. Yuck. Her own interest in Loras is also played as very shallow. While in the books the dream of life in Highgarden was somehow more true. I don't understand the acting here.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 29 April 2013 - 02:35 PM.
2193	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	There's probably a reason for that. Having spent a year in the Finnish Defence Forces, I am very aware that even a week spent in a frozen forest is going to leave you covered with filth. Wildlings don't even get sauna/hot showers in between.When Jon decided to plunge straight at the unwashed and unshaven crotch of a barbarian woman the moment he saw her get naked, I decided he's the bravest character of them all. Or the foulest.LOL okay I'll give you that. I bet you had no idea that your time with the Finnish Defence Forces would make you an authority on the prevalence of certain sex acts. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2194	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	Baby jars.Stupid Robb thinking the Frey's are going to save him somehow. And he just NOW thought to invade Casterly Rock?There's probably a reason for that. Having spent a year in the Finnish Defence Forces, I am very aware that even a week spent in a frozen forest is going to leave you covered with filth. Wildlings don't even get sauna/hot showers in between.When Jon decided to plunge straight at the unwashed and unshaven crotch of a barbarian woman the moment he saw her get naked, I decided he's the bravest character of them all. Or the foulest.You win the day, sir.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 29 April 2013 - 02:31 PM.
2195	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Tywin cannot decide how to pronounce Tyrell...
2196	Sun	2013-04-29	Shireen is blond. What happened to Ned's "Baratheon: black of hair"? A war was started on the pretext of that little piece of evidence, ffs.
2197	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-29	I didn't like Shireen as the one who teaches Davos his letters. I know we don't have a Pylos, and not many other characters in Dragonstone, but I didn't like it.what about this could you possibly not like? Why is Shireen teaching Davos to read something you can't accept? What does this change?
2198	Er Rn	2013-04-29	Shireen is blond. What happened to Ned's "Baratheon: black of hair"? A war was started on the pretext of that little piece of evidence, ffs.Oh wow, I never even noticed this while watching. Very good point.Also, didn't care for the Loras stuff or babies in jars.I've given up on the Robb and the North story so nothing they do really surprises me there anymore.
2199	billy g.	2013-04-29	2 Selyse's dead baby jars!I think I'll start calling her The Governess! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by billy g., 29 April 2013 - 03:23 PM.
2200	A bowl of brown	2013-04-29	Robb planning to take Casterly Rock not retake the North.
Lack of scenes North of the Wall especially failing to really develop Tormund.
Blonde Shireen is pretty ridiculous/lazy. And no patchface is a shame considering how prophetic his songs are.
Selyse being crazy rather than unpleasant.
Loras being the heir to Highgarden and not in the KG.
2201	Sun	2013-04-29	Also, Robb spent almost the entire second season in the West. Only now did it occur to him to take Casterly Rock?? After he' travelled back to Riverrun? Really?! The show is determined to make the Stark men as thick as the trunks on the weirwood trees they pray to. lol
2202	jons nissa	2013-04-29	Tywin cannot decide how to pronounce Tyrell...this!Shireen is blond. What happened to Ned's "Baratheon: black of hair"? A war was started on the pretext of that little piece of evidence, ffs.and this!i also expected the hound to show much more fear when the fire was introduced in the duel. and i am really hating how jon is being fleshed out. or not fleshed out as the case turns out!
2203	White Raven	2013-04-29	Babies in jars as replacement of Patchface being creepy.
2204	teemo	2013-04-29	Loras.
Casterly Rock
2205	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-29	Yeah, that middle jar baby in particular was HUGE! And its eyes were open and creepy! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  Are they supposed to be fetuses? Selyse must have been five months overdue!
2206	SilentSense	2013-04-29	And why was it even necessary? Couldn't Loras have refused the prostitute because of his devotion to Renly, but used the excuse about his betrothal to Sansa? It would have advanced the plot without erasing a major part of Loras' character and reducing him to his sexuality.They must have been reading this forum where people complained out the lack of male nudity in sex scenes! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />-Robb wanting to go for CR. Just no.Littlefinger bad in every scene.Great episode otherwise.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 29 April 2013 - 04:16 PM.
2207	Jenny-of-Oldstones	2013-04-29	- Jon's 'seven hells'. I would have liked it, if any southron person'd have said it, but not Jon. He is so of the North he probably shits snow.
- the hound crying and the 'I'm the terror here' line
- I'd really like to know just exactly how long Tormunds member is... har.
- I doubt they could make a solution that would preserve babies as good as they were showed, so add baby jars to the list
-  the pace of the KL-plot. Like, BAM BAM BAM, can one catch a breath please?
- The 'swift stroke' of Karstark's death, although I liked everything else about it. I know I'm too critical on these things, being a med student and all, but bitch please. Those muscles and bone and sinews aren't like butter you know.
- Casterly Rock. Really. Seriously.
- Tyrion being run over by QoT. Just please, Tyrion, please.
I'd still give the episode a fat nine however. Amazingly done.
2208	SilentSense	2013-04-29	Some swords are really sharp, you know.
2209	Jenny-of-Oldstones	2013-04-29	Some swords are really sharp, you know.Yeah, I know, that's why I accepted Ned's beheading and all with Valyrian.But comparing Karstark muscularity and Robb's... I just don't find it likely. Perhaps If you hit precisely between cranial 2 & 3... Well... meds student gonna meds you know... It's the same with the 'instant death by arrow in bowels'. But hey, nitpick withour repercussions, right? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2210	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	The Karstark betrayal was just odd. Robb did a good job in the books - he killed Karstark on the first strike but needed a couple more to get the head off which was realistic. The only reason Jon and Ned do it so swiftly is because they have Valyrian steel swords.
2211	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	"Seven hells"It's not that big a deal, really. Just a common enough curse. I've been an atheist for as long as I've been using my brains about spiritual things and a lot of Judeo-Christianity is just baffling to me, but I still I say things like goddamnit and jesus christ all the time.I didn't like the lack of Hound's most important character traits in the fight. They only display his terror of fire by having him take a spooked step back whenever he sees a flame, when he should be really goddamn fragile about the stuff. Sure he hacks at his shield and screams a little, but who wouldn't? I wanted to see him shattered and half mad from pain and unbearable fear towards fire.
2212	teemo	2013-04-29	I liked Theon's music playing during Robb's scene, but I would have liked it more if Robb struggled to sever the head.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 29 April 2013 - 04:40 PM.
2213	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-29	Baby jars.Stupid Robb thinking the Frey's are going to save him somehow. And he just NOW thought to invade Casterly Rock?You win the day, sir.ugh robb seems less intelligent in the series and those baby jars were just stupid
2214	Underzaker	2013-04-29	One thing that truly annoyed me was Beric's half-assed attempt to block hound's slash right before the end. It just didn't seem realistic. I'm hazy regarding the book , but I thought Beric was really close to offing Sandor but the hound managed to kill him only by shattering his sword through sheer strength and desperation.
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 29 April 2013 - 04:48 PM.
2215	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT LOVED THE FETUS ROOM? 
It was PURE Gothic horror! Stannis Baratheon's family is pure a Gothic story. We have the crazed, passionate but unloved wife, the disfigured child in the shadows, the foreign cultist and the terrifying half-wit mumbling prophecies that come true living in a big, dark gloomy Castle.(BTW WHERE THE FUCK WAS PATCHFACE???? THAT PISSE ME OFF)) so it works really, really well.
Maybe i'm morbid, but I thought it was fucking ace.
2216	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	And Karstarks being half of Robbs forces was a shake my head momentWhatever happened to the "when the sun has set, not canddle can replace it" Loras I knew and loved? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  besides that i thought it was pretty great.AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT LOVED THE FETUS ROOM?It was PURE Gothic horror! Stannis Baratheon's family is pure a Gothic story. We have the crazed, passionate but unloved wife, the disfigured child in the shadows, the foreign cultist and the terrifying half-wit mumbling prophecies that come true living in a big, dark gloomy Castle.(BTW WHERE THE FUCK WAS PATCHFACE???? THAT PISSE ME OFF)) so it works really, really well.Maybe i'm morbid, but I thought it was fucking ace.nope. I loved it. It made her looks very creepy. It almost made me forget she was supposed to have a mustache.And about the No patchface.. i made a thread, but it seems it's not being approved... very lame. I even wrote out Shireen's song or should I say patchface song.
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 29 April 2013 - 04:49 PM.
2217	insertname	2013-04-29	The problem with taking more than one stroke is that they've used this extensively with Theon beheading Ser Rodrick. They wanted to make sure that the message gets across that while Robb makes mistakes (and dear god how many he makes here -.-), in this respect he is very much like his father and not like Theon.
2218	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-29	Talisa acting like she has no idea where Robb's home is (doesn't even refer to it as Winterfell, does she?)
And yet she is supposed to be smart and worldly, and she is following him around on campaign, looking at maps all the time, and still seemingly implies an almost total lack of geographic awareness.  Like, as in not knowing how he would get home.
2219	Rapsie	2013-04-29	The Tyrion whitewashing. He is now a completely different character to the book. Certainly a nicer character, but far less interesting.
2220	Dove	2013-04-29	This is probably one of my favorite episodes in the whole run of the show, but there's a few little things I guess I wasn't crazy about. I'm not the type to dwell endlessly on the bad, though.
Littlefinger, ugghh aiden gillen what are you doing you are way better than this
Loras having a fling is all well and good, but I wasn't too fond of the whole "hi random squire in a city full of spies, here's what my family is up to" story and the cheerful, carefree way he carried himself.
Shireen being blonde /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Try as I might I just can't bring myself to care much about the Jon with the wildlings story, and I think it's a mixture of writing and acting. I must be the only person in the world not loving Rose Leslie as Ygritte, haha. Kit was a little cringe-worthy this ep too.
2221	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-29	Th body double they hired for Brienne was far too hot. Seriously, if Brienne had a waistline and hips like that, her story would be quite different.  If they couldn't find a muscular, masculine woman who is willing to get naked for money, they could have just hired a clean shaved guy to do it.
2222	Red Knight	2013-04-29	Going for Casterly Rock instead of reclaiming the North is kind of weak sauce but in the end it doesn't matter obviously.agree, but that's not a nitpick it is a huge error
2223	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	Th body double they hired for Brienne was far too hot. Seriously, if Brienne had a waistline and hips like that, her story would be quite different.  If they couldn't find a muscular, masculine woman who is willing to get naked for money, they could have just hired a clean shaved guy to do it.How do you know it's a body double?I think it's really Gwendoline Christie, she is quite an attractive woman you know.
2224	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	The Tyrion whitewashing. He is now a completely different character to the book. Certainly a nicer character, but far less interesting.I paused the TV and ranted to my TV for a good 3 minutes on this LOL. (I was alone)
2225	teemo	2013-04-29	I thought it was quite obviously a body double.  After reading some things on here though, maybe I'm wrong...I know GC is super pretty IRL, that body just didn't look like hers.
2226	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	Not much nitpicking this week. Stellar episode.
TIE-RELL. Make up your mind already Tywin! 
Shireen being blond-ish didn't bother me that much. No mustache on the other hand is high treason!
The only serious nitpick is Littlefinger. The combination of how horribly he is being written and how terribly he is being acted is making me angry.
2227	David Selig	2013-04-29	- Jon's 'seven hells'. I would have liked it, if any southron person'd have said it, but not Jon. He is so of the North he probably shits snow. Ned and Jon say "seven hells" in the books. IIRC some other Northerners too.
2228	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-29	Although Jaime's bathtub scene was brilliant, at the end when he fell and Brienne caught him and yelled "Kingslayer" melodramatically...I thought it was forced and awkward.
2229	teemo	2013-04-29	TIE-RELL. Make up your mind already Tywin!Last week people were insisting when he said "tuh-rell" he was correcting Cersei's "tie-rell."  apparently not.Although Jaime's bathtub scene was brilliant, at the end when he fell and Brienne caught him and yelled "Kingslayer" melodramatically...I thought it was forced and awkward.yes, that felt very bizarre...i know a few people who commented on that actually.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 29 April 2013 - 05:03 PM.
2230	Ser Luke.	2013-04-29	Only bad thing this Ep: Loras. I mean, come on.
"When the sun has set, no candle can replace it" 
Did the writer even realize what this means?
2231	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	I thought it was quite obviously a body double.  After reading some things on here though, maybe I'm wrong...I know GC is super pretty IRL, that body just didn't look like hers.But why would they even use one? It's not like she has a problem with nudity. There are full on nudity photo's of her on the internet. We only see her in the manly armor in the show so we don't really get to see her body.
2232	teemo	2013-04-29	But why would they even use one? It's not like she has a problem with nudity. There are full on nudity photo's of her on the internet. We only see her in the manly armor in the show so we don't really get to see her body.It was the angle they shot it at that made me really think it was a body double, I think...I guess I have to go back.  That's why I said I think the forum changed my mind on it.
2233	The squid that squints	2013-04-29	I found the whole Karstark situation so ridiculous, he should've been much more obviously drunk or something it's like he just randomly snapped with no previous really, and then the whole trial was painful I thought, and then HALF the army left... WHAT?
 Although I had no problem with the Tyrion stuff, most of the darker side was all in his head iirc
2234	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-29	Actually blonde Shireen is a pretty freaking big deal, considering one of the biggest plot devices of season one was the fact that true born Baratheons are never, ever blonde.
2235	Foune	2013-04-29	I didn't really mind Loras hooking up, I mean how many months has it been since he last was with Renly? He's gonna get blueballs after awhile, and I have no idea how easy it is for homosexual people to hook up in a society where that sexuality is distained and perhaps outlawed, finding a single man in a such a society must has been quite a find for him.
But I agree about Olenna, I mean she was awesome the first 3 episodes, but if they're gonna spam scenes where she meets every intellectual person in King's Landing and own them everytime they're just gonna ruin her character, we could at least see her with her guards Left and Right.
I didn't like the baby jars thing either, that could have fitted in on maybe Lysa Arryn because she is already half-mental about her lost babies, but I can't see how Stannis could abide by her own wife having her stillborns in jar's in her own bedroom! Stannis is also showing alot of emotion when talking with his wife and daughter, I don't even know if there's a single scene in the book where he actually talks to her daughter or is in the same room with her, not sure if I actually like this new daddy Stannis or the Iron Stannis better.
Yes and the Karstark thing, I mean really? Karstark half the stark forces? What happend with the Mallisters, Flint, Cerwyn, Umber, White Harbor (forgot the house name), an many more? I mean does House Bolton really count for nothing compared to Karstark? Robb lost the war because he made a grievous error against House Frey and was dumb enough to walk into the trap of a madman, Karstark only added to the problem but it was nowhere this grievous. If Karstark is gonna represent half the north then the rest of the northern houses might aswell be useless.
And finally, Grey Worm, I imagined him looking about more a hardened warrior than a teenage boy, judging by all the Unsullied's bodies they all seem like very young men, I don't remember if they even had elder soldiers with them in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Foune, 29 April 2013 - 05:15 PM.
2236	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	I HATE THAT THERE'S NO PATCHFACE.
2237	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	I'm gonna write up a whole essay on the gothic story of stannis' family when im not so tired
2238	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT LOVED THE FETUS ROOM?It was PURE Gothic horror! Stannis Baratheon's family is pure a Gothic story. We have the crazed, passionate but unloved wife, the disfigured child in the shadows, the foreign cultist and the terrifying half-wit mumbling prophecies that come true living in a big, dark gloomy Castle.(BTW WHERE THE FUCK WAS PATCHFACE???? THAT PISSE ME OFF)) so it works really, really well.Maybe i'm morbid, but I thought it was fucking ace.I love Patchface! Give me Patchface, and I'll be singing and dancing like him. But pickled babies on the other hand..............meehhh ughh just /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
2239	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	I'm gonna write up a whole essay on the gothic story of stannis' family when im not so tiredThe dragonstone scenes are straight out of a gothic novel indeed. It's great.
2240	Jenny-of-Oldstones	2013-04-29	Ned and Jon say "seven hells" in the books. IIRC some other Northerners too.My bad! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2241	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Beric's resurrection.
Nobody has mentioned it. Am I the only one who didn't like it?
2242	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	Beric's resurrection.Nobody has mentioned it. Am I the only one who didn't like it?I expected something a little more uhm, flamboyant, but it's pretty much how it happened in the books, no?
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 29 April 2013 - 05:23 PM.
2243	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	Beric's resurrection.Nobody has mentioned it. Am I the only one who didn't like it?Yeah, I wasn't crazy about it either. Zero suspense.
2244	Foune	2013-04-29	Beric's resurrection.Nobody has mentioned it. Am I the only one who didn't like it?Well it happend just like it happend in the book to my viewing at least.
2245	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	I expected something a little more uhm, flamboyant, but it's pretty much how it happened in the books, no?Well, IIRC the people where more like OOOOHHHHH!!! when he died. In the show only Arya and Sandor. In the books Thoros (and Lem I think) took Beric to some other part of the cave where nobody could see, like if they where going to put his body aside to be buried later or something. Then after a while Beric comes back talking, moving and ALIVE!! That was more shocking. Besides, we didn't know what Thoros did, which made it more enigmatic and mysterious. In the show it happens in the middle of the cave, Arya didn't see, Sandor didn't see, WE didn't see, but SOMEONE must have seen it. and again people didn't show many emotions or surprise. Also, Thoros just sings and prays to bring him back, really? that's it?
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 29 April 2013 - 05:34 PM.
2246	Khal Pono	2013-04-29	my nitpick is with the opening credits.  Why did they show Yunkai when the dialogue/plot didn't even mention that there's a city called Yunkai.  Aren't they marching between cities in this episode?  Don't they usual show the location in the opening credits when they actually show the location?
2247	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	I love Patchface! Give me Patchface, and I'll be singing and dancing like him. But pickled babies on the other hand..............meehhh ughh just /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />WHY COULDN'T THEY HAVE BOTH?I love Patchface.
2248	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-29	Sorry, but I really didn't like Pathface. I always read those parts only for the sake of reading. I share the opinion above that Beric's resurrection wasn't sufficiently shocking. And I skipped the Ygritte/Snow part, simply, because I hate these type of scenes, but here I am nitpicking the book. However, I also think this relationship wasn't properly motivated.
2249	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	WHY COULDN'T THEY HAVE BOTH?I love Patchface.Fine, give me Patchface and I'll happily accept the pickled babies /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  but no Patchface and jar-babies instead? unforgivable!
2250	Birdsong65	2013-04-29	The Queen of Thornes was a breath of fresh air, initially, but really it's becoming very cliche at this point.  I shouldn't be surprised given that the initial description she gives herself is "decrepit" thus, what to do with her screen time (?) outside of allowing her to suck the IQ points from everyone she comes into contact with using blunt and direct truths obvious to everyone, and speak poetically of "farts" and fig induced bowel movements as filler.  Charming.  Seriously, on this show, women are either seriously fuck-able, or mothers.  It's hardly what I personally view as "girl power," but whatever, to each his own.So, I just want to make sure I've got this straight----I've been privvy to untold amounts of boobs, vaginas, naked contortionists, girl on girl action, nipple shaving of two different varieties, butts, near rapes, etc., but the only full on frontal cock belongs to a no name actor playing a gay squire/prostitute.  That about right?  Okay.  So, thanks.Yeah, Robb, just your wife was right when she told you not to kill Karstark.  Shocking that those loyal troops would leave the building.  Jesus, but he's coming off as such a tool.  Props to Michelle Fairley, though, who looks quite stunning w/her loose hair all wrapped up in misery.  Casterly Rock?  What the fucking fuck?  But, as someone already pointed out, that point is mute.  Mr. Birdsong spoke up to inform TVRobb to stop listening to that woman "with the really long face."  I give him a pass, though, because he's unsullied, and just a girl ignorant to the ways of war.I liked the jar babies, but not the admission that it was perfectly ok with Selyse that Stannis continue fucking Mel.  And his failure to admit to the shadow baby death machine, or maybe he did?  These two as parents, comic gold.  Naming stillborns floating in jars and telling your 8 year old that her favorite knight is locked up in a dungeon and no he can't come out and play.  Literally, Mr. Birdsong turned to me and asked if this was intended to be funny, and, as mentioned earlier, he's unsullied.Tywin smackdown was all kinds of win.  Just W-I-N.  Period.Bolton, the brief moment bestowed on us to make more room for the "remember Loras is gay reiteration scenes," was appropriately creepy, and I look forward to a Bolton/Jaime scene in the future.Agree that Tyrion has been completely whitewashed, but perhaps this is to allow for more shock value as to his actions in the future.Loved Shireen's Patchface song during the credits.I felt the Jaime/Brienne scene was the most not to be missed segment, as in, if you could only watch a few minutes, that scene is it.  Quite well done, IMO.Jon/Ygrette cave scene, by contrast, <meh>  Perhaps there was so much fan excitement/anticipation over/for "the lord's kiss" that for me it lacked anything new in a way that the bath scene did not.  But, admittedly, I'm not, nor have I ever been, a Jon Snow fan.  I'm also not particularly a Jaime fan either, but the bath scene didn't fall so, I don't know, flat, IMO.  This could all be different if Catelyn could have loved Jon Snow.  Such is the nature of adaptations....Overall, I'd watch it again. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2251	mafalda	2013-04-29	The Queen of Thornes was a breath of fresh air, initially, but really it's becoming very cliche at this point.  I shouldn't be surprised given that the initial description she gives herself is "decrepit" thus, what to do with her screen time (?) outside of allowing her to suck the IQ points from everyone she comes into contact with using blunt and direct truths obvious to everyone, and speak poetically of "farts" and fig induced bowel movements as filler.  Charming.  Seriously, on this show, women are either seriously fuck-able, or mothers.  It's hardly what I personally view as "girl power," but whatever, to each his own.So, I just want to make sure I've got this straight----I've been privvy to untold amounts of boobs, vaginas, naked contortionists, girl on girl action, nipple shaving of two different varieties, butts, near rapes, etc., but the only full on frontal cock belongs to a no name actor playing a gay squire/prostitute.  That about right?  Okay.  So, thanks.Yeah, Robb, just your wife was right when she told you not to kill Karstark.  Shocking that those loyal troops would leave the building.  Jesus, but he's coming off as such a tool.  Props to Michelle Fairley, though, who looks quite stunning w/her loose hair all wrapped up in misery.  Casterly Rock?  What the fucking fuck?  But, as someone already pointed out, that point is mute.  Mr. Birdsong spoke up to inform TVRobb to stop listening to that woman "with the really long face."  I give him a pass, though, because he's unsullied, and just a girl ignorant to the ways of war.I liked the jar babies, but not the admission that it was perfectly ok with Selyse that Stannis continue fucking Mel.  And his failure to admit to the shadow baby death machine, or maybe he did?  These two as parents, comic gold.  Naming stillborns floating in jars and telling your 8 year old that her favorite knight is locked up in a dungeon and no he can't come out and play.  Literally, Mr. Birdsong turned to me and asked if this was intended to be funny, and, as mentioned earlier, he's unsullied.Tywin smackdown was all kinds of win.  Just W-I-N.  Period.Bolton, the brief moment bestowed on us to make more room for the "remember Loras is gay reiteration scenes," was appropriately creepy, and I look forward to a Bolton/Jaime scene in the future.Agree that Tyrion has been completely whitewashed, but perhaps this is to allow for more shock value as to his actions in the future.Loved Shireen's Patchface song during the credits.I felt the Jaime/Brienne scene was the most not to be missed segment, as in, if you could only watch a few minutes, that scene is it.  Quite well done, IMO.Jon/Ygrette cave scene, by contrast, <meh>  Perhaps there was so much fan excitement/anticipation over/for "the lord's kiss" that for me it lacked anything new in a way that the bath scene did not.  But, admittedly, I'm not, nor have I ever been, a Jon Snow fan.  I'm also not particularly a Jaime fan either, but the bath scene didn't fall so, I don't know, flat, IMO.  This could all be different if Catelyn could have loved Jon Snow.  Such is the nature of adaptations....Overall, I'd watch it again. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I just wanted to tell you how much your post made me laugh! And I agree with everything, except for i personally hated the creepy jar baby thing. I can't remember but was Selyse this much of a whacko in the books too?Also, we can't forget about Theon's full frontal in Season 1 /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Anyways, onto my gripes about this one..Jar babiesThe Queen of Thorns continuing to cite poetryStannis' beardThe little girl who plays Shireen was magnificent, but the fact that she is blonde does kind of bug me.Kit's acting. Lately I've been saying that Jon Snow is just a flat character, but during last night's episode I decided that it has to do with Kit's acting too. At least he's nice to look at. That whole scene fell flat imo.Can't remember what else. I usually rewatch it the very next morning On Demand but effing comcast has not put it up yet, and my DVR is dead as Ned. But I did overall enjoy the episode.
2252	Ran	2013-04-29	I'm blanking -- what poetry was the Queen of Thorns quoting or alluding to in her scene?
2253	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	WHY COULDN'T THEY HAVE BOTH?I love Patchface.A completely tattooed jester with bells in his hat hopping from one foot to another spouting nonsense would look ridiculously stupid on television. I'm glad they don't include any fools since everything they do is completely impossible and sort of stupid. Just picturing Stannis near a fool would be lol.
2254	Dove	2013-04-29	A completely tattooed jester with bells in his hat hopping from one foot to another spouting nonsense would look ridiculously stupid on television. I'm glad they don't include any fools since everything they do is completely impossible and sort of stupid. Just picturing Stannis near a fool would be lol.Commence the teeth-grinding. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />The only thing that makes me a little sad about losing Patchface is losing the story of his drowning, it was just so weird and great. Also it was kind of adorable that papa and mama Baratheon got a fool specifically to try and "teach Stannis to laugh", hahaha.
2255	mafalda	2013-04-29	I'm blanking -- what poetry was the Queen of Thorns quoting or alluding to in her scene?Lol, sorry. We were saying how she tends to speak very poetically, especially about trivial things like farts and chamberpots and such.
2256	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Commence the teeth-grinding. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />The only thing that makes me a little sad about losing Patchface is losing the story of his drowning, it was just so weird and great. Also it was kind of adorable that papa and mama Baratheon got a fool specifically to try and "teach Stannis to laugh", hahaha.Now that you mention it I'm actually almost sad they don't have Patchface just so I can see Stannis' reaction to him.
2257	Reposado	2013-04-29	Well it happend just like it happend in the book to my viewing at least.Sorta, just not teally well done. It wasnt clear that he actually died until the later scene where they explained it
2258	shiola	2013-04-29	Jon and  Ygritte's scene seemed to happen way fast and come out of nowhere.  It was more playful than the meaningful tone I got from it in the books
2259	Dove	2013-04-29	One last little 'pick, I think I would've liked Karstark's execution more if it had taken two swings instead of one. I get that between the rain and the music they were trying to mirror the Theon-Cassel scene and establish "fuckups do it like this, non-fuckups do it like this" but I think it would've been more meaningful if it hadn't been one, clean strike.I think the only reason the others got away with one strike wasn't because they were grown, but because they had Valyrian steel.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 09:23 PM.
2260	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	One last little 'pick, I think I would've liked Karstark's execution more if it had taken two swings instead of one. I get that between the rain and the music they were trying to mirror the Theon-Cassel scene and establish "fuckups do it like this, non-fuckups do it like this" but I think it would've been more meaningful if it hadn't been one, clean strike.I think the only reason the others got away with one strike wasn't because they were grown, but because they had Valyrian steel.Robb's already been marked for death by basically everyone, so it was ok to have a single scene where he did something correctly, if you could put it that way. We don't need more reminders that Robb is struggling.
2261	shiola	2013-04-29	I don't even know where Winterfell is.I don't even know where Winterfell is.I don't even know where Winterfell is.
2262	Golden Direwolfs Companion	2013-04-29	It's been said but blonde Shireen bothered me more than anything. The little girl did a great job but can they not get her a wig? Her hair color is weakening her father's claim to the throne.
Jon/Ygritte cave scene was ok but it didn't have the right tone. I pictured Jon more nervous/ unsure.
					
					
							Edited by golden direwolfs companion, 29 April 2013 - 10:18 PM.
2263	shiola	2013-04-29	I am so totally over the QoT
2264	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	Where is Robb's crown?! He better be wearing a crown on episode 9! We need to have Lady Stoneheart clutching that crown!!!
2265	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	A completely tattooed jester with bells in his hat hopping from one foot to another spouting nonsense would look ridiculously stupid on television. I'm glad they don't include any fools since everything they do is completely impossible and sort of stupid. Just picturing Stannis near a fool would be lol.Commence the teeth-grinding. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />The only thing that makes me a little sad about losing Patchface is losing the story of his drowning, it was just so weird and great. Also it was kind of adorable that papa and mama Baratheon got a fool specifically to try and "teach Stannis to laugh", hahaha.Patchface's story is great! Also, you have to admit that his "I know, I know, oh! oh!" is just hilarious and brilliant!Now that you mention it I'm actually almost sad they don't have Patchface just so I can see Stannis' reaction to him.See... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2266	Juliads	2013-04-30	with only one viewing so far, my main complaint would probably not having the hound get burned again, along with his emotional breakdown that came afterwards.  Why do they only give us a silent giant who's great with a sword?  Sandor in the books was anything but quiet...Tyrion's angst over marrying Sansa pissed me off.  Such concern he displayed for her was not in the books.  Thanks for whitewashing him again creators! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />He liked the idea of a token pretty wife, all that land he would own, and just assumed some kind words would erase all that his family had done to her- I want to see that Tyrion on the show, dammit!
2267	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	Actually blonde Shireen is a pretty freaking big deal, considering one of the biggest plot devices of season one was the fact that true born Baratheons are never, ever blonde.Yes, it is really inconsistent. They could have just given her a dark wig, I would not have been that hard to do. I don't mind Loras, I think it is realistic that he doesn't remain celibate. They could have added some scene somewhere in this season in which they show him grieving though.I really dislike this whole Robb mess. Planning to take Casterly Rock? Talisa bugs me in every scene she is in.
2268	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-30	How do you know it's a body double?I think it's really Gwendoline Christie, she is quite an attractive woman you know.I don't know for sure, but the way they shot it made me think it is. Doesn't really change the point of my nitpick. I'm just really afraid that they are changing Brienne into one of those "that girl seems ugly, but with the right clothes and make up she'll be pretty" clichAs.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Hornwood, 30 April 2013 - 12:57 AM.
2269	Currawong	2013-04-30	I don't know for sure, but the way they shot it made me think it is. Doesn't really change the point of my nitpick. I'm just really Affair that they are changing Brienne into one of those "that girl seems ugly, but with the right clothes and make up she'll be pretty" clichAs.  I don't think they are doing that - GC has been training hard for the role and certainly has no need of any body double!  See for example:   http://pics.wikifeet...Feet-838199.jpg    My only teeny, tiny nitpick was that her hair looked slightly too 'groomed' for someone sitting and scrubbing herself in a steamy tub!   Or at east they have really good hairspray or styling mousse in those Harrenhal baths ...
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 30 April 2013 - 12:52 AM.
2270	The Pain Yak	2013-04-30	Would it really have been so hard to show Frey forces who had been fighting with Robb storming off in a rage earlier in the season, trampling the Stark direwolf as they went, to make it clear the Freys aren't 'the only neutral faction left in Westeros' or whatever but a force which has been allied to the Starks from nearly the start, shedding blood and risking a great deal for his cause? For example, during the precious time they decided to use for Pod the Sex God instead?
Instead, this episode confirmed that all the Freys offered Robb really was just one-time passage over their bridge. That kind of annoys me. I much prefer the events to come when you can sympathize somewhat with the Freys and their grievance against Robb.
Also, as I think someone may have commented on WiC, Karstark supplying half the northern army seems excessive in the extreme.
					
					
							Edited by The Pain Yak, 30 April 2013 - 01:03 AM.
2271	Sun	2013-04-30	I am so totally over the QoTYes. She's extremely one-tone.
2272	Batman	2013-04-30	Th body double they hired for Brienne was far too hot. Seriously, if Brienne had a waistline and hips like that, her story would be quite different.  If they couldn't find a muscular, masculine woman who is willing to get naked for money, they could have just hired a clean shaved guy to do it.Think it was a body double? She has posed naked before, why would she refuse now?
2273	Batman	2013-04-30	Tormund is not funny, he has no bullshit stories or joy in anything, really. He is just another false badass, trying hard to seem intimidating. Waste of a fun characterSelyse is storing her dead children in jar's. Also, NO MUSTACHE!Jon Snow's story is rushed, sloppy and pretty much ruined.They waste so much time on things that are so meaningless. Bad enough wasting time on Podrick and the whores, they had to call back to it this week? Jon Snow's story suffers and they want to go on and on about Podrick's talents? Wheres that headbanging emoticon? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  There we go!Emilia Clarkes acting has never been great (in my opinion). This is becoming more difficult to handle as the story goes on.Missandei. Why did they feel the need to age her up? I have never loved Dany, but it was sweet to read about her looking after a little girl who has no one else. Why should I care about that character now?Robbs war. The Karstarks are resaponsible for half his army? He wants to take Casterly Rock while the Greyjoys pillage and burn the North?Loras moving on so quickly from Renly. Loras has few redeeming qualities (Renly has fewer than that). But his loyalty and love for Renly was one of them.Apparently Littlefinger needs Cersei to tell him to make his moves now. Cersei is the unintelligent one, Littlefinger the master game player.Why is Ygritte so attached to Jon Snow? In the books there was a build up. Here it feels like they have just tossed them together and expected the audience to accept it. No tales by the fire, no sweet flirting, no endearing qualities they share with one another.Selyse's seeming indifference to Shireen.
2274	Batman	2013-04-30	I'd also prefer the QOT to be older, you know more wizened. With a cane, more wrinkles and a different voice pitch. Like an annoyed old grandmother. She can still be intelligent and crafty but on the outside thats what I saw.
2275	The Pain Yak	2013-04-30	Missandei. Why did they feel the need to age her up? I have never loved Dany, but it was sweet to read about her looking after a little girl who has no one else. Why should I care about that character now?This one I understand. Missandei in the books is 10 years old. How many 10 year old (or around that age) actresses do you think there are out there who can spend entire scenes translating a constructed language convincingly?
					
					
							Edited by The Pain Yak, 30 April 2013 - 01:17 AM.
2276	Words of Winter	2013-04-30	I don't even know where Winterfell is.I don't even know where Winterfell is.I don't even know where Winterfell is.I believe it's in the south near Dorne. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I didn't catch Shireen's hair color until someone said something.  Now I can't imagine what were they thinking.  Hello, go to drug store an pick up some dye or a wig.  I doesn't have to be charcoal black but it cannot be blonde.
2277	Batman	2013-04-30	This one I understand. Missandei in the books is 10 years old. How many 10 year old (or around that age) actresses do you think there are out there who can spend entire scenes translating a constructed language convincingly?I dont know, they have had a lot of success finding good child actors, so far. Maisie Williams is brilliant, Sophie Turner does Sansa well and Kerry Ingram is everything Shireen should be. I call cop out.
2278	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Tormund is not funny, he has no bullshit stories or joy in anything, really. He is just another false badass, trying hard to seem intimidating. Waste of a fun characterCalling Tormund fun because he never stops talking about his knob is just as bad as calling Vargo Hoat fun because he has a lisp. I suppose you would have liked Tormund, back in episode 1, to tell Jon "Hey, a traitor crow! ME MEMBER ME MEMBER HAR ME MEMBER HAR HAR", rather than being suspicious and intimidating. And I imagine those who found the Goat funny to be all "Ahah! Captith! Thappireth! Ah, the wanker does not know how to talk! Ahah! Thappireth again! Classic!"Plain bad.
2279	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	Missendei will double as Dany's human vibrator on the show-a role that Irri undertook in the books, hence the aging up.
2280	The Pain Yak	2013-04-30	Missendei will double as Dany's human vibrator on the show-a role that Irri undertook in the books, hence the aging up.That scene was pretty throwaway in the books and didn't advance the plot much, but it did feature Dany being fingered by one of her handmaidens. I'm guessing you're right and they'll keep it in.
2281	Batman	2013-04-30	Calling Tormund fun because he never stops talking about his knob is just as bad as calling Vargo Hoat fun because he has a lisp. I suppose you would have liked Tormund, back in episode 1, to tell Jon "Hey, a traitor crow! ME MEMBER ME MEMBER HAR ME MEMBER HAR HAR", rather than being suspicious and intimidating. And I imagine those who found the Goat funny to be all "Ahah! Captith! Thappireth! Ah, the wanker does not know how to talk! Ahah! Thappireth again! Classic!"Plain bad.Its what made his character unique, now he's bland and boring. He was a blowhard who loved to tell bullshit tall tales. I dont get the change and I dont see why its needed. Hawkman could play suspicious well enough, why take away some levity.How did you get from Tormund to Vargo Hoat? You're talking about finding humour in a mans disability and I am saying there is humour to be found in Tormounds ridiculous tall tales.
2282	Batman	2013-04-30	That scene was pretty throwaway in the books and didn't advance the plot much, but it did feature Dany being fingered by one of her handmaidens. I'm guessing you're right and they'll keep it in.Sex before emotion? Sounds like the producers.
2283	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	There's probably a reason for that. Having spent a year in the Finnish Defence Forces, I am very aware that even a week spent in a frozen forest is going to leave you covered with filth. Wildlings don't even get sauna/hot showers in between.When Jon decided to plunge straight at the unwashed and unshaven crotch of a barbarian woman the moment he saw her get naked, I decided he's the bravest character of them all. Or the foulest.hehe i also had a few issues with that. 'oh lets get totally naked in a shallow freezing cave drenched in icy water and go swimming' maybe we are meant to think it was a hotspring pool, in which case wouldnt all the wildlings in their group be huddled up in there for the warmth, not very romantic, but oh well. also every scene to do with beyond the wall as been rushed to such a point it basicly ruins it. it seems like Ygritte is just really clingy after sex, rather than actually being in love with Jon, and Jon him self is just like 'aww yeah i just wanna have sex with u' grr their whole relationship -and the ending-  was one of my fave things from the book, very bitter sweet. they seem to enjoy screwing with Jons story. the way theyve depicted him now the whole LC thing is gonna seem so out of the blue and stupid.. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />that being said im really happy with this episode, i loved the bath scene, very happy with that!another nit-pick, why Loras, not only his really gay scene (i have so issue with homosexuality, but my god they really seem to be just rubbing it right in our faces) but also they marrages involving loras, he's meant to be a knight of the kings guard and not the first born son either, its not hard to just say 'oh the tyrell have another son who is heir' grr
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 30 April 2013 - 02:01 AM.
2284	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Its what made his character unique, now he's bland and boring. He was a blowhard who loved to tell bullshit tall tales. I dont get the change and I dont see why its needed. Hawkman could play suspicious well enough, why take away some levity.How did you get from Tormund to Vargo Hoat? You're talking about finding humour in a mans disability and I am saying there is humour to be found in Tormounds ridiculous tall tales.I don't find neither of them funny, this is how I got to Vargo. I just think that laughing at a man's lisp is just as silly as laughing at a man's knob-talk. But I don't want to sound offensive to those who actually did laugh. I apologize for being rude.
2285	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	Its what made his character unique, now he's bland and boring. He was a blowhard who loved to tell bullshit tall tales. I dont get the change and I dont see why its needed. Hawkman could play suspicious well enough, why take away some levity.How did you get from Tormund to Vargo Hoat? You're talking about finding humour in a mans disability and I am saying there is humour to be found in Tormounds ridiculous tall tales. agreed Tormund was great i really liked his character in the books, but in the tv show im kinda just like 'yawn' i really hope they try fix him up in the next couple episodes, at least give us a joke or stupid story, or one meantion of his member.with out comic relief the wildlings all just seem dull angry and boring.. WHYY they where my fave
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 30 April 2013 - 02:06 AM.
2286	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	I don't find neither of them funny, this is how I got to Vargo. I just think that laughing at a man's lisp is just as silly as laughing at a man's knob-talk. But I don't want to sound offensive to those who actually did laugh. I apologize for being rude.i feel their is a differance between laughing at some ones lisp, and laughing at the way someone makes up silly stories, that he surly couldnt expect us to actually believe. the stories them selves where quite entertaining
2287	Batman	2013-04-30	I don't find neither of them funny, this is how I got to Vargo. I just think that laughing at a man's lisp is just as silly as laughing at a man's knob-talk. But I don't want to sound offensive to those who actually did laugh. I apologize for being rude.If you dont find that sort of talk funny that is fine but there are a lot of people who do. Kevin Smith, Judd Apatow and Seth Rogan have made a living off of it. They can both be equally unfunny to some but ones a disability that a lot of people have and are self conscious about and the other is just a guy expressing his sense of humour. I dont think you were trying to be rude and I was not offended, I just thought the analogy was off. I am glad that it did'nt bother you, I probably am in the minority but I was fond of that character.
2288	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	If you dont find that sort of talk funny that is fine but there are a lot of people who do. Kevin Smith, Judd Apatow and Seth Rogan have made a living off of it. They can both be equally unfunny to some but ones a disability that a lot of people have and are self conscious about and the other is just a guy expressing his sense of humour. I dont think you were trying to be rude and I was not offended, I just thought the analogy was off. I am glad that it did'nt bother you, I probably am in the minority but I was fond of that character.Ahah, to be honest, all people who come from my area speak with a very unusual and strange sounding lisp! But I have always found jokes about it very funny (and true). I just wanted to say that, if Tormund's jokes appeared so early in the series, they would have sounded wierd (and would have made him look like a fool); why be so immediately cheerful with someone you don't trust? That said, if Tormund starts making knob jokes from now on, that would work perfectly.
2289	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-30	I don't like how Catelyn has been pushed into the background to make room for Talisa.
2290	Batman	2013-04-30	Ahah, to be honest, all people who come from my area speak with a very unusual and strange sounding lisp! But I have always found jokes about it very funny (and true). I just wanted to say that, if Tormund's jokes appeared so early in the series, they would have sounded wierd (and would have made him look like a fool); why be so immediately cheerful with someone you don't trust? That said, if Tormund starts making knob jokes from now on, that would work perfectly.I could deal with that. There are some people who are just that outgoing that they will say those things to someone they just met. I dont see why he could not just be a lay back guy who is comfortable enough to say whatever he wants to whoever he wants. He is a wildling and there is Mance and Hawkeye to keep an eye on him.
2291	Batman	2013-04-30	I don't like how Catelyn has been pushed into the background to make room for Talisa.Ah, but remember, Talisa gets her gear off. That is very, VERY important to the producers and will overule talent.
2292	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	I could deal with that. There are some people who are just that outgoing that they will say those things to someone they just met. I dont see why he could not just be a lay back guy who is comfortable enough to say whatever he wants to whoever he wants. He is a wildling and there is Mance and Hawkeye to keep an eye on him.You may be right. Personally I've liked this version of Tormund, until now. But I also think the time is ripe for him to lighten up.
2293	zaphodbrx	2013-04-30	They changed Aerys last words
"The traitors want my city, but I'll give them naught but ashes. Let him be king over charred bones and cooked meat"
to
"Burn them all"
It's okay I guess.. I just like Martin's version more
2294	teemo	2013-04-30	Vargo Hoat is really funny imo...
I agree, Jon Snow's storyline could use some comic relief in it.  Tormund is not really memorable in the show.
2295	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Vargo Hoat is really funny imo...I never laughed, not even once. What I found funny was the trick used by Martin to "write" his lisp. That was creative indeed.
2296	teemo	2013-04-30	I never laughed, not even once. What I found funny was the trick used by Martin to "write" his lisp. That was creative indeed.I didn't laugh my first time reading because he just creeped me out so bad and I was dying to know what happened, but after a couple re-reads and knowing what was coming I started to find him a little amusing.  Probably because of how GRRM wrote him.  I think he's meant to be a little amusing in a twisted way.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 03:13 AM.
2297	Gemma	2013-04-30	Tyrion's angst over marrying Sansa pissed me off.  Such concern he displayed for her was not in the books.  Thanks for whitewashing him again creators! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />He liked the idea of a token pretty wife, all that land he would own, and just assumed some kind words would erase all that his family had done to her- I want to see that Tyrion on the show, dammit!It was in the book, actually. My memory of the scene was foggy but I re-read it after watching the episode and was actually surprised by how much of what Tyrion said on the show seemed to be pulled directly from the book:<U+0080><U+009C>His Grace the royal pustule has made Sansa<U+0080><U+0099>s life a misery since the day her father died, and now that she is finally rid of Joffrey you propose to marry her to me. That seems singularly cruel. Even for you, Father.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Why, do you plan to mistreat her?<U+0080><U+009D> His father sounded more curious than concerned. <U+0080><U+009C>The girl<U+0080><U+0099>s happiness is not my purpose, nor should it be yours. Our alliances in the south may be as solid as Casterly Rock, but there remains the north to win, and the key to the north is Sansa Stark.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>She is no more than a child.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Your sister swears she<U+0080><U+0099>s flowered. If so, she is a woman, fit to be wed. You must needs take her maidenhead, so no man can say the marriage was not consummated. After that, if you prefer to wait a year or two before bedding her again, you would be within your rights as her husband.<U+0080><U+009D>Shae is all the woman I need just now, he thought, and Sansa<U+0080><U+0099>s a girl, no matter what you say. - Storm of SwordsTyrion even suggests that they give Sansa back to her family as a way to convince Robb to bend the knee - which was not in the show.So yeah, Tyrion is far from a saint but in this instance they were true to his character. He did express these concerns and protests to Tywin in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Gemma, 30 April 2013 - 03:16 AM.
2298	teemo	2013-04-30	I think a lot of people forget that because of the almost sex scene.
2299	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	also i know people have al ready mentioned this, but the Karstarks being such a huge amount of Robbs forces, what the?
2300	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Calling Tormund fun because he never stops talking about his knob is just as bad as calling Vargo Hoat fun because he has a lisp. I suppose you would have liked Tormund, back in episode 1, to tell Jon "Hey, a traitor crow! ME MEMBER ME MEMBER HAR ME MEMBER HAR HAR", rather than being suspicious and intimidating. And I imagine those who found the Goat funny to be all "Ahah! Captith! Thappireth! Ah, the wanker does not know how to talk! Ahah! Thappireth again! Classic!"Plain bad.Tormund spends every scene glaring as hard as possible at Jon, whether he's talking to him or no.  This episode he does the same thing, except he tells Jon that he "likes him".  Its just plain boring by now.And Tormund talking about his member isn't the only funny or entertaining thing about him, not even close.  You sure sound a little uptight with that post.
2301	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Robb Stark's storyline is dead to me.  All I do is endlessly ridicule him.
2302	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Tormund spends every scene glaring as hard as possible at Jon, whether he's talking to him or no.  This episode he does the same thing, except he tells Jon that he "likes him".  Its just plain boring by now.And Tormund talking about his member isn't the only funny or entertaining thing about him, not even close.  You sure sound a little uptight with that post.Yet all quotes and "funny jokes" about him on this forum have "Tormund's member" in them. WAY funny.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 06:03 AM.
2303	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	I think both Tormund and Mance have fallen a little flat - actually most of Jon's story arc this season has fallen flat.
There was some good parts in this episode, but not enough to make up for it. It seems so disjointed.
It actually makes me sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2304	kephv	2013-04-30	The continued whitewashing of Tyrion<U+0080><U+0094>he's definitely not going to kill Shae. Well, this may be too early too tell. He might come around to the marriage next episode. We'll see.
Jon's story is pretty flat. As is Tormund. I can't imagine that guy Haring at all. But maybe I'll be suprised.
Robb's story is pretty flat as well.
Still haven't named Dany's dragons! What the hell. Are we really supposed to believe a mother wouldn't name her children?
2305	mankytoes	2013-04-30	Loras not feeling that no candle could replace Renly pissed me off a lot. I suppose him being the heir to Highgarden takes away some pretty unnecessary characters though.
The pronounciation of Aegon as Egg-on. I always think of it as Ay-gone. I have no idea if I'm right but it sounds much better.
2306	Rapsie	2013-04-30	Robb Stark's storyline is dead to me.  All I do is endlessly ridicule him.That's funny, because that's what I thought the producers were doing. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2307	mafalda	2013-04-30	Why is poor Dany STILL wearing the same clothes? I've mentioned it a few times before but it's really starting to irritate me. Everyone else on the show has a different wardrobe, but she's been in that same tunic, (what looks like) jeans, and boots since the first episode. Did she not think to steal any clothes from XXD when she raided his house?
Even Missandei has changed and she was a slave all her life /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
But it was still a real surprise to see Dany.. the previews did not include her so I thought they would skip over her, so it was a good treat they didn't. She's my girl crush /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
Half of Robb's army were Karstark men? HALF?
Was it this obvious in the books that Robb is losing the war? When I was reading ASOS, I knew that marrying Jeyne was bad news but I never got the impression that he was losing... not this horribly anyway! Any chance the writers get to remind us that Robb is losing they take it! Just like they never miss an opportunity to say "Hey Joff is gonna die soon!"
The Jon/Ygritte scene was just whatever to me. I didn't like Ygritte in the books and don't care for her on the show either. Both Ygrittes are annoying to me. But the sex scene was very rushed..I did like the fast pacing of the entire episode but I feel like they should have slowed down on this one. What am I talking about, I don't even like her, they could have skipped the whole thing and I would have been fine!
My Onion Knight /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I know, I know, oh oh ohh!...
2308	mafalda	2013-04-30	Sorry about the double posting, but the Loras scene also really bugged me. Mere months after losing the love of his life he sleeps with some random, who was that a squire? he JUST met that same day. Right.
And please give Gwendoline Christie billing. If the actresses who play Shae and Ygritte get billing during the opening credits, I fully believe that Gwen should be up there with them. If not before them.
2309	Travy1991	2013-04-30	My one and only nitpick with the episode was Jon and Ygritte. I think both Kit Harrington and Rose Leslie have great chemistry and gave good performances but the fact that the Wildlings only had about 5 minutes of screen time this season didn't work. Jon and Ygritte maybe interacted once since the season began and that didn't make for a good set up in the show. Okay so the writers have been hitting us over the head with an anvil about Jon and Ygritte hooking up (it's even obvious to non-readers) but they didn't show any kind of flirtation or romance brewing between them since S2 when Jon had to spoon her! The romance between Jon and Ygritte was almost completely down to marketing outside the show rather than establishing a relationship within the show.
Count me in the minority who likes TV Tormund! I think the actor has a great voice/accent and a real rugged, other worldly quality about him. I love the books and think George is a great writer over all but I roll my eyes at the repetition of certain phrases in the book. I'm in no hurry to hear Tormund's "Hars!" and discussion about his "member".
As for the Shireen being blonde thing...meh, I can live with it. Sure, it would have been better if she were dark haired but you can easily fan wank it. A war started because Joffrey, Myrcella and Tommen all had golden hair while ROBERT's twenty or so bastard children all sported black hair. You can easily say there are a few blonde genes floating around in the Florent gene pool and the blonde got Shireen!
2310	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	A completely tattooed jester with bells in his hat hopping from one foot to another spouting nonsense would look ridiculously stupid on television. I'm glad they don't include any fools since everything they do is completely impossible and sort of stupid. Just picturing Stannis near a fool would be lol.Agree totally. Its the same with Hoat. I can't see how either could work without viewers thinking WTF am I watching?
2311	Travy1991	2013-04-30	And please give Gwendoline Christie billing. If the actresses who play Shae and Ygritte get billing during the opening credits, I fully believe that Gwen should be up there with them. If not before them.The billing is strange all right. It looks like we're going to have Brienne in most episodes this season so it's weird that people like James Cosmo (who got billing last season despite only appearing in three S2 episodes), Conleth Hill (he's brilliant but will probably only appear in a handful of episodes this season), Sibel Kikelli, Jerome Flynn and Joe Dempsie get billing over Brienne, a much more significant character. I'm sure Gwendoline will get billing next season though!
					
					
							Edited by Travy1991, 30 April 2013 - 08:38 AM.
2312	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	I don't like how Catelyn has been pushed into the background to make room for Talisa.This pisses me off so bad, especially as Fairley is such a great actress and Cat is amazing. Talisa is AWFUL.
2313	mafalda	2013-04-30	The billing is strange all right. It looks like we're going to have Brienne in most episodes this season so it's weird that people like James Cosmo (who got billing last season despite only appearing in three S2 episodes), Conleth Hill (he's brilliant but will probably only appear in a handful of episodes this season), Sibel Kikelli, Jerome Flynn and Joe Dempsie get billing over Brienne, a much more significant character. I'm sure Gwendoline will get billing next season though!Exactly! I always pay attention to the billing and think how weird it is. I so want her to get billing now. She's such a significant character and awesome actress!
2314	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	My one and only nitpick with the episode was Jon and Ygritte. I think both Kit Harrington and Rose Leslie have great chemistry and gave good performances but the fact that the Wildlings only had about 5 minutes of screen time this season didn't work. Jon and Ygritte maybe interacted once since the season began and that didn't make for a good set up in the show. Okay so the writers have been hitting us over the head with an anvil about Jon and Ygritte hooking up (it's even obvious to non-readers) but they didn't show any kind of flirtation or romance brewing between them since S2 when Jon had to spoon her! The romance between Jon and Ygritte was almost completely down to marketing outside the show rather than establishing a relationship within the show.I agree. Their relationship hasn't been developed very well but I believe Jon's characterization is one of the weakest given his importance in the series.
2315	Ajbc	2013-04-30	P.
2316	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I thought the Jon and Ygritte scene was a bit of a let down. I agree with people above that they have suffered from under exposure. Ygritte telling Jon she never wants to leave the cave was just...What you're in love now? You've only been together for a few minutes. I really loved Jon's arc in Storm. Perhaps Storm over three seasons would have been even better! And it would have given George more time to get Winds done.
2317	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	My one and only nitpick with the episode was Jon and Ygritte. I think both Kit Harrington and Rose Leslie have great chemistry and gave good performances but the fact that the Wildlings only had about 5 minutes of screen time this season didn't work. Jon and Ygritte maybe interacted once since the season began and that didn't make for a good set up in the show. Okay so the writers have been hitting us over the head with an anvil about Jon and Ygritte hooking up (it's even obvious to non-readers) but they didn't show any kind of flirtation or romance brewing between them since S2 when Jon had to spoon her! The romance between Jon and Ygritte was almost completely down to marketing outside the show rather than establishing a relationship within the show.....I was just talking about this on another thread but I agree with this. The build up before the season started led me to believe that Jon's story beyond the Wall was going to be a lot bigger than this. And I agree that it does seem to rely on marketing.I was saying on another thread that it feels like Jon and Ygritte only met a few days ago/ a week or so at them most, just because of the fact there is no build up, and hardly anytime spent on them or their relationship. It's so annoying. GrrrrAnyway, other nitpicks include:- Loras (need I say more?)- Robb not wanting to go North- Tormund - It's like the wind has changed and he is stuck with that face... also - just one 'Har!', one and I'd be a happy girl.There was so much good stuff in this episode (particularly Jaime and Breinne) but this episode still made me sadETA: @Tom Badgerlock - yes 3 season to do Storm would of been good
					
					
							Edited by Isildur's Mane, 30 April 2013 - 09:17 AM.
2318	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	This pisses me off so bad, especially as Fairley is such a great actress and Cat is amazing.Talisa is AWFUL.Now that you mention it, that scene with Robb overlooking the map could have been done with Catelyn. The real problem with Talissa is not her character, but the fact that she is supposed to be there only to remind the viewers that Robb betrayed the Freys. I am perfectly ok with a love story between the two (TV), but they should have emphasized more Robb's treason.
2319	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-30	Bad enough wasting time on Podrick and the whores, they had to call back to it this week? Jon Snow's story suffers and they want to go on and on about Podrick's talents?I believe it's supposed to be a running gag and will be referenced in every episode from now on.Next time in Essos, we will overhear two random whores discussing the extraordinary abilities of a certain squire from Westeros. It will be hilarious.
2320	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I believe it's supposed to be a running gag and will be referenced in every episode from now on.Wait, was it brought up this episode? I don't remember...I know it was brought up again in episode 4....
2321	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Now that you mention it, that scene with Robb overlooking the map could have been done with Catelyn. The real problem with Talissa is not her character, but the fact that she is supposed to be there only to remind the viewers that Robb betrayed the Freys. I am perfectly ok with a love story between the two (TV), but they should have emphasized more Robb's treason.Oh no. The real problem is definitely her character. She's so poorly written. I wouldn't have minded a character to replace all of Jeyne's family but one so poorly written and cliche as this? One that takes away a lot of Cat's good traits? Has too much screen time? Makes Robb look like a complete fool? Yeh, she's just terrible. http://asoiaf.wester...80#entry4383208I explain why here.
2322	Penguin king	2013-04-30	I believe it's supposed to be a running gag and will be referenced in every episode from now on.Next time in Essos, we will overhear two random whores discussing the extraordinary abilities of a certain squire from Westeros. It will be hilarious.When Howland Reed finally shows up in season 7 I believe his first words will be "Yes, I knew your father well, and I've many interesting stories to tell, but first let me tell you of the sexual prowess of a young squire called Poderick Payne"
2323	Birdsong65	2013-04-30	I'm not a fan of Jon Snow.  That said, the fact that they haven't bothered to develop any relationship between him and the wildlings is truly an epic failure.  Here we have Mance, the King Beyond the Wall, and aside from a brief dialogue about uniting people who hate each other against a common cause/threat, what exactly as viewers are we supposed to glean about this guy?  The failure is that TPTB haven't provided the merest foundation to any Jon/Mance association, and in the absence viewers aren't allowed the window into what makes Mance & Jon more similar than different, what makes their interactions fundamental in building Jon's character and informing future decisions.  Certainly, these can be addressed in future episodes, and it is my hope that they will be.  But, for me presently, the idea that Mance was never given anything, but earned it is a theme so in keeping with the Jon Snow plot line that I'm somewhat stunned more hasn't been provided on screen.  Jon must also earn everything because he remains so un-entitled to everything he is surrounded by, just as Thorne and Tyrion pointed out in S1.It's little segues into Loras is Gay (!) and Podrick and his Thunder Pud that put me in mind to all the lost threads, the important back stories, those elemental character building necessities that fall by the wayside to make room.It's a little nitpick, but huge for me since I really can't stand the Jon Snow trope.
2324	zaphodbrx	2013-04-30	I have to nitpick about a very annoying thing.
Every time Tywin ( or anyone else, really ) refers to Robb's army, they always call them 'twenty thousand unwashed northman'.
They totally ignore any type of battle casualties ( like you know, we saw 2000 men die straight out in the first season , and then subsequent battles, then a bunch more were murdered at harrenhall, etc ), and that the river lords and Freys have joined his army and they are not technically a 'northman'.
Now that he has lost half his army overnight ( LULZ ), I wonder what they will call it, ten thousand northman?
Oh and it really puts it into perspective how mad Robb was with Edmure after he WON his battle against the mountain and lost only ~200 men, and then in this episode he loses half his army.
Ah, the misadventures of Robb the moron.
2325	shiola	2013-04-30	My nonreading friends could not care less about Jon and the Wildlings
2326	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	My nonreading friends could not care less about Jon and the WildlingsAnd therein lies the the great failure of the season IMHO. My unsullied friends don't care at all for that story and if they do ask its about when do they get to see the 'zombies' again.Actually it could be said to be a failing of last season too. Lord Commander Mormont: Come on Jon lets go for a walk in the snow*walk walk walkLord Commander Mormont: Well Craster doesn't like you Jon, so lets go for a walk in the snow*walk walk walkLord Commander Mormont: Right we are going to camp here at the Fist. Jon, you go walking with Qhorin*walk walk walkQhorin: OK Jon, this is a Wildling. Kill her*walk walk walkQhorin: You didn't kill her? OK, kill me then*walk walk walkYgritte: Go in that tent JonMance: You're on our side? Good. Lets go for a walk in the snow.*walk walk walkYgritte: Wow Jon now we are in love!!!Season 1 Jon was seen as a BAMF by viewers, now his scenes are seen as a good time to check the phone for messages or wonder when the next 'Caleesy' scene will be (and I have seen that spelling as recently as today)
2327	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-30	This pisses me off so bad, especially as Fairley is such a great actress and Cat is amazing. Talisa is AWFUL.I'm not the biggest fan of Cat, but she has a purpose. Talisa is just there to interrupt poor Cat and show off her ass.
2328	'96Buck	2013-04-30	One thing that truly annoyed me was Beric's half-assed attempt to block hound's slash right before the end. It just didn't seem realistic. I'm hazy regarding the book , but I thought Beric was really close to offing Sandor but the hound managed to kill him only by shattering his sword through sheer strength and desperation.Yes, and that is what happened.  Sandor's overhead stroke sheared through Beric's blocking sword, and then his shoulder.
2329	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-30	The sword in the lord. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
When beric falls to his knees the sword is plunged halfway through his torso. Cut to peoples reactions & thoros rushing over and the sword has DISAPEERED. No one pulls it out of him, it's not on the ground just gone...
Baby jars were pretty jarring & took me out of the episode.
I didn't realize it at the time but yeh blond shireen...
2330	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Shireen is blond. What happened to Ned's "Baratheon: black of hair"? A war was started on the pretext of that little piece of evidence, ffs.I suppose Robert & Stannis's mother could have had recessive blonde and Stannis got it whereas Robert did not.  Assuming fairly simple Medelian genetics D(ark) b(lond), Robert as DD, all of his kids would be dark, whereas if Stannis were Db, he'd be dark but Shireen could be blonde.  Incidentally, Stannis is a DB, regardless. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2331	'96Buck	2013-04-30	Yeah, I know, that's why I accepted Ned's beheading and all with Valyrian.But comparing Karstark muscularity and Robb's... I just don't find it likely. Perhaps If you hit precisely between cranial 2 & 3... Well... meds student gonna meds you know... It's the same with the 'instant death by arrow in bowels'.But hey, nitpick withour repercussions, right? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Is the story better/worse/the same showing multi-hacks?  Viewers will come away thinking Rob is physically weak, which is not the proper takeaway from the scene.  So that is a good choice to subvert "realism" to storytelling.
2332	protar	2013-04-30	I've heard some nitpicking about Tyrion being whitewashed in the last scene this episode. I agree that he's been whitewashed in general but wasn't that his initial reaction in the books as well? Or am I misremembering?
2333	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I've heard some nitpicking about Tyrion being whitewashed in the last scene this episode. I agree that he's been whitewashed in general but wasn't that his initial reaction in the books as well? Or am I misremembering?It was very similar to the first part of that scene in the books, in that he rejects it as being cruel. but in the book, it continues and he actually starts to see it as an opportunity to further his ambition.
2334	protar	2013-04-30	It was very similar to the first part of that scene in the books, in that he rejects it as being cruel. but in the book, it continues and he actually starts to see it as an opportunity to further his ambition.I admit I'm in for a reread. And I certainly hope that they include that development later on (though I'm not hopeful.). Coming from a massive Tyrion fan I really don't like the simplification of Tyrion into a clever comic relief character.
2335	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	I admit I'm in for a reread. And I certainly hope that they include that development later on (though I'm not hopeful.). Coming from a massive Tyrion fan I really don't like the simplification of Tyrion into a clever comic relief character.Same here, and some of the Unsullied of the TWoP consider him "the purest definition of 'good, strong and kind'."
2336	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	I enjoyed absolutely everything about this episode, one of the best yet!
Have to say though, you guys did make me laugh pointing out the Shireen hair thing! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> It definitely didn't occur to me at the time but me and my brother did laugh when we saw that one!
2337	Roboginger	2013-04-30	The nitpick thread! yeah finally! but I don't know what to say... at this point there are just too many things.Well I'll start with some:1. The Hound not having his badass quote:"For the night is dark and full of terrors" - Thoros"This cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here" - The Hound2. Sandor not crying when he was burned by the fire.3. Whatever happened to the "when the sun has set, not canddle can replace it" Loras I knew and loved?4. Jon saying "Seven hells".5. Olenna.... enough! it's becoming annoying!6. Shireen is BLONDE!!!!!7. Tyrion's been extreme whitewashed I DONT LIKE IT!!! (and this is coming from a very big Tyrion fan!)ETA:8. Selyse...everything about her, specially the jar-babies and trying to not let Stannis see his own daughter.QOT it is getting annoying We get it she is feisty old ladyWhere are Tormund's Har!s !!!!???No mention of his Member at all, no Sense of humor at all /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2338	Dove	2013-04-30	Same here, and some of the Unsullied of the TWoP consider him "the purest definition of 'good, strong and kind'."Yikes. Did they really cut so much of his darker material? It's been ages since I've seen S2, I guess I should re-watch it soon because I don't remember his storyline much and I know book 2 Tyrion did some... interesting things.
2339	EnergeticCrab	2013-04-30	Selyse's baby thing is supposedly a substitution for the leeches that Mel burns to kill Joffery/Balon/Robb; king's blood and all.
2340	congokong	2013-04-30	Ugh, the show is a lost cause. But here are some nitpicks.WTF at the tank babies.Did Stannis go through a time machine before stepping into that room? Stannis is ruined anyway, but this is stupid.All these added scenes at King's Landing are awful.Thoros is the opposite of how he was in the books.He was one a drunkard, but that was before.Sandor did not get set ablaze. I also did not like how he mocked Arya when he won. It makes him far less sympathetic, but show Sandor is completely different from book Sandor.
2341	Roboginger	2013-04-30	Tormund spends every scene glaring as hard as possible at Jon, whether he's talking to him or no.  This episode he does the same thing, except he tells Jon that he "likes him".  Its just plain boring by now.And Tormund talking about his member isn't the only funny or entertaining thing about him, not even close.  You sure sound a little uptight with that post.I Agree, Tormund had a sense of humor and was laid back not some hard ass that just stares menacingly at people.
2342	congokong	2013-04-30	I Agree, Tormund had a sense of humor and was laid back not some hard ass that just stares menacingly at people.It's strange how much they are getting characters wrong. Renly was a similar case. He was much more laid back in the books yet was a hothead in season 2. Stannis, Shae, Thoros, Sandor, Cersei, Arya (a little), Jon, Selyse; all act different.
2343	ViennaGirl	2013-04-30	Tormund and Mance are both so humorless. Maybe they didn't make Tormund "fun" because they're making Thoros kind of fun, and they thought people would mix them up. I love book Tormund.
The cave scene - yikes. Too fast, too random, too close to everyone else! If there's a warm cave with a hot tub right next to their camp, wouldn't they all be camping out in there? And Jon, the virgin, diving right down there...oy. This means that this is their only sex scene, I bet. They won't have time for any more - their plot is moving too fast.
For marying Talisa, Robb deserves what's coming. 
Love the Hound. Hate zombies. Glad Beric isn't a really icky zombie - he's more of a presentable one. Fingers crossed for UnCat.
2344	Batman	2013-04-30	I believe it's supposed to be a running gag and will be referenced in every episode from now on.Next time in Essos, we will overhear two random whores discussing the extraordinary abilities of a certain squire from Westeros. It will be hilarious.I will take your word for it. They seem to have replaced Tormunds member jokes with Podricks members jokes.
2345	Rapsie	2013-04-30	Sandor did not get set ablaze. I also did not like how he mocked Arya when he won. It makes him far less sympathetic, but show Sandor is completely different from book Sandor.They seem like they are going to be trying to make up for the two seasons of hardly any character exposition by turning him into the character he was at the beginning, at a point in the story, where he has already fundamentally changed.
2346	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	That's funny, because that's what I thought the producers were doing. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />What a setup!!!  Home run Rapsie.
2347	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Yet all quotes and "funny jokes" about him on this forum have "Tormund's member" in them. WAY funny.Well, when you read the books, he doesnt only have personality when talking about his member.  He's a colorful guy, just cuz forum folks talk about his member a lot, doesnt mean thats all there is to his character.
2348	protar	2013-05-01	Selyse's baby thing is supposedly a substitution for the leeches that Mel burns to kill Joffery/Balon/Robb; king's blood and all.I really hope not. Not just because it's an unnecessary addition but because I can't imagine that flowing smoothly as a scene. Quickly dropping the leeches in the fire would be far more dramatic. Those giant jars, they're too clumsy for a scene like that imo.
2349	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Tyrion's angst over marrying Sansa pissed me off.  Such concern he displayed for her was not in the books.  Thanks for whitewashing him again creators! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />He liked the idea of a token pretty wife, all that land he would own, and just assumed some kind words would erase all that his family had done to her- I want to see that Tyrion on the show, dammit!The "we've been hosing her all this time, and now you want to make her marry ME?!?!  She hates me!" speech is almost spot-on from the book, as I recall.
2350	Birdsong65	2013-05-01	The "we've been hosing her all this time, and now you want to make her marry ME?!?!  She hates me!" speech is almost spot-on from the book, as I recall.I think the point being made here is that while you are correct, he did conclude that she hated everyone with the name Lannister, with very good reason, Tyrion, despite this, did reflect on the fact that he wanted her regardless, her youth, her beauty, her lands, her entitlements, etc., which, to this point has not been presented equally.  However, there is still time for this, though I believe D&D will delve further into Shae's reaction, than Tyrion's self revelation that he happens to lust for Sansa, as well.Also, IIRC, the "hate" was more objective, more directed to specific Lannister's (Cerci/Joffrey), while the "hate" reserved for Tyrion was more along the lines of "everyone hates an imp" of any surname, rather similar to the "hate" reserved for bastards.  It's the idea of imps and bastards, the myths associated in Westerosi society.  I can't remember of any specific incident between Tyrion & Sansa that would suggest anything else.  Anyone?
2351	teemo	2013-05-01	My issue with Jon Snow is that he is SO introverted...I knew it was going to be an almost impossible task to give him a good adaptation, because more than any other character, especially at this point in the series, everything important is in Jon's head.  And he has no one to talk.  A common theme of all shows is that there is someone major characters can confide in - whether it's a best friend, family, themselves, a psychiatrist, a ghost, whatever, there's someone.  Jon Snow has no one.  He can't even tell Ygritte what's really going on.  I know so many people who absolutely could not stand Jon Snow until they read the books.They really fucked up Jon last year with the idiotic and unmemorable TV!Halfhand who didn't even make it clear enough that jon was on a mission to spy on the wildlings.  In the premiere my boyfriend said, "Wow, I'm surprised Jon is really turning on the NW."  Jon having no way to speak to anyone about his feelings is an issue, but not one they can really address because who could he talk to?  If you read the books, you know that Jon is worried 24/7 about being an oathbreaker and that sleeping with Ygritte was a serious moral dilemma for him.  In the show, it didn't really come across like that at all.  The storyline with Ygritte is rushed as hell, but.....some of their past choices with Jon have put him in a miserable spot and I'm not sure how they can get him out of it right away.
2352	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	A big part of the reason the Jon/Ygritte thing has fallen flat is because they just haven't fleshed out the Wildlings enough as a people. The humour in them, and especially Mance and Tormund is supposed to be enticing to Jon. And the episode when Orell is introduced all Ygritte says is "You've never seen a warg?" with an 'OMG you are so dumb' expression - hardly a justification for undying love, or for betrayal of his oaths.
2353	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	My issue with Jon Snow is that he is SO introverted...I knew it was going to be an almost impossible task to give him a good adaptation, because more than any other character, especially at this point in the series, everything important is in Jon's head.  And he has no one to talk.  A common theme of all shows is that there is someone major characters can confide in - whether it's a best friend, family, themselves, a psychiatrist, a ghost, whatever, there's someone.  Jon Snow has no one.  He can't even tell Ygritte what's really going on.  I know so many people who absolutely could not stand Jon Snow until they read the books.This is a very good point. One of the few cases where the show could really do with a thought bubble, or a voice-over to show inner thoughts (even if it would be very cheesy). In the book, we had whole chapters full of his conflicting thoughts and doubts, how on earth can you translate that to screen. I have a feeling that the show will do much more with him once he's Lord Commander, because he has people to express his doubts and fears to. Hopefully he will be confident and capable enough during the Battle for the Wall that his LC appointment is justified.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 01 May 2013 - 09:30 AM.
2354	Sword of Funny	2013-05-01	A common theme of all shows is that there is someone major characters can confide in - whether it's a best friend, family, themselves, a psychiatrist, a ghost, whatever, there's someone.  Jon Snow has no one.Jon does have a Ghost. A missed opportunity for monologues.
2355	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-01	Jon's story has been handled really badly so far. The writing has been okay, so I guess it's a combination of Kit's terrible acting and not allocating the story enough screentime.
2356	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	I agree with the above. Jon and the WIldlings as a whole have been very badly rushed.. it makes me wonder because really they could have had Jons arc expand two seasons and dedicate more time to it slowly but surely. They missed an easy vehicle for Jon to confide in (Ghost, when everyone is sleeping he could talk to him) and the characterization of the Wildlings has been awful. They are supposed to be fun (er) than the South, even though they are dealing with all these problems.
Tormund has been the worst, especially since they seem to have blended his character with Styr. Ummmm could you have picked two bigger opposites to blend into one character? Styr is a complete hard ass while Tormund is more colorful. Mance has suffered as well, with no wife/child and no musical talent from what we've seen. 
And the cave scene was too much sex, not enough exposition. The "let's stay in the cave" moment felt rushed and didn't convey the thought that she was serious. It was more playful than willful.
2357	protar	2013-05-01	One thing that baffles me this season with Jon is the incredibly small amount of screen time Ygritte has gotten until this episode. Back in season 2 when they destroyed Qhorin to give Ygritte screen time, the main defence was that it was to increase her development time to build up her romance with Jon. But then for the first half of this season she has like 5 lines. They would have gotten the same amount of development had they followed the books and then just had a couple of ygritte scenes instead of prostitutes. As it was their sex scene just came out of nowhere.
Jon's introversion is a big problem. He could have at least talked to Ghost a couple of times if they'd kept him around.
2358	Rapsie	2013-05-01	Jon's story has been handled really badly so far. The writing has been okay, so I guess it's a combination of Kit's terrible acting and not allocating the story enough screentime.Yep, Jon is really dull on the show. Kit is incredibly uncharismatic and not given much to work with. The Wildling culture has been completely ignored and the whole thing just seems so rushed.Mindue it is not as bad as the butchering of Robb's arc. Roll on the RW so that storyline can be put out of it's misery.
2359	'96Buck	2013-05-01	I think the point being made here is that while you are correct, he did conclude that she hated everyone with the name Lannister, with very good reason, Tyrion, despite this, did reflect on the fact that he wanted her regardless, her youth, her beauty, her lands, her entitlements, etc., which, to this point has not been presented equally.  However, there is still time for this, though I believe D&D will delve further into Shae's reaction, than Tyrion's self revelation that he happens to lust for Sansa, as well.Also, IIRC, the "hate" was more objective, more directed to specific Lannister's (Cerci/Joffrey), while the "hate" reserved for Tyrion was more along the lines of "everyone hates an imp" of any surname, rather similar to the "hate" reserved for bastards.  It's the idea of imps and bastards, the myths associated in Westerosi society.  I can't remember of any specific incident between Tyrion & Sansa that would suggest anything else.  Anyone?I think Tyrion's assumption that Sansa hates him is because of his Lannisterness, and his belief that she won't find him physically attractive is because he knows he isn't.  Tyrion and Sandor are the only people in KL that have given Sansa any real reason to feel grateful towards them.  But there's very limited evidence that she really does.  She's still too repelled by Sandor to show proper gratitude.My point is that the complaint was that show Tyrion's reaction was different than book Tyrion's, yet we can only speak to his first 30 seconds or so of reaction in the show, and it's spot on to the book so far. No doubt he WILL reflect on the positives for him; anyone would, that's how people digest big news.
2360	'96Buck	2013-05-01	One thing that baffles me this season with Jon is the incredibly small amount of screen time Ygritte has gotten until this episode. Back in season 2 when they destroyed Qhorin to give Ygritte screen time, the main defence was that it was to increase her development time to build up her romance with Jon. But then for the first half of this season she has like 5 lines. They would have gotten the same amount of development had they followed the books and then just had a couple of ygritte scenes instead of prostitutes. As it was their sex scene just came out of nowhere.However, we as viewers know that she and Jon have been together for longer than what we've seen as a result of the change.  We just get to see a highlight reel of their time together, but we know they DID have time together.  In an unrelated work many here are probably familiar with, did Luke learn everything from Yoda in about 40 minutes?  No, obviously not.
2361	briantw	2013-05-01	My main nitpick from episode five was that they cut Sandor Clegane's awesome line from before the duel: 
"The cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here.  I hope your new god is a sweet one, Dondarion.  You'll be meeting him soon."
2362	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	My main nitpick from episode five was that they cut Sandor Clegane's awesome line from before the duel:"The cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here.  I hope your new god is a sweet one, Dondarion.  You'll be meeting him soon."I agree. They even paused and panned the camera to him. I wonder if it was cut....
2363	EnergeticCrab	2013-05-01	My issue with Jon Snow is that he is SO introverted...I knew it was going to be an almost impossible task to give him a good adaptation, because more than any other character, especially at this point in the series, everything important is in Jon's head.  And he has no one to talk.  A common theme of all shows is that there is someone major characters can confide in - whether it's a best friend, family, themselves, a psychiatrist, a ghost, whatever, there's someone.  Jon Snow has no one.  He can't even tell Ygritte what's really going on.  I know so many people who absolutely could not stand Jon Snow until they read the books.They really fucked up Jon last year with the idiotic and unmemorable TV!Halfhand who didn't even make it clear enough that jon was on a mission to spy on the wildlings.  In the premiere my boyfriend said, "Wow, I'm surprised Jon is really turning on the NW."  Jon having no way to speak to anyone about his feelings is an issue, but not one they can really address because who could he talk to?  If you read the books, you know that Jon is worried 24/7 about being an oathbreaker and that sleeping with Ygritte was a serious moral dilemma for him.  In the show, it didn't really come across like that at all.  The storyline with Ygritte is rushed as hell, but.....some of their past choices with Jon have put him in a miserable spot and I'm not sure how they can get him out of it right away.I agree with you 100%, this really is the problem. The lack of an overt thought-process that we can relate to makes his decisions and dialog boring. It doesn't help that Harrington is kind of bland. What gets me is the guy has read the books so he *should* theoretically know the character. Jon does have a Ghost. A missed opportunity for monologues.THIS. It would have been a little doofy but really this is like the only option. Jon's story has been handled really badly so far. The writing has been okay, so I guess it's a combination of Kit's terrible acting and not allocating the story enough screentime.Yes the writing and timing are very much to blame. The lack of scenes of Jon interacting with the wildlings creates the necessity for stupid zippy one-liner type dialog, which is NOT how Jon thinks or communicates. This model works better for Jaime and Tyrion, which is why they are partially so popular; the format of the show favors their characters and their delivery styles.
2364	protar	2013-05-01	However, we as viewers know that she and Jon have been together for longer than what we've seen as a result of the change.  We just get to see a highlight reel of their time together, but we know they DID have time together.  In an unrelated work many here are probably familiar with, did Luke learn everything from Yoda in about 40 minutes?  No, obviously not.That line of argument simply doesn't work. Obviously we do not see every minute of Jon's life that would be ridiculous. But to say "yeah all that character development happened off screen, instead have some homogenous wildlings glaring at Jon for 15 minutes" is just plain bad writing. We're seeing the highlights reel yes, but I would say that one of the highlights should have been some meaningful interaction between Jon and Ygritte this season before them having sex. Or at least a scene between Jon and Tormund like what we got in the books, where Tormund asks why Jon hasn't slept with her yet.
2365	Rapsie	2013-05-01	I agree. They even paused and panned the camera to him. I wonder if it was cut....Given they it his "Enough" from Season 2, I wouldn't be surprised. Mindye, not to worry, they'll probably give it to LF in the next episode.
2366	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Given they it his "Enough" from Season 2, I wouldn't be surprised. Mindye, not to worry, they'll probably give it to LF in the next episode.I used to hate how Littlefinger was portrayed on the series. I still do but I'm not sure how all of his subtle, behind-the-scenes moves could have been translated well on the screen. I don't like him saying some things but the line about "They are better liars than you" sort of makes sense given he's the one who really teaches and encourages lying. Otherwise, yeah, not loving switching lines much. And some lines really should remain.    /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I'm not loving tv Hound either but when I see the others discussing him, they seem to like him declawed and less "crazed".    /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2367	AliKat	2013-05-01	I think they should have shown the scene with Jon/Mance/Ygritte where she says they slept together and then when she comes to him later basically telling him to put up or shut up. It would then show that he had to sleep with her or give himself away. And his reluctant could have shown how he wanted to honor his oaths. Then the cave scene could have shown that Jon's affections for Ygritte was giving him problems with his oaths. Instead of making him look like he gave in to lust - like Robb did - with very little reluctance other than him saying 'we shouldn't'. They didn't make it clear how much him not sleeping with her would have proven that he was betraying them not the NW.
I just wish they had shown his assimilation into the culture a bit more with Tormund and Mance. Show how tempting it was for Jon to chose that way of life so when he doesn't and goes back to the NW - you see he really was an honorable man.
I don't think Kit is doing a bad job with Jon at all. He's got his angsty part down pat and his scenes with Sam, Ygritte, & the Lord Commander were excellent. He has a lot of chemistry with those actors though so that might be more of it than anything. I've only seen Kit in this and Silent Hill which isn't exactly a steller written movie so its hard to say on his acting in that role LOL
2368	lyanna_maria	2013-05-01	Without a doubt, the thing I hated the most was the colour of Shireen<U+0080><U+0099>s hair. I couldn<U+0080><U+0099>t believe they would make such a mistake... The seed is strong! I realise it can be easy to forget, and probably most non-readers (or even readers) didn<U+0080><U+0099>t get it or don<U+0080><U+0099>t mind, but I personally found it extremely annoying.
Also, I hated the Loras hooking-up thing too. <U+0080><U+009C>When the sun has set, no candle can replace it<U+0080><U+009D>. Where<U+0080><U+0099>s all of that? I think they haven<U+0080><U+0099>t treated the Loras-Renly relationship in a fair way in the show: it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem romantic or even true love.
2369	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	Without a doubt, the thing I hated the most was the colour of Shireen<U+0080><U+0099>s hair. I couldn<U+0080><U+0099>t believe they would make such a mistake... The seed is strong! I realise it can be easy to forget, and probably most non-readers (or even readers) didn<U+0080><U+0099>t get it or don<U+0080><U+0099>t mind, but I personally found it extremely annoying.Why would you find it annoying? The whole 'black of hair' thing was a rule for when the 'stag chases out the lion'. Selyse is a Florent not a Lannister, so 'stag chases out the lion' doesn't hold any sway.
2370	lyanna_maria	2013-05-01	Why would you find it annoying? The whole 'black of hair' thing was a rule for when the 'stag chases out the lion'. Selyse is a Florent not a Lannister, so 'stag chases out the lion' doesn't hold any sway.I never thought about it that way: I thought the point was the the "black of hair" always prevailed. So, all the examples Ned found on the book about genealogy... Were all the examples children of a Baratheon and a Lannister? Also, all of the Baratheon bastards we know are black of hair, regardless of who their mother is. Maybe you are right and I'm making a fool of myself /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> (very probably) but I didn't think of it as only a Baratheon-Lannister thing, but that the strenght of the theory lied in the fact that the "black of hair" rule applied always, nevermind the other parent's features.
2371	Frey Filet	2013-05-01	Beric's portrayal is such disappointing far cry from the books.  Nothing suggests he is losing his humanity after each resurrection..other than him explicitly saying so.
2372	teemo	2013-05-01	Jon does have a Ghost. A missed opportunity for monologues.After I left for the day I thought, "Hey, he has more than a ghost to talk to, he actually has Ghost" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  It could look goofy, but not necessarily.  It could even just be a couple sentences of well-written insight here and there.
2373	jons nissa	2013-05-01	Why would you find it annoying? The whole 'black of hair' thing was a rule for when the 'stag chases out the lion'. Selyse is a Florent not a Lannister, so 'stag chases out the lion' doesn't hold any sway.actually no, the post below is accurate. the whole point about the seed is strong is that throughout history the baratheon children were black of hair regardless of who they married, not specifically robert's.I never thought about it that way: I thought the point was the the "black of hair" always prevailed. So, all the examples Ned found on the book about genealogy... Were all the examples children of a Baratheon and a Lannister? Also, all of the Baratheon bastards we know are black of hair, regardless of who their mother is. Maybe you are right and I'm making a fool of myself /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> (very probably) but I didn't think of it as only a Baratheon-Lannister thing, but that the strenght of the theory lied in the fact that the "black of hair" rule applied always, nevermind the other parent's features.
2374	brandino	2013-05-01	I thought Ghost was off keeping an eye on Sam in the tv show? So, TV Jon really has no one to talk to about his oaths.
2375	shiola	2013-05-01	i didnt like that "kissed by fire = red hair = lucky" wasn't adequately explained.  if you're not the best at understanding those types of accents and are a nonreader (a la my 2 nonreaders), you missed it entirely when ygritte mumbled it.
2376	SerMixalot	2013-05-01	The Jon Ygritte Wilding storyline is why I was so frustrated with the Pod fiasco a couple of episodes back, they could have established the flirtation between J and Y to make the cave scene look less out of the blue, plus they could have given Tormund and Mance some personality.
2377	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-01	Why would you find it annoying? The whole 'black of hair' thing was a rule for when the 'stag chases out the lion'. Selyse is a Florent not a Lannister, so 'stag chases out the lion' doesn't hold any sway.Actually no. In the books it is that way. In the books Baratheons are know to have black hair and blue eyes, but it's never stated that ALL the Baratheons of ALL history are like that. There could be exceptions. However, it is stated that whenever the Stag and the Lion mated the Stag was dominant, and the kids were black of hair. It doesn't mean it's the same with EVERY House. There could be some Houses that are more dominant. Robert's seed is strong, but some Baratheon's could be not. In the books Shireen could be blonde.However, in the show the Baratheon +Lannister= black of hair detail was omitted, and they just said that Baratheon = always black of hair. Watch the scene where Ned reads the names of the book again. He mentions people generation after generation, not only Lannister and Baratheon pairings like in the books. So considering only the show, Shireen SHOULD NOT be blonde! Shireen being blonde is a HUGE mistake.
2378	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-01	actually no, the post below is accurate. the whole point about the seed is strong is that throughout history the baratheon children were black of hair regardless of who they married, not specifically robert's.The only "proof" we have regarding hair genetics is that all of Robert's children have black hair, and every Baratheon/Lannister pairing produces black hair. There is no evidence at all that Stannis has the dominant black hair gene nor do we know that his child with a Florent woman would also have black hair. Shireen's hair is fine, and does not call into question her legitimacy nor the legitimacy of Ned Stark's/Jon Arryn's/Stannis' conclusions about Robert and Cersei's alleged children.
2379	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	So considering only the show, Shireen SHOULD NOT be blonde! Shireen being blonde is a HUGE mistake.Citing the show's own canon to support the claim that the show got the cannon wrong is illogical. Bean was far too old to be Ned Stark. Daenerys doesn't have black eyebrows. Cersei doesn't have black eyebrows etc etc etc. All these things just do not matter - the same as Shireen's hair colour.
2380	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-02	Citing the show's own canon to support the claim that the show got the cannon wrong is illogical. Bean was far too old to be Ned Stark. Daenerys doesn't have black eyebrows. Cersei doesn't have black eyebrows etc etc etc. All these things just do not matter - the same as Shireen's hair colour.Why is it illogical? Are you seriously comparing Cersei's and Dany's eyebrowns with Shireen's hair? Those changes are irrelevant with the story, they don't change anything. Shireen's hair on the other hand does. We as book readers know that it would be possible considering the details that are stated in the books, like Lannister + Baratheon = black of hair. However, if we keep the two separated (as everybody is always so eager to remind us), then it makes no sense because it was stated in the show that Baratheon = black of hair. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=a1wL4PMc4VoThere is no mention of specific pairings in that scene. According to that, every single Baratheon has been and should be black of hair.Imagine you are a non-book reader who pays attention to the details. The whole problem of season 1 started because Joffrey was blonde, because a Baratheon should not be blonde. Now Shireen is blonde? Shireen's hair takes the logic away from the whole story of season 1. It makes Ned look like a complete fool because he thouhgt that a Baratheon could not be blonde. If only Ned would have kept reading the genealogical tree. He would have seen that there is a blonde Baratheon. We know that Joffrey was born of incest, but Ned doesn't. His only proof are the bastards, and that every single Baratheon is supposed to be black of hair. But hey! now ir turns out Baratheons can be blonde. If Shireen is blonde, then that means that there is a possibility that Joffrey could have been blonde. After having so many black haired kids, Robert could have a blonde kid, an exception. Maybe Cersei's gens are the dominants. Being a non-book reader, you would confused, and the story of season 1 now, makes little sense.
2381	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Why is it illogical? Are you seriously comparing Cersei's and Dany's eyebrowns with Shireen's hair? Those changes are irrelevant with the story, they don't change anything. Shireen's hair on the other hand does. We as book readers know that it would be possible considering the details that are stated in the books, like Lannister + Baratheon = black of hair. However, if we keep the two separated (as everybody is always so eager to remind us), then it makes no sense because it was stated in the show that Baratheon = black of hair.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=a1wL4PMc4VoThere is no mention of specific pairings in that scene. According to that, every single Baratheon has been and should be black of hair.Imagine you are a non-book reader who pays attention to the details. The whole problem of season 1 started because Joffrey was blonde, because a Baratheon should not be blonde. Now Shireen is blonde? Shireen's hair takes the logic away from the whole story of season 1. It makes Ned look like a complete fool because he thouhgt that a Baratheon could not be blonde. If only Ned would have kept reading the genealogical tree. He would have seen that there is a blonde Baratheon. We know that Joffrey was born of incest, but Ned doesn't. His only proof are the bastards, and that every single Baratheon is supposed to be black of hair. But hey! now ir turns out Baratheons can be blonde. If Shireen is blonde, then that means that there is a possibility that Joffrey could have been blonde. After having so many black haired kids, Robert could have a blonde kid, an exception. Maybe Cersei's gens are the dominants. Being a non-book reader, you would confused, and the story of season 1 now, makes little sense.Ok illogical isn't quite the right word.What I should have said is that show canon should not be held up by anyone as a shining light of authority, It has a history of contradicting itself.Claiming that Shireen's hair colour is some kind of "HUGE MISTAKE" is a gross overstatement. Even if it is an error, it pales into insignificance with how the allegiance with the Freys has been handled. And if a watcher is really passionate about details it is also likely they would have looked at a HBO map at some stage and wondered what kind of sense Robb's army movements could possibly have.
2382	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-02	Ok illogical isn't quite the right word.What I should have said is that show canon should not be held up by anyone as a shining light of authority, It has a history of contradicting itself.Claiming that Shireen's hair colour is some kind of "HUGE MISTAKE" is a gross overstatement. Even if it is an error, it pales into insignificance with how the allegiance with the Freys has been handled. And if a watcher is really passionate about details it is also likely they would have looked at a HBO map at some stage and wondered what kind of sense Robb's army movements could possibly have.I agree that Robb's whole storyline has been terribly handled, it really makes little sense, if any at all. Shireen being blonde may not be a "HUGE MISTAKE" and it may pale compared with Robb and the Freys. However, it is still a mistake, and the showrunners should have paid more attention to it, just like they should've paid more attention to Robb's storyline.
2383	jons nissa	2013-05-02	The only "proof" we have regarding hair genetics is that all of Robert's children have black hair, and every Baratheon/Lannister pairing produces black hair. There is no evidence at all that Stannis has the dominant black hair gene nor do we know that his child with a Florent woman would also have black hair. Shireen's hair is fine, and does not call into question her legitimacy nor the legitimacy of Ned Stark's/Jon Arryn's/Stannis' conclusions about Robert and Cersei's alleged children.i will repeat what was stated earlier: the book of 'geneology' that ned gets from pycelle and that was used by jon arryn listed the name and description of generations of baratheons and that is what was used to make the theory that the baratheons are black of hair. it could never be limited to just robert's children. i would suggest you look over season 1 or perhaps its available on youtube. the books have it as well, but were discussing the show. stannis' blond child throws a monkey wrench in the whole reasoning behind it and would actually invalidate his claim to throne since he is claiming joffrey, tommen and myrcella are bastards based on the knowledge he acquired with jon arryn using the book i mentioned. even the unsullied who know nothing but the show have called foul on this.
2384	David Selig	2013-05-02	Maybe they just have real good hair dye in Westeros and Selyse dyed Shireen's hair blond for some kooky reason. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2385	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-02	maybe the florents got more super genes than the baratheons? Florent genes could even get pass roberts dna since Edric has florent ears i just read.
2386	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	do any of the baratheons have black hair in the show? it's all dark brown, isn't it /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2387	AliKat	2013-05-02	Gendry has black hair. The actor doesn't - they dye his hair. I don't know why they couldn't dye Shireen's. But then I didn't know why they didn't dye Rickon's. He's a blonde - the only blonde Stark. They had Bran take on the Stark traits instead of Tullys which is no biggie because he does look like Arya quite a bit. Richard's hair was dyed a bit to look auburn even though it doesn't match Sansa or Cat's. But Rickon looks like the mailman's kid. I can understand why they needed to get excellent actors no matter how they looked for all the kids since they'd grow up with these roles but they can easily dye hair from brown to red or from light to dark. Dany and Cersei are different because it'd be nearly impossible to get the right color without destroying their real hair.
The show picked strange things to be meticulous about. They had all the Stark kid actors use Sean Bean's accent so they sounded alike rather than have him adopt one like Michelle Fairly's  who was staying in the show for 3 seasons vs. 1 (or even the kids that were sticking around for longer) if they didn't want a mix from different parts of England and Scotland. But yet Ned's hair was dark in Ep 1 and light brown after that. I just kinda accepted that it makes no sense lol It helped that I saw the show before I read the books so when I read the books I see Sean Bean and Richard Madden vs. the way they are described in the books.
2388	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	i will repeat what was stated earlier: the book of 'geneology' that ned gets from pycelle and that was used by jon arryn listed the name and description of generations of baratheons and that is what was used to make the theory that the baratheons are black of hair. it could never be limited to just robert's children. i would suggest you look over season 1 or perhaps its available on youtube. the books have it as well, but were discussing the show. stannis' blond child throws a monkey wrench in the whole reasoning behind it and would actually invalidate his claim to throne since he is claiming joffrey, tommen and myrcella are bastards based on the knowledge he acquired with jon arryn using the book i mentioned. even the unsullied who know nothing but the show have called foul on this.So your point is every Baratheon that ever has existed has had black hair? That's simply not the point. You can even lookup Ran's take on it if you'd like, he says as much. There's no evidence that Stannis Baratheon and Selyse Florent will always have black haired children because Robert's kids are all spitting images of him and most Baratheons are dark haired.The point in the show is almost lost, because it leads people to silly conclusions like if you don't have black hair you can't be Baratheon, but having black hair isn't the only point. Sansa tells him "He's nothing like that old, drunk King" referring to Joffrey, and one gaze at Gendry makes him think holy shit that's young Robert Baratheon. Whereas one look at Joffrey makes you think holy shit that kid is pure Lannister (or is supposed to). Then he reads the book and realizes that Baratheons in general have a dominant black hair gene, among many other physical traits of which none Joffrey posseses, and it all comes together.The only justification for Ned to think Joffrey is Jaime's bastard being the color of his hair would be ludicrous. Every single fucking person in the world would know that none of Robert's kids are legitimate from the day they're born. Unfortunately they have to simplify things in the show.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 May 2013 - 03:23 PM.
2389	jons nissa	2013-05-02	The point in the show is almost lost, because it leads people to silly conclusions like if you don't have black hair you can't be Baratheon, but having black hair isn't the only point.so i was preparing my post to respond to this point that is cannot be a silly conclusion that if you don't have black hair you can't be a baratheon but decided to get out my book and check. lo and behold there is one short paragraph that has a final sentence that reads: No matter how far back Ned searched in the brittle yellowed pages, always he found the gold yielding before the coal.so apparently i was wrong and not all baratheons are blond only all those that come from a lannister-baratheon union. that said, grrm's genetics were always dopey given what we know of modern genetics but having a blond child fathered by the brother of a man that supposedly cannot conceive a blond child with his wife begs confusion. although it was indeed generations of baratheons, it was generations of lannister-baratheons so, yes, stannis could presumably conceive a blond daughter. my bad.
2390	EnergeticCrab	2013-05-02	The whole hair change thing has even gone so far as to confuse non-book readers. I was on the TVWOP forums and unsullied are legitimately confused that Shireen doesn't have dark hair.
2391	jons nissa	2013-05-02	The whole hair change thing has even gone so far as to confuse non-book readers. I was on the TVWOP forums and unsullied are legitimately confused that Shireen doesn't have dark hair.yeah, apparently it's possible in the asoiaf universe but it's very confusing especially since it is the main crux of the argument against the blond children of cersei's until she confesses. sansa's words about joffrey being nothing like his father was meant to help ned make sense of the words in the geneology book and what was staring him in the face. messy situation. but i don't deny the little girl playing shireen is a wonderful actress.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 02 May 2013 - 04:38 PM.
2392	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	The whole hair change thing has even gone so far as to confuse non-book readers. I was on the TVWOP forums and unsullied are legitimately confused that Shireen doesn't have dark hair.I can see how some people would get confused, but at some point as an intelligent viewer you need to think about things like this. If every Baratheon in the entire world has black hair, Joffrey, Myrcella, and Tommen being born would be the equivalent of Cersei having 3 black kids. It wouldn't take Ned and Jon Arryn a giant tome and weeks of research to figure that situation out. There was just too much power put into the "Golden head" conclusion Ned drew on the show, but it should be seen as another major clue that leads him to the conclusion that Cersei's kids are not Robert's,  not the only clue. I mean how do show watchers even think Ned figured out it was Jaime and not someone else who fathered them? There's a lot of thinking and processing it takes to come to that conclusion.To be upset that a kid of a different man who married into a different family has fair hair is really over the top. I think nitpicking is sort of healthy but when you get into illogical territory just fucking watch the show and enjoy Shireen for the wonderfully cute little girl she is.
2393	jons nissa	2013-05-02	I can see how some people would get confused, but at some point as an intelligent viewer you need to think about things like this. If every Baratheon in the entire world has black hair, Joffrey, Myrcella, and Tommen being born would be the equivalent of Cersei having 3 black kids. It wouldn't take Ned and Jon Arryn a giant tome and weeks of research to figure that situation out.ok, so i have to step in. cersei have 3 blond kids is like cersei having 3 black kids if you knew what to look for. THAT IS THE POINT!!!!!! please go back to the book as i did and you will see what is what. in grrm's world, every time a baratheon marries a lannister they have have black haired children. period. he used this because there is no other way to "show" that the parents are not cersei and Robert. when you say an intelligent viewer what you mean is a modern viewer who knows genetics don't work this way. but grrm had to "show" genetics in a world with no genetic testing. lion + stag = black hair. that is straight from the text. and that is the focus of the search for the truth. what do you think jon arryn meant when he said "the seed is strong"? that all his kids where his spitting image? only gendry is. all his other bastards are "black of hair". it may not apply to stannis (which is confusing) but it definitely applies to robert.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 02 May 2013 - 05:18 PM.
2394	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	ok, so i have to step in. cersei have 3 blond kids is like cersei having 3 black kids. THAT IS THE POINT!!!!!! please go back to the book as i did and you will see what is what.in grrm's world, every time a baratheon marries a lannister they have have black haired children. period. he used this because there is no other way to "show" that the parents are not cersei and robert. that is straight from the text. and that is the focus of the search for the truth. what do you think jon arryn meant when he said "the seed is strong"? that all his kids where his spitting image? only gendry is. all his other bastards are "black of hair". it may not apply to stannis but it definitely applies to robert.Oh, I know, but it's only that way because of a rather complicated and unobvious fact - that the gold of the lion always yeilds to the black of the stag. Not because the anything of anyone always yields to the black of the stag.It takes Jon Arryn and Ned Stark time to find that out - because not everyone has memorized the color of the children's hairs of the pairings of all possible Westerosi parents.My point was that any idiot can tell if a kid is black. Not any idiot would know that Lannister gold never trumped the Baratheon black in history.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 May 2013 - 05:18 PM.
2395	Juliads	2013-05-02	I'm really disappointed that we did not get Sandor's dialogue in the cave scene.  Nor did we get to see his reaction to getting burnt...Those were some pretty big events in the books to me at least. I wish we would get to see tv Hound a bit more fleshed out.
					
					
							Edited by Juliads, 02 May 2013 - 07:08 PM.
2396	ladyinblack	2013-05-02	I really dislike that HBO is not developing the Wall & beyond the Wall story line. it's just as important as a beautiful young blond queen---misunderstood of course --& tadah--dragons. . The first 2 seasons were not bad & then,  all they have Jon, Ygrite, & company do is walk in a single file in look alike LL Bean Wilding Series outfits looking distrustful of each other &.....??? 1 of the wonderfuil integral aspects of the story beyond the Wall is how Mance brought all these diverse tribes together to assault the Wall & go South  or Die.
 What about the history of the Wall, it's purpose & the people would lived to defend the Wall & the Realm.
Cave scene OK BUT could have been great with a build up beforehand like in the book
Don't know if Kit is a bad actor when he has so few ines...
 Hate the Talisa storyline but then I complain weekly about it.... just horrible
 No excuse that the show leaves out great one-liners like the Hounds'  in the Cave...
 Littlefinger is just mangled by the show writers----awful--don't think it's the actors fault
QOT should be more biting & bitchy   instead of wise & cleverly one-upping everyone--too much screen time that should be spent on the Wall
Selmy & Mormont as BFs???not even for a little while
Hated the fetuses in the bottles
Loras---just no---why do gay men always have to be portrayed as wantonly promisicous.
Wish the whole screen adaptation could have been a collaboration between HBO & BBC---maybe they wouldn't have dumbed down everything so much
 Do think the casting is excellent for the most part except Mance & Thormund    Mance --I always thought of as knd of a Mel Gibson in Mad Max type.
Bath scene was good & most of the Lannisters screen time--brilliant
2397	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	How are Selmy and Jorah best friends when they're clearly arguing and taking shots at each other after briefly sharing fond memories of being soldiers? Barristan tells him he has a shit reputation and warns him that he will do whatever it takes to get Dany on the Iron Throne, which by the way he says after suggesting Jorah step aside.
2398	ladyinblack	2013-05-02	How are Selmy and Jorah best friends when they're clearly arguing and taking shots at each other after briefly sharing fond memories of being soldiers? Barristan tells him he has a shit reputation and warns him that he will do whatever it takes to get Dany on the Iron Throne, which by the way he says after suggesting Jorah step aside.stand corrected on the BF  but even arguing they are more amicable than how I envisoned them in the books---i will watch the episode again
2399	teemo	2013-05-03	they should have just given her dark hair. i mean, they made such a huge fuss about baratheons = black hair in the first season, might as well give them all dark hair.  if I wasn't a book reader I'm sure I would have noticed it.  I'd probably have a conspiracy theory that Stannis is actually not as honorable as he claims and maybe has a bastard child himself.  I pay a lot of attention to hair...
2400	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-03	They could have given Renly black hair too.
2401	Jslay427	2013-05-03	what about this could you possibly not like? Why is Shireen teaching Davos to read something you can't accept? What does this change?Your right, now that I think about it it's not a big deal at all. I think I was a little biased against Shireen at that moment because she is taking the part of Patches as well as Pylos.
2402	Silverx2	2013-05-03	It was the angle they shot it at that made me really think it was a body double, I think...I guess I have to go back.  That's why I said I think the forum changed my mind on it.I know this is the not repurcussions thread but they angle they shot it at was to show jamies face upon seeing brienne nake for the first time. in teh books you have jamies inner monologue about how he actually finds himself attracted to her. Watch jamie look her up and down, its meant to give the viewers a chance to see jamie seeing her, not just a chance to show her naked.
2403	Mulled Wino	2013-05-03	Oh, I know, but it's only that way because of a rather complicated and unobvious fact - that the gold of the lion always yeilds to the black of the stag. Not because the anything of anyone always yields to the black of the stag.It takes Jon Arryn and Ned Stark time to find that out - because not everyone has memorized the color of the children's hairs of the pairings of all possible Westerosi parents.My point was that any idiot can tell if a kid is black. Not any idiot would know that Lannister gold never trumped the Baratheon black in history.Stannis figured it out btw.....
2404	Mulled Wino	2013-05-03	That line of argument simply doesn't work. Obviously we do not see every minute of Jon's life that would be ridiculous. But to say "yeah all that character development happened off screen, instead have some homogenous wildlings glaring at Jon for 15 minutes" is just plain bad writing. We're seeing the highlights reel yes, but I would say that one of the highlights should have been some meaningful interaction between Jon and Ygritte this season before them having sex. Or at least a scene between Jon and Tormund like what we got in the books, where Tormund asks why Jon hasn't slept with her yet.Last season Jon's storyline was a complete disaster.  Robbs was spirling out of control.  Now we have 2 complete disasters.  Why does Tormond glare constantly and threated Jon every other line, but the all the sudden he says,"I like you crow but...?"Wtf?  All the sudden he likes Jon?  They havent bantered or developed any sort of relationship at all other than a big  intimidation fest.
2405	Silverx2	2013-05-03	something i think a lot of you are ignoring, is the fact that the hair color doesn't mean jack in the grand scheme of things. there is no DNA testing in westeros, all you have is empty claims.
Jon arryn did not die because he "figured it out" if he even did to begin with.
The only point of the hair color in the first book was a means to an end for littlefinger. Find a way to stir up the wolf and the lion in order for him to climb the social ladder.
2406	Joyful Union	2013-05-03	I'm just curious, was the black of hair thing only mentioned in regards to the males? Is it possible that the black of hair trait is only passed on through the male offspring? A stretch I know.
2407	Mulled Wino	2013-05-03	something i think a lot of you are ignoring, is the fact that the hair color doesn't mean jack in the grand scheme of things. there is no DNA testing in westeros, all you have is empty claims.Jon arryn did not die because he "figured it out" if he even did to begin with.The only point of the hair color in the first book was a means to an end for littlefinger. Find a way to stir up the wolf and the lion in order for him to climb the social ladder.I think there's a shitton of flaws in the Stannis storyline and this is definitely a lesser one.  His relationship with Davos for sure and acting like an insecure teenager as well.I thought tv Shireen was fantastic.
2408	jons nissa	2013-05-03	something i think a lot of you are ignoring, is the fact that the hair color doesn't mean jack in the grand scheme of things. there is no DNA testing in westeros, all you have is empty claims.Jon arryn did not die because he "figured it out" if he even did to begin with.actually, the hair color is the way the author has chosen to show genetics so it seems you should take it up with him. also, jon arryn most definitely died because he figured it out. lysa thinks she killed him to keep sweet robin with her but that was only littlefinger manipulating her to remove her husband from court since he had indeed uncovered the truth about cersei's children.
2409	SerMudz	2013-05-03	One thing that truly annoyed me was Beric's half-assed attempt to block hound's slash right before the end. It just didn't seem realistic. I'm hazy regarding the book , but I thought Beric was really close to offing Sandor but the hound managed to kill him only by shattering his sword through sheer strength and desperation......Which is exactly what happened on the show. The Hound is literally screaming in desperation as he brings his sword down and shatter Berics.
2410	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	.....Which is exactly what happened on the show. The Hound is literally screaming in desperation as he brings his sword down and shatter Berics.They start chanting "Guilty" about the time it looks like Beric is about to win, so yes Beric almost gets him.The only unrealistic thing is that before Sandor kills Beric, he's on the ground in a terrible position and yet Beric lets him get up by backing off. I'm no expert at combat but when you have a man down squirming it's probably a good idea to finish him off and not let him get back up to a strong position.
2411	Lord of Brewtown	2013-05-03	Mistakes:  
1.  Selyse's dead baby jars were just over the top ridiculous - almost laughable.  The kind of thing that makes casual viewers not take the show seriously/hurts it's perception as one of the best/emmy worthy.  
2.  Karstarks half of Robb's forces.  I suppose you could explain that way as just heat of the moment exaggeration by the character (Robb) - but it was symptomatic of a lot of really sloppy writing in this episode.   As someone stated earlier, they really should have shown Frey forces leaving in disgust in episode #1 on this season.  
3.  Harrion Karstark mentioned as being killed instead of Eddard.  Change is completely not needed, as Harrion could still have a part to play in the books.  I understand possible name confusion, but since you're changing who died anyway, just make up a new name or call him Edward.  
4.  Tyrell's troop contingent way too small - only 1/5th of the Lannisters (12,000 vs 60,000).  That really downplays the Tyrell power, and greatly decreases them as a threat - which I don't think the writers intended - really poor job here.  
5.  No Patchface.  How hard would it have been to get some nobody actor to play this part - with the tatoos/appearance, an actor could be easily replaced without notice if necessary too.  An easy minor write-in.  
I didn't mind:  
1.  Casterly Rock plan replacing retaking the North
2.  Loras bedding the Squire
3.  Loras replacing Willas in marriage plans.
2412	Mulled Wino	2013-05-03	actually, the hair color is the way the author has chosen to show genetics so it seems you should take it up with him. also, jon arryn most definitely died because he figured it out. lysa thinks she killed him to keep sweet robin with her but that was only littlefinger manipulating her to remove her husband from court since he had indeed uncovered the truth about cersei's children.Again, stannis figured it out
2413	Joyful Union	2013-05-04	4.  Tyrell's troop contingent way too small - only 1/5th of the Lannisters (12,000 vs 60,000).  That really downplays the Tyrell power, and The Lannisters dont have nearly that many troops. More like 30000. Also, I think that was what House Tyrell brought, excluding their major bannermen  though its not clear.
2414	Dove	2013-05-04	After watching the S3 premiere again my #1 nitpick is that Margaery hasn't worn that stunning blue dress againi mean okay she walked through filth in it but whatever
2415	Darth Zyroth	2013-05-04	I'm just curious, was the black of hair thing only mentioned in regards to the males? Is it possible that the black of hair trait is only passed on through the male offspring? A stretch I know."Grand Maester Malleon recorded the last mating between stag and lion, some ninety years ago, when Tya Lannister wed Gowen Baratheon, third son of the reigning lord. Their only issue, an unnamed boy described in Malleon's tome as a large and lusty lad born with a full head of black hair, died in infancy. Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife. She had given him three daughters and a son, each black-haired. No matter how far back Ned searched in the brittle yellowed pages, always he found the gold yielding before the coal." - AGoT, Chapter 45, Eddard.Also, Mya Stone, Barra (the baby girl of the whore of the brothel), and Bella (the young prostitute who Arya meets at the Peach in Soney Sept) have black hair. It applies to both male and female.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 04 May 2013 - 06:28 AM.
2416	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-04	I'm just curious, was the black of hair thing only mentioned in regards to the males? Is it possible that the black of hair trait is only passed on through the male offspring? A stretch I know.nope. Mya, Robert's bastard has black hair.
2417	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-04	The Lannisters dont have nearly that many troops. More like 30000. Also, I think that was what House Tyrell brought, excluding their major bannermen  though its not clear. I'm pretty sure the total number the Lannisters can field is around 60,000.
2418	Joyful Union	2013-05-04	I'm pretty sure the total number the Lannisters can field is around 60,000.But at this point in the story, after the battle of the camps, Oxcross, they certainly don't have 60000 troops. They lost tens of thousands of men between those two battles. Thats also not taking into account all the losses through desertion and disease either.
2419	Lord of Brewtown	2013-05-04	But at this point in the story, after the battle of the camps, Oxcross, they certainly don't have 60000 troops. They lost tens of thousands of men between those two battles. Thats also not taking into account all the losses through desertion and disease either.While that is true, they also could levy new forces out of Casterly Rock - I may be confusing the show with the books, but I'm pretty sure I recall them mentioning new forces in Season #2.  So, in Season #1, we know that they mention 60,000 for Lannisters (Tywin says this when he gives Jaime half of the forces to contain Riverrun).  If my memory serves regarding season #2, they should have been able to replace many of the losses.  Now, in Season #3, Lady Olenna provides us with a # of 12,000 for the Tyrells - & this is mentioned as the original contribution, not the current strength - so the 12/60 ratio, if not completely accurate, should be in the ballpark.  Compare that against Robb, who is season #1 is mentioned as having 20,000.  Freys would have tacked on another 4,000 (I believe that's the # mentioned in Season #1).  Now, we are to also believe that 10,000 of the 20,000 are Karstarks.  Of course, this is before any strength provided by the Tully's & their bannermen (based on the books that should be a lot; but, we've seen that the show is changing strength of forces greatly).
2420	boojam	2013-05-04	While that is true, they also could levy new forces out of Casterly Rock - I may be confusing the show with the books, but I'm pretty sure I recall them mentioning new forces in Season #2.  So, in Season #1, we know that they mention 60,000 for Lannisters (Tywin says this when he gives Jaime half of the forces to contain Riverrun).  If my memory serves regarding season #2, they should have been able to replace many of the losses.  Now, in Season #3, Lady Olenna provides us with a # of 12,000 for the Tyrells - & this is mentioned as the original contribution, not the current strength - so the 12/60 ratio, if not completely accurate, should be in the ballpark.  Compare that against Robb, who is season #1 is mentioned as having 20,000.  Freys would have tacked on another 4,000 (I believe that's the # mentioned in Season #1).  Now, we are to also believe that 10,000 of the 20,000 are Karstarks.  Of course, this is before any strength provided by the Tully's & their bannermen (based on the books that should be a lot; but, we've seen that the show is changing strength of forces greatly).Well when George says he can't even recall the eye color of some character and has to get help, I think ol GRRM puts a wet thumb in the air when comes to keeping up with logistics.The show runners also seem to have a detached feeling about such things in the series.Seems they need a 'checker' who likes to keep track of details , which would even fix some of George's looseness.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 04 May 2013 - 09:38 PM.
2421	Ran	2013-05-05	George has been quite good about these things, really, and I'm not sure where the suggestion otherwise really comes from.
2422	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	I must have missed something (quite possibly) but I feel like they never made it clear that the Unsullied are eunuchs. 
I know that before introducing the officers, Missandei says something in the lines "before they are cut" but how can any non-book reader translate it to getting their junk chucked off?
2423	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-05	how are they gonna do the stalwart shields story then. 
paying whores to cuddle him
/cries
2424	paddington	2013-05-06	I know that before introducing the officers, Missandei says something in the lines "before they are cut" but how can any non-book reader translate it to getting their junk chucked off?I've no idea how anybody that didn't read the books is following it at all.  I've read the books and I am getting a little lost with some of it.   Frankly at times it seems like just a lot of hairy blokes that need a wash growling at each other.Alot of it is I think just the loss of scale, the wildings appear to be a few people and a cgied giant, the battle at the fist of the first men, well that was one walker getting burnt.  So the whole story of the battle and retreat back to casters becomes almost meaningless, because there wasn't a visual battle. An just a few cold/unwashed/hairy people walking back to crasters to complain about food and cold. It's quickly becomes scenes of people talking/shouting/growling  to each other, about stuff.  Some of those scenes happen to be great, Jamie in the bath was good.  The scene with Grey worm was good.   Stannis with his daughter not so much,  Theon  with Ramsey not so much.
2425	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-06	Alot of it is I think just the loss of scale, the wildings appear to be a few people and a cgied giant, the battle at the fist of the first men, well that was one walker getting burnt.  So the whole story of the battle and retreat back to casters becomes almost meaningless, because there wasn't a visual battle. An just a few cold/unwashed/hairy people walking back to crasters to complain about food and cold.Don't forget the WW horse art that Mance et al discovered!
2426	Castellan	2013-05-10	Tywin cannot decide how to pronounce Tyrell... He also pronounced Sansa differently within a couple of sentences of each other. But I forgive him on account of being great actor perfect for role and seems to bring out the best in any actor in a scene with him.
2427	shiola	2013-04-29	This thread is for discussing what you loved about the episode, from the largest plot point to the smallest facial expression or background detail.  No complaining in this thread, please.Book/TV spoilers are fine inside spoiler tags ONLY.  If you do not know how to make one, it's simple.  Here is an example:[.spoiler]Darth Vader is Luke's father[/.spoiler] without the periods becomes
	Spoiler Darth Vader is Luke's father
I want everyone to be able to enjoy this thread, so please make sure anything that could remotely be considered a spoiler or hint is inside tags.  If you aren't sure, tag it anyway.I look forward to seeing what little details everyone picks up on!
2428	Underzaker	2013-04-29	I loved the fight
Roose was a badass. His voice. ... "your sister" ... His look after jaimie falls down. The authority.
Qyburn's eyes popping out showing his pleasure in performing "bold" actions.
Arya's "I can be your family" ... can watch this scene over and over again ... She can use her eyes so well.
Cat's look when Karstrak talks about "it's treason to free your prisoner" ... was it guilt?
Edmure looked more formidable.
Stannis saying "nope" to Shireen. So funny.
Jaimie/Brienne scene was perfect.
I liked it how lovingly Davos looked at Shireen.
When Greyworm says he would keep his name because he had when Daenerys freed her , her reaction was perfectly subtle.
Another epic Tywin dressing down ... "you'll wed her , bed her and put a child in her" ... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))Last but not least , The credit ... eerily pleasant
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 29 April 2013 - 04:34 PM.
2429	SilentSense	2013-04-29	The Sandor Beric duel.
Ygritte naked
Jamie/Brienne
Roose finally showing some Roose like qualities but I still don't think they're doing enough to make the voice thing noticeable.
the camera work and use of music in the episode
2430	Dove	2013-04-29	Much like the past two episodes I just want to put "everything" but whatever, I'll be less lazy than usualQuick list of the little things I absolutely loved:The BoB - Everything about the trial by combat was incredible, the acting, choreography, score, everything. Probably the best battle in the series, god damn.Loved Arya's reaction to the outcome, and her murderlist finally coming back into the show. Also asking if you can bring back someone without a head, awwww.Karstark - Ah, shit, dude. Didn't expect them to actually SHOW the kids getting killed. That was brutal, especially that they thought it was a rescue at first.The Blackfish with a fuckin' RIGHT HOOK for Karstark hell yeah. They also left in the ice cold "Hang him last so he can watch the others die" thing, woop woop. That's a great line.Jaime/Brienne - Roose being a troll was fantastic, and Qyburn is very promisingly creepy. His experiments were too "bold", euughh. I like his weird little high-pitched voice.The bath scene was basically perfect, couldn't have been done any better except maybe including the "Kingsguard keeps the King's secrets" line.Stannis - Poor little Shireen was absolutely adorable, and immediately likeable. I liked her rapport with Davos a lot. "What will they do, lock us in the cells?" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />One of the dead boys being named Edric, "Aegon - it sounds like Egg", and Shireen singing Patchface songs were cool little nods to the books. I wonder if they're just meaningless little songs or if she's taking over his role, as it were.Dany - The "Storytime with Shireen about Aegon the Conqueror" to Dany transition was great, and they worked in some nice background details through Jorah and Barry's conversation. Also more dickwaving and sniping between those two, ahahaha.Whoo, Grey Worm.Not too crazy about the King's Landing stuff this episode, but Natalie Dormer. Always Natalie Dormer. Also the Tyrion/Cersei/Tywin ending scene was just fantastic.Shireen singing over the credits. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2431	Roose Seal	2013-04-29	Loved the entire episode but two things really made my cold heart melt:
Arya: "I can be your family" and "What about a man with no head?" goddamnit, Arya, stop kicking my feels in the gonads
Shireen was just so sweet but she also has that melancholy lonely side to her to. She's pretty much exactly the way I imagined her, reading the books.
And one scene gave me chills:
Robb beheading Karstark. Not as powerful as Theon and Cassel last season but pretty damn close.
This is more of a general pos-nitpick but I love all the little nods to book readers this season.
Cersei and the nose comment.
The meereenese knot.
Edric
Aegon, it sounds like Egg. etc.
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 29 April 2013 - 05:07 PM.
2432	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	Arya's "I can be your family" to Gendry was way touching. Almost as touching as Sansa's smile when Margaery talks about the plan to wed her to Loras in the previous episode. I'm unsure whether this show is turning me into a giant softie, or is just making me find out.
2433	shiola	2013-04-29	Arya's scene again was one that had me wiping my eyes.  Her goodbye to Hot Pie was unexpectedly sad and sweet, and her scenes this episode as well.  Maise can really run the gamut of emotions.  Her "GO TO HELL!" was absolutely believable and full of blind rage.  Her disappointment and feeling betrayed by Gendry was evident without needing as many words, and the dialogue between them was beautiful.
I love her prayer and I'm so glad they showed it.
My praising Nikolaj is a given at this point, but I do it anyway.  He's far and away my favorite actor in this series.  He brings Jaime to life more than any other actor does their character and he covers all of the complexities of Jaime that people don't want to see.  I explain properly without sounding like a babbling fangirl and just going through the thesaurus for all entries regarding "phenomenal"...
2434	shiola	2013-04-29	Karstark - Ah, shit, dude. Didn't expect them to actually SHOW the kids getting killed. That was brutal, especially that they thought it was a rescue at first.The Blackfish with a fuckin' RIGHT HOOK for Karstark hell yeah. They also left in the ice cold "Hang him last so he can watch the others die" thing, woop woop. That's a great line.YESSSS.  That scene was so intense and brutal.  I didn't think they'd show it either.  I'm glad they did though because it had so much more of an impact for me than in the books.  "Hang him last" gave me chills-- just like Brienne in season 2 "Two quick deaths, one slow death."Blackfish SLAPPING that bitch up.  I did NOT expect that.  He's so cool.
2435	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Really liking Thoros. He's not exactly as he is in the books, but I find him more entertaining and very well acted. A shame he's not a more major character in the show. I always thought the whole "I was a terrible priest but now I'm actually a good one" was more in line with a religious zealot, like Aeron, but it definitely plays better on TV this way.
2436	Nezzer	2013-04-29	Three minor things that stood out for me:
1-One of the Baratheon stillborns was called Edric
2-Shireen singing Patchface's song
3-Grey Wind watching Karstark's beheading from far back, almost unnoticeable
2437	shiola	2013-04-29	Three minor things that stood out for me:1-One of the Baratheon stillborns was called Edric2-Shireen singing Patchface's song3-Grey Wind watching Karstark's beheading from far back, almost unnoticeableI didn't see Grey Wind!  That's awesome
2438	Ffiferoo	2013-04-29	I'm so glad they left in Grey Worm's line about his name.  It's one of my favorite bits of dialogue in the whole series and it was just great!
2439	Dove	2013-04-29	I didn't see Grey Wind either! Nice. I'll have to keep an eye out for when I get the chance to re-watch the episode.
2440	LuisDantas	2013-04-29	I liked the delivery of Robb's dilemma.
2441	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	The Hound v ser Beric was pure brilliance
Props for boss performances this episode to:
Arya from start to finish
Shireen - just heart melting
Jaime Lannister in the bath - NCW owned it.
Lord Tywin - full beast mode.
Also good to see Jon Snow starting to display some emotions.
2442	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	Like everyone else, the bath scene in general.
Here's a few things I want to hit on that maybe won't get mentioned much or that people might have missed:
1. The use of the soundtrack throughout the episode.  Really nicely done, especially the bath scene which was without music until the "burn them all" bit, at which point it very quietly built in such a way that you didn't even notice it was there at first.  That's how you subtly enhance a scene.
2. The scene cut from Shireen telling Davos about Aegon the Conqueror to Daenerys' unsullied army.  Brilliant segue from one invading Targaryen army to another, with some more well-placed music.
3. Cersei, in a tone of voice I don't think we've ever seen her use, saying "Father, don't make me do it again, please" which (like I said in the quotes thread) reminds the viewer that, as much as she's a miserable human being, we certainly don't envy her life.  It's easy to think of Cersei as just a scheming bitch, and this one line reminds us that there's a very broken person under there.  I love humanizing moments for Cersei.\
4. The figs.  Because, HAH.
5. That look Beric gives Sandor at the beginning of the fight is pricless.
2443	Eucratides_Megas	2013-04-30	Stannis's choked up confession to Selyse. He just wants to connect with his wife, and all there is to connect to is a raving lunatic. He's never seemed lonelier. But then Shireen remains his one bright spot, the one source of complete, simple love and affection in his life. He loves her back with all his heart----"She's my daughter!" he snarls at the thought of being kept from her----he just doesn't really know how to express it.
2444	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-04-30	I never gave Shireen much thought in the novels but the actress that plays her on the show really moved me. I can't really explain why. Although she actually seemed happier in the show, somehow this made me more sad for her. I really felt like Dragonstone was not the place for this precious little girl to belong in. The particularly touching moment between her and Davos also made me really feel for Davos' character in a way I didn't feel when reading. Such a good but subtle scene!
2445	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	I liked Beric and Thoros. Shireen singing Patchface's song was a nice nod to book readers. Tywin raining on Cersei's parade was awesome.
2446	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-04-30	.3. Cersei, in a tone of voice I don't think we've ever seen her use, saying "Father, don't make me do it again, please" which (like I said in the quotes thread) reminds the viewer that, as much as she's a miserable human being, we certainly don't envy her life.  It's easy to think of Cersei as just a scheming bitch, and this one line reminds us that there's a very broken person under there.  I love humanizing moments for Cersei.\I love moments that make you rethink a character. GRRM is a master of writing humanity in all it's various shades and he certainly has made Cersei a very complicated woman. I hope the show lasts long enough for the "Walk of Shame".
2447	Underzaker	2013-04-30	Grey Wind? Nice find ... I was about to nitpick about lack of his presence.
2448	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Qyburn's fucking creepy expression as he was cutting away the flesh on Jaime's stump. :shudders:
Roose's trolling. 
"Weddings are Safer"
The murder of the Lannister boys. Much better handled in the show imo. We were introduced to them beforehand, and we got to see them killed. It made for a much more shocking scene.
2449	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	One thing I liked in the episode was the symmetry between the Jon scene and the Jaime scene as they presented them. Both scenes involved a body of water and an intimate situation and acted as a kind of character rebirth or baptism for them both. Jaime's was a breaking of his snarky defences and explained why he broke his vows while Jon's was his defences crumbling down resulting in him breaking his vows and being (potentially) reborn as a Wildling.
2450	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	I like how the revealed Shireen's greyscale. At first it looked to me at least like she didn't have it, then when she looked at Stannis after hugging him I was like "jesus". If it got that reaction out of me, then i wonder what non book readers reacted like.
2451	Conchobar	2013-04-30	1. The duel between the Hound and Beric.
2. Roose being Roose.
3. Qyburn's creepiness and voice.
4. Tyrion humbled by the Queen of Thorns.
5. Lannister boy murder, it was shocking.
6. Robb beheading Karstark, Blackfish punching Karstark, Karstark saying "you're no king of mine".
7.Bathtub scene obviously, everything about it. "By what right does the wolf judge the lion?"
8. Davos and Shireen.
9.The whole conversation between Barristan and Jorah and the marching sequence.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 30 April 2013 - 03:21 AM.
2452	lizziebeth	2013-04-30	So much to love in this episode!
1. The Hound v. Beric. Best done duel so far in the series
2. Arya-  Trying to stab the Hound herself, the return of her nightly prayer, losing Gendry, asking Thoros about bringing back a man with no head.  So many feels in one episode. 
3. Roose Trollton, that is now his official name in my mind. That was masterful trolling of Jaime
4. Qyburn- one of the few characters that I find completely terrifying and completely irredeemable. The expression on his face right before Jaime screams? yikes. 
5. Shireen is absolutely adorable and I loved the relationship with Ser Onion Knight.  We need something that's just cute and sweet in the face of all the death and destruction going on elsewhere.
6. The bath scene of course. Who didn't love that? GC and NCW are perfection 
7. Tywin being the Tywin I imagined from the books. Laying down the law in that commanding tone to his kids. No more being nice to the cupbearer, just doing what needs to be done to secure his legacy.  I REALLY want to see a Tywin/Joffrey confrontation now though.
2453	mankytoes	2013-04-30	I think it's cool how we can compare characters based on how they execute people-
Ned Stark- solumn and in control
Joffrey- Little bastard got someone else to do it
Jon Snow- Failed to execute Ygritte, showing doubts/compassion
Theon- Took four swings and a kick, horrified reaction
Robb- Angry reaction afterwards
2454	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Everything except Loras' scene.
2455	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I was so fucking glad that they included my favourite line from the books. They changed it ever so slightly, but that's OK.
"There will be pain"
"I'll scream"
"Quite a bit of pain"
"I'll scream loudly"
I had to pause at the point because I was so happy.
2456	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	1) Sandor vs. Beric was done very, very well. The only thing that would have made it just a bit better was if the Hound had his amazing ''I'm the only terror here'' line and if he'd cried. However, very much enjoyed this fight. Possible the best swordfight in the series? 
Arya's face in the fire-light, hatred and sadness all in one. The Hound's face as Beric rises.
2) Tormund LOOKS great (I just really need to hear a HAR!! or at least a member joke!! come on guys!)
I really like the chemistry of Jon + Ygritte. 
The music in this scene was lovely. 
I really liked it. 
''We shouldn't'' and Ygritte's almost pained face ''we should''
Kit smiling?!?! Haha, I think he's getting better, bless him.
''I don't ever want to leave this cave Jon Snow, not ever'' + the music was just lovely. 
3) PISS ON THAT!! I'LL SHOVE THOSE ARROWS UP YOUR ARSE!! God, I love Rory's Sandor SO MUCH. 
4) ROOSE. FUCKING. BOLTON. (I love Roose lol) TROLLING THE FUCK OUT OF JAIME. 
I love how he's still got a very quiet voice, in a show with a lot of theatre-trained actors with loud, clear booming voices.
The dead, grey eyes. The threat to Locke. 
Oooh, Roose. Nikolaj's acting here is perfect, as usual. Falling to the ground. 
''Ser Jaime isn't well...take him to Qyburn''
5) Qyburn's creepy high pitched voice, LOVE IT. 
''The Citadel stripped me of it (his chain) they found some of my experiments...too bold'' 
No Milk of the Poppy. 
There will be pain.
I'll scream.
Quite. A bit. Of pain. 
I'll scream loudly. 
The shot of Jaime screaming was great, too.
6) Arya + Gendry. 
''Serve him? I've served men my entire life..../
I'm done serving'' 
''Ive never had a family'' 
''I can be your family''
''You wouldn't be my family. You'd be milady'' 
 /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
7)Showing the Lannister boys being killed. Brutal and horrible, but I'm glad they showed it. Had a great impact. 
I actually liked Robb this episode (when he wasn't with talisa). ''THEY WERE BOYS!!''
Fairley looking absolutely beautiful in a terribly sad way, with her flowing hair and melancholy air. 
Karstark was great. 
Talisa was AWFUL. AWFUL. AWFUL. (As usual) INTERRUPTING CATELYN? FOR FUCKS SAKE. I HATE HER SO MUCH. I HATE HER.
8) I thought the beheading scene was AMAZING. 
''Blood of the first men flows through my veins as much as yours boy'' 
''I don't want it to save me...I want it to haunt you to the end of your days'' 
I felt Robb's angry swing instantly at ''YOU ARE NO KING OF MINE'' in the rain was fucking fabulous. Reminded me that I actually liked Robb a lot in the book. + the music was FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC.
9) Arya's kill list is back! 
''...The Hound'' 
I love Thoros. And Maisie really is wonderful, they struck gold when finding her. 
I loved the dialogue. ''Do I frighten you child?'' ''No''
His wounds looked great too and the stories of his deaths.
And...
''Could you bring back a man without a head? Not 6 times, just once''
''I don't think it works like that, child...''
 /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> 
10) I LOVE CRAZY SELYSE. AND THE FETUS ROOM. This is pure Gothic Horror and I fucking *loved* it. 
''When she told me...I wept...with joy'' and the subtle music. ''Oh...my sweet boys...'' Just chilling. It was superb. 
''I give you nothing''
''That's not true''
''She's my *daughter!* I *want* to see her!'' 
 /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> 
Shireen singing Patchface song was nice BUT I really, really would have loved Patchface. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'm guessing it would have been really ridiculous to have on screen though? 
Seriously, love the subtle dragonstone music. So creepy but also really sad. 
Shireen is awesome! It would have been better if she had black hair (obviously) but she's so adorable and sad and lonely that it doesn't matter so much to me.
11) THE BATH SCENE WAS SPECTACULAR. My, my, my Nikolaj Coster-Waldau really is fantastic. I can't say it enough. He's amazing. So is Gwendoline Christie, she's the perfect Brienne. Their scenes together are always a TREAT to watch, the chemistry between them is amazing. 
Seriously though, this scene was out of this world. 
''By what right does the WOLF judge the LION? BY WHAT RIGHT?''
And the Jaime in Brienne's arms as an inverted trope of the maiden in the hero's arms was great. 
''Jaime...my name is Jaime''
 /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> 
Just wonderful.
12) ''Onion Knight! Ser Onion Knight!''
I love Shireen + Davos chemistry. Liam Cunningham is the perfect and I MEAN PERFECT Davos. I JUST love him. 
''I can't read the words'' 
''I'll teach you!'' 
''I wouldn't know where to start''
''At the beginning'' 
AWW SHIREEN BABY GIRL YOU'RE JUST SO LOVELY /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
13) The music and transition into Dany's scene is great. 
Dany looking like a Warrior Queen and not just a petulant girl.
- Jorah + Barristan's back stories and pissing contest is great, haha. 
The Valyrian = SO GREAT.
+ Grey Worm! I love it. And Dany's overwhelmed reaction. 
14) ''I can't tell you how touched I am. By your concern for my wealthfare'' HAHAHAHA PEDOFINGER REARS HIS HEAD. 
15)Of course Charles Dance as Tywin was fantastic. Cersei's smug little ''Daddy loves me more'' face all the way through the scene until the end. 
''I am QUEEN REGENT, NOT SOME BROOD MARE'' 
''You are MY DAUGHTER. You will do as I command''
''Father don't make me do it again please...''
''My children...you disgrace the Lannister name for far too long...''
And the shot of them both sitting there looking dejected beneath the Lannister wolf.
2457	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Woah, Not so much a nitcpick as a review! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> I agree with almost everything you've said though. Was there a theme song for Dragonstone? Because the LoL theme song was making me think of Stannis as Darth Vader
2458	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	There definitely was a song in the background for the whole of the dragonstone scenes, I loved it. Very creepy, and very sad.
2459	mafalda	2013-04-30	Firstly, two words: Roose BoltonNext: Of course Jaime and Brienne, Arya, and Dany. Oh and Tywin pulling one over on Cersei and her "I'm about to explode" facial expressions.This thread is for discussing what you loved about the episode, from the largest plot point to the smallest facial expression or background detail.  No complaining in this thread, please.Book/TV spoilers are fine inside spoiler tags ONLY.  If you do not know how to make one, it's simple.  Here is an example:[.spoiler]Darth Vader is Luke's father[/.spoiler] without the periods becomes
	Spoiler Darth Vader is Luke's father
I want everyone to be able to enjoy this thread, so please make sure anything that could remotely be considered a spoiler or hint is inside tags.  If you aren't sure, tag it anyway.I look forward to seeing what little details everyone picks up on!Thank you for teaching me how to make those because
	Spoiler I was far too lazy to google it!
2460	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	Talisa was AWFUL. AWFUL. AWFUL. (As usual) INTERRUPTING CATELYN? FOR FUCKS SAKE. To be fair, she is the Queen of the North and Catelyn is in disgrace...I HATE HER.Full disclosure, I am not a fan either. I like Oona, just don't like Talisa (unless there is a certain plot development they might do)As an aside, I saw a video from the S3 Premier and Oona was being interviewed by WinterIsComing. The interviewer asked her "So how do you feel your TV character is different from the your book character?" Oona gave her this awesome "OMG are you really that stupid?" look.
2461	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	Stannis smiled for the first time in the series. You only see it for half a second, but it was there.There definitely was a song in the background for the whole of the dragonstone scenes, I loved it. Very creepy, and very sad.I sounded like a softer, more sombre version of Stannis' main theme last season.
2462	staffred	2013-04-30	I loved that Tyrion didn't mock Cersei after her desperate cry. He didn't seem to enjoy it at all. This marks, I hope, a change in their relationship. They are now put in the same horrible spot by their harsh father.
2463	shiola	2013-04-30	I was so fucking glad that they included my favourite line from the books. They changed it ever so slightly, but that's OK."There will be pain""I'll scream""Quite a bit of pain""I'll scream loudly"I had to pause at the point because I was so happy.YES!  I was so happy too.  I may have squealed.
2464	shiola	2013-04-30	I loved that Tyrion didn't mock Cersei after her desperate cry. He didn't seem to enjoy it at all. This marks, I hope, a change in their relationship. They are now put in the same horrible spot by their harsh father.Good point!  I forgot he'd done that in the book.  I like it this way, as well.  They both sat there like "Wow, we're fucked.  This sucks for both of us."  Even though she had been a bitch a moment before, he had compassion for her because they are both in that situation and they love someone else.
2465	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-30	I love the way Thoros said "for the night is dark...and full of terrors". Never found the words particularly cool until now.
ETA: also liked Grey Wind in the background. Makes sense for the direwolf to be close (but far enough.....oh wait....foreshadowing?)  to his Stark master in a defining moment.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 30 April 2013 - 02:57 PM.
2466	AliKat	2013-04-30	YESSSS.  That scene was so intense and brutal.  I didn't think they'd show it either.  I'm glad they did though because it had so much more of an impact for me than in the books.  "Hang him last" gave me chills-- just like Brienne in season 2 "Two quick deaths, one slow death."Blackfish SLAPPING that bitch up.  I did NOT expect that.  He's so cool.Blackfish took on the Greatjon's actions/lines in that scene.I loved that Jon stood up to Orell. I was getting a bit tired of Jon just sitting back and taking it from these Wildlings and wanted him to show some spirit and sass. Jon Snow S1-2 didn't take shit from people like Orell - he shouldn't have done it this time. Glad he stood up and I loved his line about the eagle and the kite. His/Ygritte's scenes I mostly liked. There were a few things I could say I didn't like - like I wish it hadn't been their first time so he could say the wonderful 'I know I want you' rather than 'we shouldn't' line.Jaime/Brienne - everytime they were on screen. Period. Straight up winning for those two. Jaime's vulnerability and her realization that he wasn't a monster but a hero who had lived with this horrible secret for years. He used his pride as his armor and refused to defend his actions.Arya - when she screamed Kill him and then went after the Hound, losing it on the ground with Gendry and screamed 'burn in hell' - you could see the total disillusionment of that little girl then. She wanted justice and thought for once she'd get it. Then watched The Hound kill another man she kinda respected.Arya/Gendry - I could be your family. No, you'll always be mi'lady. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Arya again - with Thoros and Beric. Wanting Thoros to bring back Ned.Robb and Karstark. I hated it and loved it. I loved that they kept so many good lines from the book. I hated that I knew it would end badly (again) so I spent the whole time yelling 'no Robb! Don't do it!' but Karstark's actor really did justice to that scene as did Richard Madden. Poor Cat having that on her conscience but yay that Robb defended her. I wish Talisa had stayed out of that scene. In the books it was better because he had spared his wife that but Talisa took some of Cat's lines which was a minor thing. When Robb cut his head off and afterwards clenched his fist and walked out of the Godswood - it showed how hard it was for him to do.Queen of Thorns smacking Tyrion down hard. She's the only one I could stand watching do that. And even he seemed impressed by it.Shireen was precious and I loved her scenes with both Stannis (showing he IS human and she even made him smile!) and Davos (who doesn't love Uncle Onion Knight!?!)
2467	AliKat	2013-04-30	And the shot of them both sitting there looking dejected beneath the Lannister wolf.Lion /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> If its a wolf, that's a serious editing problem for the crew lol
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 30 April 2013 - 04:04 PM.
2468	Nezzer	2013-04-30	There definitely was a song in the background for the whole of the dragonstone scenes, I loved it. Very creepy, and very sad.I don't think it was creepy, like "Warrior of Light". It sounded to me like a more tragic and depressing version of "Warrior of Light". It reflected Stannis's sadness and frustation with his family really well.
2469	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Lion /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> If its a wolf, that's a serious editing problem for the crew lolLOLwoopsie, my bad /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />I don't think it was creepy, like "Warrior of Light". It sounded to me like a more tragic and depressing version of "Warrior of Light". It reflected Stannis's sadness and frustation with his family really well.Sadness can be creepy. And right now they're practically the Addams family /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2470	Khal Pono	2013-04-30	On re-watching ep. 5 (with closed captioning) I just noticed that Jaime calls Pycelle a "grey, sunken cunt"...FREAKING SHOUTOUT TO JAMES JOYCE (the phrase was famously used near the beginning of the novel Ulysses).Bryan Cogman was already my favorite GoT writer, but this seals the deal.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 30 April 2013 - 04:56 PM.
2471	darksellsword	2013-04-30	This episode should of been called  kiss my arse  bc of the amount of buttocks shown.
Best scene for me was the fight between Dondarrion and the hound, Danys conversation with
Grey worm comes a close second
2472	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	THISOk thread finished now... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2473	victim	2013-05-01	1st scene of 2x05 - Renly dies by the Red God's magic.
1st scene of 3x05 - Beric resurrected by the Red God's magic. 
Likely purely coincidental, but I noticed it.
Oh yeah, and everything else was awesome too!
2474	Robert's Rebellion	2013-05-01	I gotta feeling wer gonna be seeing maise williams in a lot of Hollywood movies in the near future... and also emmy for ncw of course
2475	Spring Snow	2013-05-02	All of the obvious ones have been gone over several times by now, so I'll just add a few of the possibly less-mentioned little things that I loved.Sandor taking time out to sass Anguy again. He's... not fond of the archer, is he? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Stannis interacting with Shireen. Standing straight as a board when she hugged him, and his response to her asking if he won the battle. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Also, "He's a traitor, and he's rotting in the dungeons." (paraphrased)Shireen period. She's very charming, and the lack of Patchface or Edric makes her situation even more sad and lonely. The way she was introduced left an instant impression even with my friends and family who haven't read the books.Emilia Clarke continues to speak Valyrian very, very naturally, and I like the sound of the language in general and her delivery a lot more than Dothraki.Qyburn's very disturbing expression when he's treating Jaime's arm, and his mention of his bold experiments.The final scene, and the devastated expressions of Tyrion and Cersei as they stubbornly face away from each other. The Tysha mention renewed my hope that they won't drop that plot altogether; with Charles Dance being as charismatic as he is, I feel like we need that reminder of Tywin's cruelty.
2476	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	Qyburn really giving Iwan Rheon a run for his money in the creepy eyes department.
2477	Tyrell_like_Squirrel	2013-05-02	Everything about the Dragonstone scenes. I've been a champion of Stannis for a while now, and non-book readers gave me no quarter until this episode. I loved his interactions with Selyse/Shireen. I also really really REALLY loved Shireen. Such a little cutie, and her interactions with Davos were so sweet. Just in passing, Laim Cunningham played Captain Crewe in the late 90's adaption of "A Little Princess," which just goes to show that Davos is a natural when it comes to making friends with princesses. 
All of the Jaime/Brienne scenes. Occasionally I encounter a lot of heat from fellow book lovers about how much the TV show deviates from the source material, and it's scenes like this that prove how wrong they can be. I was blown away at how loyal these scenes were to the books. Just amazing performances from NCW and Gwen. Spot on and wonderful. Also, troll Bolton had me laughing so hard.
I am consistantly impressed with the BwB scenes. Richard Dormer has been in all of 3 scenes, and yet he brings so much to Beric Dondarrion's character. Loved the fight with him and the Hound, loved Maise William's acting, loved the line about bringing Ned back, so good all around.
2478	rejndjer	2013-05-02	i like how tyrion has "i dont give a fuck anymore" attitude in most scenes this season.
2479	Isildur's Mane	2013-05-02	I really loved the bath scene - great acting by NCW and GC. It's such a powerfull scene.
I loved Maisie in this episode - she was fantastic.
I liked how they introduced Grey Worm, for some reason I wasn't sure he was going to be in it.
2480	Lady Arwen	2013-05-02	This is a bit silly, but I loved Catelyn's hair in this episode. I thought she looked lovely and exactly how I pictured Lady Stark when I read the books. /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
2481	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-05-03	sad that this thread has a small amount of replies... so much good in this episode but the snobs rather complain
2482	lannistergold	2013-05-07	A tiny change that I liked: Qyburn telling Jaime there would be "quite a bit of pain" (rather than "a lot") in his treatment. It was totally in keeping with Qyburn's character, detached creep that he is.
2483	ma_liky	2013-05-10	This is fantastic episode. And the best moments are all over but some that caught my eyes are first. Beric dying and coming back to life. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> Loved everything about Arya. Her pleas make me cry. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> Stannis became human it was a great moment for me. Deflowering Jon Snow /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> . It was amazing scene. "I never wanna leave this cave." Their story is one of true love in this show, and i love it so much. This episode was full of love if I recall well. Dany moments are always beautiful. Loved how the two men fought for the place of the Hand of the Queen. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> and she in the back walking around so beautiful. And the Grey Worm, I love hearing Valerian, I love when she speaks it. And the last scene blow me away, even dough it was scary. Tywin showing that he is BadAss, You are my children and you will do as I say. Bully parenting, scary but i liked it. Just to say who is the Boss in Kingslanding.
2484	Gilius_Thunderhead	2013-05-02	Dear people of westeros.org, first poster here. I've been reading the forums for quite some time, but never dared to post, for the most part because I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t think I have to much to add on the discussions that usually take place, but, watching the series something occur to me that it may possibly not have been discussed so far on the forums, if it has, I apologize.For me, and I believe for a considerable amount of people, one of the most disturbing aspects when reading about the torture of Theon Greyjoy by the hands o Ramsey is the constant insinuation of his gelding. It is never explicitly said that he had his genitals maimed and there is no actual evidence other than some indicative lines said by Ramsey, Roose and Theon himself. There<U+0080><U+0099>s also some fearful behavior depicted by Theon that could corroborate this theory, but I will not prolong this because it was already discussed before.My question is the following: Assuming that Theon was, if not completely castrated by Ramsey and his lackeys, had his genitals disfigured in some way, maybe only his dick was flayed an then cut off (that seems to be the most common place that people discussing the subject tend to reach). Do you guys think the show will reveal that, maybe do it in a more obvious way? I don<U+0080><U+0099>t mean in a graphically explicitly way, but a more obvious scene where we do not see the act itself, but its mentioned so that is no doubt about it.I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think it will happen, maybe would be to hardcore, and seen the way that they described the unsullied, where the castration was somewhat obscure and not everyone noticed until the last episode, not to mention that we already had Varys also telling his story about how he got <U+0080><U+009C>cut<U+0080><U+009D>, maybe it would be too much genital mutilation for just one season<U+0080>.I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry that my first post is about such nasty aspect of the story, but Theon became one of my favorite characters, and his narrative in the fifth book, the whole physical and mental torture, the obliteration of his identity until he begins to really reflect over his life and what he has done, it always intrigued and horrified me.Sorry again for the long text and the poor writing, english its not my first/mother language.
2485	BananaSpice	2013-05-02	Sometimes I still hold out hope that Theon hasn't been completely castrated, b/c he is one of my favorite characters and it just horrifies me so much /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I really hope they don't do this on the show ... I feel like if they do, it will confirm (or maybe it will just be something D&D want to do) ... maybe it depends on what Theon's ultimate fate in the books is? Like, does he live and become new Varys or something? Then it would be relevant. If it stays vague in the books and he ends up dying in the next book or the last, then it doesn't really matter if they protray it or not.
I just don't know. I am super curious to see how far they go with this nasty business - I'm so glad they have added it in at this point in show.
2486	Hodors Shlong	2013-05-02	Welcome, friend!
I wouldn't be surprised if they alluded to it on the show. It's definitley not out of bounds for this show, or for HBO in general. After all, they did show a man getting his nipple carved out this season. Assuming Theon did get cut in some way, I guess it's up to D&D if it belongs in the show.
But if they did  have it in, I have no doubt HBO would be able to pull it off (pun intended). I think you're right on the money, in that they definitley wont depict any genital mutilation straight up, but would mention it/cut away/use some clever cinematography or writing tricks to get the point across.
					
					
							Edited by Hodors Shlong, 02 May 2013 - 05:05 PM.
2487	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	Welcome!
If I were to guess, they will allude to it once or twice after we're aware of Ramsey taking off fingers/toes, but it will be done through dialogue and not entirely obvious so that it remains speculation. Sort of how it is in the books /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2488	Nezzer	2013-05-02	I don't think they will show Theon's castration on screen, but I'm quite sure it will happen, either with the camera showing only Theon's face or with the screen cutting to black. And I am totally convinced that Theon was actually gelded in the books. There are too many hints.
2489	Sidonie	2013-05-02	Yeah, my feeling is that they will show a scene about it that will leave no doubt it happened. Probably not graphic; we won't see any close ups.
Just like how in the books the Loras and Renly homosexual relationship was only hinted at, but HBO left no doubt about it.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 02 May 2013 - 05:41 PM.
2490	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-02	The main issue with Theon's storyline from here till ADWD is that I'm imagining it just being a straight up torture fest in the dungeons of the Dreadfort. Since they cannot possibly show a character just being tortured physically and emotionally for seasons on end, they're going to have to start limiting what we see of Theon and Ramsay going forward. No one wants to watch Theon get marbleized again and again...and if you do, you're a sick puppy! lol
2491	Lady Arwen	2013-05-02	Welcome!
I agree that the showmakers are quite fond of showing anything involving or alluding to genitals, so I do think they'll at least make a reference to Theon's probable castration. It also adds shock value, which will keep the viewers engaged in the series.
2492	IceManCeaserKOTN	2013-05-02	The main issue with Theon's storyline from here till ADWD is that I'm imagining it just being a straight up torture fest in the dungeons of the Dreadfort. Since they cannot possibly show a character just being tortured physically and emotionally for seasons on end, they're going to have to start limiting what we see of Theon and Ramsay going forward. No one wants to watch Theon get marbleized again and again...and if you do, you're a sick puppy! lolDidn't want my first post to be about Ramsay/Theon torture but this post pretty much said what I was thinking so here we are hahaI haven't read the books but after Season 2 I found "A wiki of Ice and Fire" and spoiled everything for myself so I know the gist of whats going on but obviously missed a lot. Found the forum right after S3 Ep 4 and after reading I found a lot of people saying they 'Loved' the Theon/Ramsay storyline and 'couldn't wait' to see it play out. My question is why? To me the entire torture storyline seemed ridiculous and an unnecessary part of the series, esp the whole making him become 'Reek' and Theon pretty much accepting all this & willingly staying with Ramsay. He even helps Ramsay defeat pretty much the only people that would be interested in rescuing him.(Ironborn at Moat Callin) I just don't get how someone could not only enjoy that storyline in the book but want to watch it play out on TV. It's not entertaining to me, just f***ed up. Building Ramsay up as a villain is 1 thing but the torture/transformation stuff just doesn't need to be there. Really boggles my mind that the TV show left out ALL of the things that establish Ramsay as a villain before the Theon stuff and are just focusing on the torture. Esp since they apparently skipped most of it in the book and picked up after the 'transformation.'So what am I missing. Why do people like and want to see this? Why is it such an 'interesting' storyline? Why is it integral to the series? Maybe someone see's something I don't but i wish they had just left it out of the book and TV show.
2493	Dove	2013-05-02	To me the entire torture storyline seemed ridiculous and an unnecessary part of the series, esp the whole making him become 'Reek' and Theon pretty much accepting all this & willingly staying with Ramsay. He even helps Ramsay defeat pretty much the only people that would be interested in rescuing him.(Ironborn at Moat Callin)So what am I missing. Why do people like and want to see this? Why is it such an 'interesting' storyline? Why is it integral to the series? Maybe someone see's something I don't but i wish they had just left it out of the book and TV show.Theon stayed because he was too abused and broken not too. That's one of those situations you can't just "bootstrap" out of short of divine intervention.What I find so touching and compelling about it was seeing a completely broken man regain his identity and sense of self worth. I was literally cheerin irl when Theon and the washerwomen rescued Jeyne.You're right, there's not anything particularly great about lots and lots of torture but unfortunately it's kind of a necessary slog to get to the good part of the arc, and since they don't do flashbacks this is the only real way. It also helps establish Ramsay as Westeros #1 Dude To Hate.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 02 May 2013 - 08:34 PM.
2494	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	Didn't want my first post to be about Ramsay/Theon torture but this post pretty much said what I was thinking so here we are hahaI haven't read the books but after Season 2 I found "A wiki of Ice and Fire" and spoiled everything for myself so I know the gist of whats going on but obviously missed a lot. Found the forum right after S3 Ep 4 and after reading I found a lot of people saying they 'Loved' the Theon/Ramsay storyline and 'couldn't wait' to see it play out. My question is why? To me the entire torture storyline seemed ridiculous and an unnecessary part of the series, esp the whole making him become 'Reek' and Theon pretty much accepting all this &amp; willingly staying with Ramsay. He even helps Ramsay defeat pretty much the only people that would be interested in rescuing him.(Ironborn at Moat Callin) I just don't get how someone could not only enjoy that storyline in the book but want to watch it play out on TV. It's not entertaining to me, just f***ed up. Building Ramsay up as a villain is 1 thing but the torture/transformation stuff just doesn't need to be there. Really boggles my mind that the TV show left out ALL of the things that establish Ramsay as a villain before the Theon stuff and are just focusing on the torture. Esp since they apparently skipped most of it in the book and picked up after the 'transformation.'So what am I missing. Why do people like and want to see this? Why is it such an 'interesting' storyline? Why is it integral to the series? Maybe someone see's something I don't but i wish they had just left it out of the book and TV show.I won't argue that it's heinous and disturbing, because it is. But Theon undergoes some sort of catharsis during aDwD that was wonderful to read. In the books, his chapters in aDwD were arguably the best because of how emotional and thought provoking it was. While Ramsay no doubt takes it too far, that's what it took for Theon to drop his whole arrogant and childish demeanor and come to terms with what he's done, and what he ought to do going forward.We also don't 'see' it happen, it's all flashback and reflection. George also explores some contraversial territory that other authors won't convey, that there are some straight up sick bastards in every world, real or imagined. It's horror and it's gross but symbolically for me, Ramsay literally stripping off his skin is like an unraveling of Theon's person - that deep down he's not a huge dick, and beneath those layers of brutality and selfishness was a boy/man who isn't altogether that bad. I can see why it can be too much for people, and I often struggled to read some of it, but it was also fascinating. I'd never read anything like that and particularly not in a non horror genre.
2495	Martin Rheaume	2013-05-02	So what am I missing. Why do people like and want to see this? Why is it such an 'interesting' storyline? Why is it integral to the series? Maybe someone see's something I don't but i wish they had just left it out of the book and TV show.I think the Theon story is intriguing, because it makes us root for a character that we previously hated. I always wanted to like Theon, and I always hoped he would do the right thing, but when he betrayed Rob Stark, I thought that was unforgivable. It was impossible to envision a way in which I could hope for the redemption of Theon. I thought he was too far gone, but as heinous as some of Theon's acts were, nobody deserves the torture and punishment he's receiving from the Bastard. It almost allows us to forgive Theon. We can't forget what he did, but he has endured punishment far beyond his crimes. The appeal of the Theon story is that it almost gives him a second chance at redemption. It's brilliant, because there's no other way in which Theon would be eligible for redemption or forgiveness.
2496	Gilius_Thunderhead	2013-05-02	Thank you all for the welcoming and the replies, it's very appreciated.Sometimes I still hold out hope that Theon hasn't been completely castrated, b/c he is one of my favorite characters and it just horrifies me so much /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I really hope they don't do this on the show ... I feel like if they do, it will confirm (or maybe it will just be something D&D want to do) ... maybe it depends on what Theon's ultimate fate in the books is? Like, does he live and become new Varys or something? Then it would be relevant. If it stays vague in the books and he ends up dying in the next book or the last, then it doesn't really matter if they protray it or not.I just don't know. I am super curious to see how far they go with this nasty business - I'm so glad they have added it in at this point in show.Him becoming something like a new Varys would be awful in my opinion, and i don't think it would happen. Varys is other character that i really like and his actions and motivations are also very intriguing, more so if you consider all the possible theories about Backfires and whatnot, but his own mutilation maybe more linked with his secret story yet to be revealed then with his "function" as master of secrets/whispers, so i don't see Theon heading a similar path.Regarding his fate, i indeed do believe his not going to live to see the spring to be honest. It will be very interesting to see how he's going to interact with Stannis and in which way his sister will try to help/use him, if she will end up taking care of him or abandon him after seen all the damage he has suffered, is a very emotionally rich scenario to explore i think.I don't think they will show Theon's castration on screen, but I'm quite sure it will happen, either with the camera showing only Theon's face or with the screen cutting to black. And I am totally convinced that Theon was actually gelded in the books. There are too many hints.I also think the hints are just too many....your signature plus avatar give me the creeps when thinking about the next episode.The main issue with Theon's storyline from here till ADWD is that I'm imagining it just being a straight up torture fest in the dungeons of the Dreadfort. Since they cannot possibly show a character just being tortured physically and emotionally for seasons on end, they're going to have to start limiting what we see of Theon and Ramsay going forward. No one wants to watch Theon get marbleized again and again...and if you do, you're a sick puppy! lolThis also puzzle me, there's too much time until Roose come back to use him and he gets a little break off all the torture, i honestly don't know how they will balance the scenes, it will be interesting to see.I won't argue that it's heinous and disturbing, because it is. But Theon undergoes some sort of catharsis during aDwD that was wonderful to read. In the books, his chapters in aDwD were arguably the best because of how emotional and thought provoking it was. While Ramsay no doubt takes it too far, that's what it took for Theon to drop his whole arrogant and childish demeanor and come to terms with what he's done, and what he ought to do going forward.We also don't 'see' it happen, it's all flashback and reflection. George also explores some contraversial territory that other authors won't convey, that there are some straight up sick bastards in every world, real or imagined. It's horror and it's gross but symbolically for me, Ramsay literally stripping off his skin is like an unraveling of Theon's person - that deep down he's not a huge dick, and beneath those layers of brutality and selfishness was a boy/man who isn't altogether that bad. I can see why it can be too much for people, and I often struggled to read some of it, but it was also fascinating. I'd never read anything like that and particularly not in a non horror genre.I was going to write something similar to what you wrote, but you expressed exactly my thoughts, only in way better words, i completely agree.The way the narrative unfolds, where we don't witness most of the brutal parts of the torture, only seeing the results in a utterly broken and frightened Theon who don't even dares to remember who he is in effort to escape and forget all the terrible suffering he got through, to gradually recovering his mind, not as his old self, a different one with a different perspective of what he have done and become. With all the talking about redemption , it is or not what the character deserve, all the hate/love/forgive, for the most part is misplaced in my opinion, what i really think it is just great to read such great character and narrative development. And that's what worries me accompanying the show, they already hasted part of Theon reflection and regret in previous episodes, and if they go to explicitly with all the torture maybe will be perceived by the public as something gratuitous and unnecessary, it could be a huge waste.
2497	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Yeah I am not sure whether he has been flayed or gelded. And that not knowing is the worst thing about it. If they do it 'right', then they will make clear that 'something' happens but never let on precisely what. I am dreading hearing "Please, cut it off. Please!"
@ IceManCeasar - Its not that people 'love' it because they are happy with the story, its because of what the story does to you as a reader.
Firstly there is the whole struggle of a man going through an extraordinary ordeal and yet still has that tiny piece of himself inside. That tiny spark that refused to die. Theon will have a very important part to play by the end I have no doubt.
Secondly there is how the story makes the reader examine themselves. Theon was a villain. In typical fiction once the villain gets their come-uppance their story is done. GRRM isn't letting this be a typical fiction, or perhaps he is even saying that the typical 'villain getting their come-uppance' trope is a convenient lie we tell to ourselves. We are forced to examine our own justifications for what happens.
I honestly feel that those who say "Theon deserves everything" are just trying to deal with the shock. Its what I was doing when I first read it. GRRM would give you a brick to the face and you think 'Seven hells, thats.... just...... wrong"
(insert emotional turmoil)
(activate defence rationalisation)
"Well he is a villain so he deserves it!"
- Then GRRM smacks you in the face again and again and again until it gets harder to rationalise it away.
The reason why the Theon story is so 'loved' by people isn't because of what GRRM does to him, its because of what he does to you.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 03 May 2013 - 12:35 AM.
2498	IceManCeaserKOTN	2013-05-03	Cheers for all the input! I'm thinking I won't be able to really understand it unless I read the books but the fact that the torture stuff is all past tense/memories changes things. I've gained a better perspective and I think my problem is with how the show is handling it, not with the books. It's interesting to look at this is an extreme redemption story as well as pushing the readers limit's of wanting to see a villain "get what's coming to him." Can someone lose literally everything including their identity and still rise again and find redemption? I can see now why people love the storyline in the book, raises a lot of interesting questions. I knew I was missing something.
2499	TheDarkOne	2013-05-03	One of the biggest failings of the show is to not show more graphic torture of Theon. So far we have seen very little if anything done to him.
Perhaps they are saving the castration for the last few episodes but it definitely needs to be included and hopefully they will be brave enough to show it, but perhaps from a suitable distance. If you think of the scene where Joff had the lads tongue removed, I would see the same thing for Theon.
Ramsey and Roose or whomever could be speaking, and it the background you see Ramsey's men de-junk Theon.
2500	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-03	There is one thing more disturbing than showing it. This: not showing it.
Have the camera on Ramsay as it happens but you can hear Theon.... even have 'Stuck in the Middle With You' playing.
2501	Dove	2013-05-03	The biggest failing of this arc so far is being aimless and seemingly pointless to viewers who don't already know what's going on, not failing to show graphic torture. It would be completely pointless to make the torture more explicit, that's not what this storyline needs at all. Your imagination is always worse than what they could show on screen.
After Jaime's stump this episode I could see them showing a little gore, but I sincerely hope they don't drag Theon's story out with a lot of repetitive "hey, remember this guy? he's still getting tortured. gross huh?? well, time to go~" scenes when there's better things to spend time on.
2502	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-03	Two big reasons they are showing Theon's torture/descent into Reek. 
- Establish Ramsay. When Joffers dies, they'll need a good villain to take his place. Ramsay proves himself in ADWD to be worse than Joffrey, but no one wants to wait that long since Joff will be dead by early next season (possibly this season but I don't think so). Sure, there are plenty of villainous characters, but dudes like Roose and Tywin are classy villains, and Littlefinger is a sneaky one. It's better to keep in a plain psycho for contrast. Also, readers have seen him before this point. He's introduced in what would be season 2, but his plotline got moved and streamlined to this season since it would've been too much for season 2. 
- Fill in Theon's absence. In ADWD, Theon remembers the tortures visited on him and we get disturbed, in addition to the awfulness his present state. The show doesn't use flashbacks or internal narration. The book is able to show how he goes from Theon to Reek but it would be too much of a shift for TV as we aren't in his head. It's better for viewers to see it. 
- On a more technical side, the actors need a block of time for contracts. Actors leaving the show for two seasons and returning as main characters are hard to swing because of their schedules. Plus, his arc last season ended on way too much of a cliffhanger for him to disappear that long. 
I don't think it's wrong to find Theon's plotline compelling. Yes, it's gruesome and painful, but the actors are really talented. Some people watch TV to be emotionally invested. I like his storyline because it's moving and has a lot of character development. I don't think it's going to be "hmm, what can we do to abuse Theon?" every ep for two seasons.
2503	Leto Atreides	2013-05-03	All I hope is that Theon's journey will be as horrible as it was in the book. 
When you see how they turned Arya's captivity in Harrenhal into "summer camp with grandpa Lannister", there is a chance they will tone down the torture and psychological torment.
2504	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-03	There is one important aspect about this, which I am not sure if it had already been mentioned. The books tell a story from points of view. Using this technique, it is possible, in the books, to first demonstrate how broken reek is and slowly reveal his true identity as Theon, by recalling some of the gruesome torture acts performed by Ramsay. This is totally impossible to depict in TV. Furthermore, they had to keep the actor during this season, since he was an audience favorite. Therefore, the only logical solution to this problem is to show all the torture he went through. This storyline also helps to gradually build the Boltons as villains. They are rushing these scenes for the RW, when I believe they will reveal Ramsay's identity.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 03 May 2013 - 03:51 AM.
2505	Conchobar	2013-05-03	All I hope is that Theon's journey will be as horrible as it was in the book.When you see how they turned Arya's captivity in Harrenhal into "summer camp with grandpa Lannister", there is a chance they will tone down the torture and psychological torment.plol, I fuckin hope not.
2506	lostinasia	2013-05-03	There is the whole struggle of a man going through an extraordinary ordeal and yet still has that tiny piece of himself inside. That tiny spark that refused to die. Theon will have a very important part to play by the end I have no doubt.Cool. I can't believe the Gollum/Theon parallel never occurred to me before - I'm not sure if you're deliberately near-quoting Gandalf here, but thanks for helping me think of that!
2507	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-03	Im surprised to see several people that expect Theon's genital mutilation to be part of the show. HBO has taken most of that kind of physical brutality out of the story. Cost is a factor, but showing torture is always going to be very touchy. I'll be surprised if we get much of the descent into Reek.
2508	Tirilei	2013-05-03	GRRM would give you a brick to the face and you think 'Seven hells, thats.... just...... wrong"(insert emotional turmoil)(activate defence rationalisation)"Well he is a villain so he deserves it!"- Then GRRM smacks you in the face again and again and again until it gets harder to rationalise it away.That's an interesting description there. More and more, from what I read here about the books, it sounds as if he created a world without hope.
2509	AliKat	2013-05-03	I'm one of the people that feels that the Theon/Ramsey story has been given too much air time this season. Considering that certain character storylines will flat out end this season completely - they should have put off Theon/Ramsey until Season 4 IMO or at least less of it now. He's had more screen time than Robb, Cat or Jon from what I can tell. I get that everyone ended up liking Alfie's Theon a lot and I think he's played it brilliantly. I never liked the character and never will but don't want to see him being tortured for 2-3 seasons. I don't want to see anyone tortured for extended periods of time - not even ones like Joffrey! Its a bit much for anyone to watch.
That said, I don't know why they have devoted SO much time to him and so little to other more important characters at the moment (he's had more screen time than Stannis and Davos as well!) Give me some Robb or Cat for a few episodes or Jon, Tormund, and Ygritte doing the Wildling things and bypass the flaying please.
2510	Tone	2013-05-03	Curious if they will have another escape sequence with Theon. Maybe introduce Kyra? Have them escape together and Ramsay hunt them down. They have to do more than just have him tortured on the X for S4.
2511	IceManCeaserKOTN	2013-05-03	One of the biggest failings of the show is to not show more graphic torture of Theon. So far we have seen very little if anything done to him.Perhaps they are saving the castration for the last few episodes but it definitely needs to be included and hopefully they will be brave enough to show it, but perhaps from a suitable distance. If you think of the scene where Joff had the lads tongue removed, I would see the same thing for Theon.Ramsey and Roose or whomever could be speaking, and it the background you see Ramsey's men de-junk Theon.Yikes...Anyways, I have my own theories as to why it's in the book/show but that's for another day. I don't think the people wanting torture scenes will be disappointed. They skipped all the great stuff that builds Ramsay as a villain before he captures Theon and are solely using the torture to do it. It's pretty clear they want to show the torture stuff, gets people talking about the show in a "OMG did you see what they're doing to Theon" way. Lazy, but effective.Given my tastes I don't think i will ever enjoy this storyline even with looking for a deeper meaning but I understand why others could now. We'll have to see Theon's story fully play out but a lot of my questions will be answered when we see if there is any true redemption for his character.
2512	teemo	2013-05-03	I don't know.  It's HBO and they can do whatever they want, but as an example (someone mentioned above), I was so excited about Arya's brutal journey in book 2 with the Mountain's clan and her time at Harrenhal, and then instead she spends most of her time in a cozy job with the affable Tywin Lannister, who was acting like her grandpa.  Maybe Theon and Ramsay will become BFF for all I know.
2513	Joyful Union	2013-05-03	I don't know.  It's HBO and they can do whatever they want, but as an example (someone mentioned above), I was so excited about Arya's brutal journey in book 2 with the Mountain's clan and her time at Harrenhal, and then instead she spends most of her time in a cozy job with the affable Tywin Lannister, who was acting like her grandpa.  Maybe Theon and Ramsay will become BFF for all I know.I thought that in the books, most of her time at Harrenhal was being a servant to Roose, or scrubbing steps for Weese.
2514	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-03	I think Theons gelding may be suggested even if its not actually shown on TV
2515	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	I don't know.  It's HBO and they can do whatever they want, but as an example (someone mentioned above), I was so excited about Arya's brutal journey in book 2 with the Mountain's clan and her time at Harrenhal, and then instead she spends most of her time in a cozy job with the affable Tywin Lannister, who was acting like her grandpa.  Maybe Theon and Ramsay will become BFF for all I know.She gets beaten a few times but otherwise she's just doing peasant work. I don't think anybody wants to actually see a 12 year old or close enough girl getting her ass beat (literally), nor would they want to film it. We see brutality before Tywin shows up and after that it's some awesome dialogue. Theon is different in that he's a grown man. Much easier to film that so I wouldn't draw any conclusions from the showrunners hesitating to show a young girl getting molested.
2516	iheartseverus	2013-05-03	I can't think where else to ask this--browsing pics and background re Iwan Rheon as Ramsay, I keep running across this statement, as a caption on fanpics, etc.  Its always presented in quotes, so its (duh) a quote from somebody somewhere.  Anybody know what this is?
"The Boltons are cruel and cunning, but this one seems a beast in human skin."
2517	teemo	2013-05-03	She gets beaten a few times but otherwise she's just doing peasant work. I don't think anybody wants to actually see a 12 year old or close enough girl getting her ass beat (literally), nor would they want to film it. We see brutality before Tywin shows up and after that it's some awesome dialogue. Theon is different in that he's a grown man. Much easier to film that so I wouldn't draw any conclusions from the showrunners hesitating to show a young girl getting molested.I'm not going to fight over it, I just personally didn't like all of the changes.  No, I didn't want it direct from book to show, but I did feel Arya's storyline was watered down overall and was disappointed.  So I'll just a
2518	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	I didn't mean it in an argumentative manner, I just meant that Arya's storyline not being so brutal is not really indicative of whether or not Theon's will be, since depicting brutality toward such a young girl is not really in the same ballpark as it would be toward a grown man.
Although they did show a newborn baby getting stabbed with a dagger in S2 so really none of us know what's coming lol.
My apologies if I came off as fighting.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 03 May 2013 - 05:40 PM.
2519	ServantOnIce	2013-05-03	Yeah, my feeling is that they will show a scene about it that will leave no doubt it happened. Probably not graphic; we won't see any close ups.Just like how in the books the Loras and Renly homosexual relationship was only hinted at, but HBO left no doubt about it.Yep, same for Mel and Stannis having sexual intercourse. The show goes lowest common denominator at times. But that is why television is inferior to literature.
2520	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-03	I can't think where else to ask this--browsing pics and background re Iwan Rheon as Ramsay, I keep running across this statement, as a caption on fanpics, etc.  Its always presented in quotes, so its (duh) a quote from somebody somewhere.  Anybody know what this is?"The Boltons are cruel and cunning, but this one seems a beast in human skin."It's a quote from ADWD, referring to Ramsay. I'm pretty sure it's Glover talking to Davos.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 03 May 2013 - 09:19 PM.
2521	The Bear	2013-05-03	I don't know why people think the torture is too brutal for HBO. Did anyone ever see Oz? Brutal graphic rapes, guy gets burned alive, "cut" and has his member shoved in his mouth, guy beats another guy bloody and defecates in his mouth... all onscreen, and that was back in the nineties. It was every bit as bad as Theon's torture in a lot of ways, and the whole series was built around it, more or less.
I kinded of LOLed at 'only had his dick flayed' because god, that is about as bad as you can get with genital mutilation. I don't really care about the torture (as in how it's depicted) as long as Ramsay and Theon are characterised properly and Theon's descent into Reek and change back to Theon is done justice.
2522	teemo	2013-05-03	I don't know why people think the torture is too brutal for HBO. Did anyone ever see Oz? Brutal graphic rapes, guy gets burned alive, "cut" and has his member shoved in his mouth, guy beats another guy bloody and defecates in his mouth... all onscreen, and that was back in the nineties. It was every bit as bad as Theon's torture in a lot of ways, and the whole series was built around it, more or less.I kinded of LOLed at 'only had his dick flayed' because god, that is about as bad as you can get with genital mutilation. I don't really care about the torture (as in how it's depicted) as long as Ramsay and Theon are characterised properly and Theon's descent into Reek and change back to Theon is done justice.True that...I'm a long-time HBO fanatic and Oz is one of the most sexually fucked up shows I've ever seen.  I doubt GoT would go nearly as far as that, but they could.  HBO has made it very clear over the years that they don't care how far shows wants to go.  Oz was actually started as an experiment in a way to see how far they could go on television, and there weren't any real rules and they had 100% total creative freedom and couldn't believe the stuff HBO would let them do.  HBO execs always said, "Do what you want!"  It was a really interesting anything-goes experiment that actually turned into a really, really good show.  Point is, HBO is really down with whatever the show wants.  And I laughed at that line too /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2523	The Bear	2013-05-03	Yup, I totally agree with you. We don't have HBO in Australia, but we have a channel that calls itself 'the home of HBO' and is generally where HBO shows go during their initial run. Oz was one of the few shows to never get reruns on different channels, I assume because of how screwed up it was.
So I firmly believe, having watched the whole series of Oz, that nothing in ASoIaF is off limits. Disemboweled kids, Theon being flayed, it's all good.
2524	Dove	2013-05-03	Oh, him? He just got flayed. Heh, no biggy. That's pretty much passe at this point. ( /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />)With the brutality of the torture, it just comes down to how it's handled and whether it comes across as artistic or unnecessary and gratuitous - after the baby stabbing and Jaime's stump, I don't doubt they'll go "there" if they feel they need to. At the same time, you can often accomplish a lot more with clever camera angles and unpleasant implications more than with sheer explicitness.With Oz you know what you're getting into when you sit down to watch the show, but with Game of Thrones it's going to be a total mood whiplash if it's not handled carefully. The setting is an admittedly bleak one, but with the way the atmosphere's been handled so far I'm still not sure if people are prepared for witty Machiavellian politics in KL -> awesome time with Arya -> the Adventures of Jon and the wildlings -> the intensely graphic torture of Theon Greyjoy -> back to the QoT in KL talking about prunes. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2525	The Bear	2013-05-03	That's true. Oz does basically show all that stuff in the opening credits just in case you tuned in thinking it was going to be about Dorothy and the Wiz.
I don't doubt it will be handled in a much more subtle way than it was in Oz, which existed to shock, but I also don't doubt the content will be there in some form.
I know this is veering dreadfully OT, but the only scenes I could barely bring myself to watch weren't of the graphic beatings or rapes, but the scenes at the end of the series featuring Cyril. To me they were the most horrific and upsetting and there was no blood, no graphic violence, no swearing or rape or anything like that. Just a mentally-handicapped man with the mind of a child facing death. I think that GoT could be so very effective with Theon's scenes if they show broken bird Theon rather than the torture itself.
					
					
							Edited by The Bear, 03 May 2013 - 10:21 PM.
2526	teemo	2013-05-03	Yes, exactly. GoT showrunners can take it as far if they want, but they'll have more limits than Oz because Oz is about that kind of really messed up stuff and you know this in the very beginning.  I STILL think they'll take it very far though, because GoT has a chance to possibly make one of the most scary and stand-out villains currently on television, especially with such fantastic talent (Rheon).They even may purposely take it really far just to kind of grab attention to it, tbh.  I don't think we'll have a close-up shot of Theon's dick being flayed (I'm sorry, but I laugh when write that), but I think things will get pretty twisted.And you have a good point, chareth - with so much scene-hopping they would probably want to make sure it doesn't follow and isn't followed by anything too cheery.  That would be odd....
					
					
							Edited by schala, 03 May 2013 - 11:07 PM.
2527	The Bear	2013-05-04	Don't worry, I laugh whenever I read about his dick only being flayed too. Not at the OP, just at the irony.Yeah, I do not want to see them segue from 'Cut it off! Please!' into prunes and cheese. I know some people liked the Jaime-Bear and the Maiden Fair mood whiplash but it wouldn't be appropriate for Theon and would undo all the hard work of the writers and actors. I hope they are fairly bold with their depiction of the arc because Ramsay is just so evil and the horror that the reader experiences reading about what he does is very visceral. It would suck if that were lost in translation. I also love the actor they chose, I really think he can carry the role.
2528	Areo Speedwagon	2013-05-04	I think that GoT could be so very effective with Theon's scenes if they show broken bird Theon rather than the torture itself.Hear hear. The opportunity extends past Theon and "Boy."  with Qyburn and Robert Strong, Stannis and Victarion burning people, a man who has merged with a tree, religious fanatics torturing people, and just the general sense of impending starvation and frozen death.  HBO really has an opportunity to do something truly unique in pulling this material of well.  Finding the people in those stories is something I think they'll be able pull off.And as for them showing Theon and Boy too much, I think you'll see Theon start to truly break, then we won't see him for a while.  But then again, I've never once been right in a prediction.
2529	Gilius_Thunderhead	2013-05-04	I kinded of LOLed at 'only had his dick flayed' because god, that is about as bad as you can get with genital mutilation. I don't really care about the torture (as in how it's depicted) as long as Ramsay and Theon are characterised properly and Theon's descent into Reek and change back to Theon is done justice.And I laughed at that line too /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Oh, him? He just got flayed. Heh, no biggy. That's pretty much passe at this point. ( /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />)Don't worry, I laugh whenever I read about his dick only being flayed too. Not at the OP, just at the irony.Just to clarify what i wrote so that i don<U+0080><U+0099>t provoke any more laughs over the dick flaying matter.When I said <U+0080><U+009C>only<U+0080><U+009D> had his dick flayed, I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t meant to assuage the act itself, I understand that it is just as awful if not worst than the maiming of the organ, I meant that it could be that only his <U+0080><U+009C>member<U+0080><U+009D> was disfigured and his balls/ballsack were left unspoiled.I<U+0080><U+0099>m really sorry to go overly explanatory, it<U+0080><U+0099>s just to clarify so it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t come across as something insensitive and inappropriate.I<U+0080><U+0099>m really intrigued in how they will depict the real Ramsey now that, apparently he will start his <U+0080><U+009C>work<U+0080><U+009D> on Theon. Until now, we only saw the his mischievous side, pretending all the boy stuff, I wonder how it will play out when he truly reveals his identity, will he be the imposing threatening <U+0080><U+009C>beast<U+0080><U+009D> resembling the book Ramsay, or it will be a more subtle charming psychopath ? I understand that he can be terrifying in both ways, and being different than the book Ramsay in appearance and overall sadistic behavior its not necessarily worst or better, just different.Other thing that I don<U+0080><U+0099>t know what to expect it<U+0080><U+0099>s the actual Reek descent that Theon supposedly should go through. This has been mentioned before in other threads, but there's no mention until now about the Reek story, and I imagine that the whole rhyming over the name can be very difficult to translate in television form. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think the actual rhyming as it occur in Theon<U+0080><U+0099>s inner dialog will take place, but I also speculate that they will have to come up with something equivalent to show his mental debility and despair.
2530	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-04	Two big reasons they are showing Theon's torture/descent into Reek.- Establish Ramsay. When Joffers dies, they'll need a good villain to take his place. Ramsay proves himself in ADWD to be worse than Joffrey, but no one wants to wait that long since Joff will be dead by early next season (possibly this season but I don't think so). Sure, there are plenty of villainous characters, but dudes like Roose and Tywin are classy villains, and Littlefinger is a sneaky one. It's better to keep in a plain psycho for contrast. I would argue that Cersei becomes a much bigger villain in her AFFC storyline. After Joffrey dies, she descends into madness, especially after being introduced to Qyburn.
2531	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	I would argue that Cersei becomes a much bigger villain in her AFFC storyline. After Joffrey dies, she descends into madness, especially after being introduced to Qyburn.Cersei only facilitates it. Ramsay straight up acts it out himself. It's not really that comparable. As much as I think Cersei becomes a loom, Ramsay is just on another level. He makes Qyburn look like a nurse,
2532	iheartseverus	2013-05-04	Ramsay is just on another level. He makes Qyburn look like a nurse,LOL.  We could make this a meme..Ramsay makes Qyburn look like a nurseRamsay makes Joff look like a mischievious childRamsay makes ....  look like.....Next?
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 04 May 2013 - 10:04 PM.
2533	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Ramsay makes Biter seems like a...well honestly he seems like he'd employ that horrible fuck.
2534	Nezzer	2013-05-04	I never thought I'd laugh so hard for reading about dicks getting flayed  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
2535	The Bear	2013-05-05	Ramsay makes The Mountain look like a gentleman to the ladies and a top rate babysitter for kids under 12Just to clarify what i wrote so that i don<U+0080><U+0099>t provoke any more laughs over the dick flaying matter.When I said <U+0080><U+009C>only<U+0080><U+009D> had his dick flayed, I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t meant to assuage the act itself, I understand that it is just as awful if not worst than the maiming of the organ, I meant that it could be that only his <U+0080><U+009C>member<U+0080><U+009D> was disfigured and his balls/ballsack were left unspoiled.I<U+0080><U+0099>m really sorry to go overly explanatory, it<U+0080><U+0099>s just to clarify so it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t come across as something insensitive and inappropriate.I appreciate where you're coming from, I just respectfully disagree. I think that having your balls cut off would be a huge mercy if the other option is having ones penis flayed and then cut off. I don't think it's one of those things where you can say 'yes, he had his dick flayed, but at least his testicles are unharmed'. It seems odd, even somewhat comical to some people, because most people would consider being castrated far less torturous than having their penis flayed and amputated.I'm just trying to explain what's been kind of funny for those of us having a chuckle. I don't mean you any disrespect at all.I<U+0080><U+0099>m really intrigued in how they will depict the real Ramsey now that, apparently he will start his <U+0080><U+009C>work<U+0080><U+009D> on Theon. Until now, we only saw the his mischievous side, pretending all the boy stuff, I wonder how it will play out when he truly reveals his identity, will he be the imposing threatening <U+0080><U+009C>beast<U+0080><U+009D> resembling the book Ramsay, or it will be a more subtle charming psychopath ? I understand that he can be terrifying in both ways, and being different than the book Ramsay in appearance and overall sadistic behavior its not necessarily worst or better, just different.I totally agree, I'm very interested to see what will happen. Some of the characters have been pretty strictly adapted, while others have for various reasons been given rather loose character adaptation. I can't wait to so what they do with Ramsay. If the actor has the potential to really lose himself in the repulsive creature who is Ramsay Bolton is, I think he could come out of nowhere and pull a phenomenal season.
					
					
							Edited by The Bear, 05 May 2013 - 07:43 AM.
2536	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-05	Ramsay makes The Mountain look like a gentleman to the ladies and a top rate babysitter for kids under 12I appreciate where you're coming from, I just respectfully disagree. I think that having your balls cut off would be a huge mercy if the other option is having ones penis flayed and then cut off. I don't think it's one of those things where you can say 'yes, he had his dick flayed, but at least his testicles are unharmed'. It seems odd, even somewhat comical to some people, because most people would consider being castrated far less torturous than having their penis flayed and amputated.I'm just trying to explain what's been kind of funny for those of us having a chuckle. I don't mean you any disrespect at all.I totally agree, I'm very interested to see what will happen. Some of the characters have been pretty strictly adapted, while others have for various reasons been given rather loose character adaptation. I can't wait to so what they do with Ramsay. If the actor has the potential to really lose himself in the repulsive creature who is Ramsay Bolton is, I think he could come out of nowhere and pull a phenomenal season.I may be in the minority but I believe HBO has got it spot on with casting Iwan Rheon as Ramsay.I truely believe we have only seen the tip of the iceberg and much more and much better is about to come from Iwan. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2537	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-05	I may be in the minority but I believe HBO has got it spot on with casting Iwan Rheon as Ramsay.I truely believe we have only seen the tip of the iceberg and much more and much better is about to come from Iwan. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />I whole-heartedly agree and have been championing this casting decision from the first episode of the season. He's going to be brilliant.
2538	Gilius_Thunderhead	2013-05-05	Ramsay makes The Mountain look like a gentleman to the ladies and a top rate babysitter for kids under 12I appreciate where you're coming from, I just respectfully disagree. I think that having your balls cut off would be a huge mercy if the other option is having ones penis flayed and then cut off. I don't think it's one of those things where you can say 'yes, he had his dick flayed, but at least his testicles are unharmed'. It seems odd, even somewhat comical to some people, because most people would consider being castrated far less torturous than having their penis flayed and amputated.I'm just trying to explain what's been kind of funny for those of us having a chuckle. I don't mean you any disrespect at all.I totally agree, I'm very interested to see what will happen. Some of the characters have been pretty strictly adapted, while others have for various reasons been given rather loose character adaptation. I can't wait to so what they do with Ramsay. If the actor has the potential to really lose himself in the repulsive creature who is Ramsay Bolton is, I think he could come out of nowhere and pull a phenomenal season.I think i keep expressing myself incorrectly. I didn't meant to say that having one's penis destroyed but keep one's testicles intact is a better state to be in, than being completely/literally emasculated, the "only" was just in the quantifying sense. Sorry if I wasn't clear, i'm still struggling on the writing department when it comes to english. I completely agree with you that it could be even more anguishing and frustrating, i don't find it comical at all, I myself have serious issues with the subject, its something that disturbs me deeply, which makes even more awkward to keep writing about. Sorry again! And I didn't find any of the posts disrespectful, just was trying to say that i'm not joking about the subject.By the preview of the next episode, things will get gruesome pretty quickly.
					
					
							Edited by Gilius_Thunderhead, 05 May 2013 - 10:32 PM.
2539	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-06	No one wants to watch Theon get marbleized again and again...and if you do, you're a sick puppy! lolIndeed. It's already starting to wear me out.
2540	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-08	I'll Pay the Iron Price wrote:I think Theon's gelding may be suggested even if its not actually shown on TV.Plenty of ways to show (or mention it) without getting too graphic (frankly, even the pinky-flaying bothered me: I'm squeamish!):1.  Facial reaction shot (already mentioned by someone on here).2.  Establishing shot:  Theon tied to the X-posts, back to the camera.  Ramsay approaches with a blade and does *something* in Theon's crotch area.  Viewers aren't sure what, only that knife is now bloody.  Bonus points if this is the spot where Theon breaks completely.3. Theon (tied or not), wearing bloody bandage in the groin area.  Ramsay wouldn't want his new plaything to bleed to death, now would he?  They're no FUN after they're dead (unless he's into gay necrophilia -- and, while I wouldn't put it past him, I don't want to see it onscreen, either!*).4.  Ramsay taunting Theon about it.  "That's what they say about Ironborn men . . . but you're not really a *man* any more, are you?"  "Pity Balon Greyjoy has no *sons.*"  Or something like that.Or some combination.*Not gay-bashing; it's the necro that would bug me!
					
					
							Edited by Sam with Hooters, 08 May 2013 - 10:21 AM.
2541	Mr Hodor	2013-04-29	I absolutely love her smirks when a plot is being carried out. I think she is doing a great job as cersei.
2542	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Thought about making a thread like this but yeah she has been amazing, Her "Blackwater" performance is one of my favorites on the show and she has been so great in season 3 so far.
2543	Knight	2013-04-29	She nails Cersei, in my opinion. I reckon in upcoming seasons she will be performing Cersei's paranoid side flawlessly. Her facial expressions really portray her character's inner motivations and thoughts.
ETA: typo.
					
					
							Edited by Knight, 29 April 2013 - 04:11 PM.
2544	Drogo_1	2013-04-29	I want her to commit to doing the walk of punishment. She should honor the books in this. She has been very good so far but she shouldn't be afraid of nudity. She's been naked in other work and the walk of punishment will be deminished if she's not. Just MHO
2545	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	She nails Cersei, in my opinion. I reckon in upcoming seasons she will be performing Cersei's paranoid side flawlessly. Her facial expressions really portrat her character's inner motivations and thoughts.Indeed.  She is superb week in and week out.
2546	The Killer Snark	2013-04-29	Lena Headey's faux-innocent smirks are about the sexiest on television. She's been one of the most consistently excellent cast members right from the start of the programme. Nicole Kidman, who would have otherwise been my dream choice, couldn't have done a better job.
IMO, Headey will feel no qualms about the Walk of Shame scene, or at least I hope not, since she's done full frontal nudity before.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 29 April 2013 - 03:57 PM.
2547	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-29	Thought about making a thread like this but yeah she has been amazing, Her "Blackwater" performance is one of my favorites on the show and she has been so great in season 3 so far.Actually I didn't find her convincing when she was acting drunk. Her weakest performance imo. In every other episode she's been astonishing though.
2548	flinn	2013-04-29	Yes, so many are freaking outstanding actors/actresses. Leana Headey is certainly one of them. While watching the previous episode with friends I pointed out what a great actor Dance was in the Cersei/Tywin encounter and my friend immediately said BOTH.
I loved her eyeroll while he continued to write and ignore her.
2549	SilentSense	2013-04-29	She's a very good actress for sure. The Lannisters are all remarkably well cast. Tyrion probably the worst tbh.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 29 April 2013 - 04:26 PM.
2550	teemo	2013-04-29	I don't know why, but she's one of my least favorite Lannister actors. I don't feel like the actress gets Cersei at all, and she's one of the very few book characters that I still don't link with their respective show actor.  I love Dance and Dinklage though.
2551	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I just want to slap her (Cersei) which means Lena is simply doing it right... even though her views on and her ideas about her character are sometimes wrong. That said I love cocky female characters like Cersei and Lena's portrayal of Cersei's cockiness above all has been spot on. Her expressions are simply gold, although sometimes over the top when the focus is not directly on her (much like Ser Rodrik...) Curse those idiots who spit at her in malls!
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 04:43 PM.
2552	Xasthur	2013-04-29	Actually I didn't find her convincing when she was acting drunk. Her weakest performance imo. In every other episode she's been astonishing though.You're right. She became so good as Cersei, but those drunk scenes in Blackwater... did she even sip at the glass?? I don't know if anybody has seen the special version with the actors commenting the scenes on the DVD, but Peter Dinklage makes fun of that over and over. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />If you guys think that was well delivered you have never seen a drunk girl/woman /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2553	Xasthur	2013-04-29	I just want to slap her (Cersei) which means Lena is simply doing it right... even though her views on and her ideas about her character are sometimes wrong. That said I love cocky female characters like Cersei and Lena's portrayal of Cersei's cockiness above all has been spot on. Curse those idiots who spit at her in malls!They do WHAT?? I don't want to live on this planet anymore... i wouldn't even reckonize her because of her black hair and tatoos though.
2554	teemo	2013-04-29	I agree about the Blackwater scene, it's actually a comment I've made a lot before...some people were calling it "Emmy-worthy" and she didn't even seem the slightest bit drunk to me.
2555	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	She's wonderful. Absolutely love her.
2556	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-29	love her, especially when she spoke to littlefinger -- you could hear the victory cheers
2557	Red Knight	2013-04-29	thumbs up for lena, he and jamie actor are simply brilliant
2558	Dove	2013-04-29	Lena Headey is ridiculously fantastic. I love her and her crazy eyebrows.
I pretty much can't wait for Cersei's AFFC material just to see how Lena Headey tackles it.
2559	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	She is awesome. I've loved Lena for quite some time. First time I watched Game of Thrones (i was by myself) i kept on saying: Luce is that you? No.... yess it's really you. hahaha.
Lena is great as Cersei. Love the smirkes. She is great at playing evil. And i really hope they keep the walk of shame!
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 29 April 2013 - 05:11 PM.
2560	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	Lena plays Cersei with nuance and skill. I really enjoy her performance. However, she doesn't play Cersei how I always interpreted her character. I've had an extremely specific image of Cersei's appearance, demeanor, and mannerisms--I just imagine her to be a bit spicier and not always so composed and regal as Lena portrays her. Still, I think Lena brings a lot of life to the character, and I'm very comfortable with her portrayal of Cersei.
2561	The Night's Prince	2013-04-29	Lol she did a good job at getting punked by Tywin. Loved that scene! lololololololol
2562	Caryn Stark	2013-04-29	She's awesome. I cannot wait to watch her as Cersei becomes more and more like Robert. Hahaha.
2563	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	I hope that Cersei does become more obviously unhinged by the time AFfC is adapted, but Headey is fine at adding credibility to roles that otherwise a different actress might have put on the verge of pantomime. Her performance in Dredd is an example. Charlize Theron was excellent in Snow White and the Huntsman: deliciously OTT, but the performance worked for that movie. Since Cersei is already an over the top character, it's probably best to play that down a bit, to save her seeming like a pantomime dame.
In response, of course, to people who claim that she isn't 'Cersei-like' enough.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 30 April 2013 - 03:14 AM.
2564	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	I laughed when her marrying Loras came up but I felt sorry for her when she said "father, please don't make me do it again" with tears in her eyes. Made me forget what a horrible person she is in favor of the side of her that was abused by Robert (by today's standards at least)
Also, while I do think the Walk she does will best be done with her fully naked, I wouldn't blame Lena for not wanting to do it. The book came out after the show. Unless GRRM was that specific to D&D about future plots and they told her before she signed the contract, she probably didn't know about the Walk she might have to do.
2565	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	It's about damn time Lena got an appreciation thread. She's fantastic as Cersei, and her increased bitchiness in s3 is closer to the Cersei in the books, so that should keep purists happy. I loved her anguished reaction to Tywin ordering her to marry Loras- it felt like years of pain once again being brought to the forefront.
2566	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	She's a very good actress for sure. The Lannisters are all remarkably well cast. Tyrion probably the worst tbh.Good luck finding a dwarf actor who pulls off Tyrion's dialogues and dry wit off so well.Anyhow, the looks Cersei gives Tyrion are sort of creepy. lol
2567	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	They are kind of hot. I just want to cuddle up to her and stroke her face when she does that.
2568	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	she's been killing it this year. and is it just me or did she get hotter?
2569	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	She's super hot in the show, and that's something because I'm not that attracted to her in real life.  Watching interviews with Lena Headey, it seems she's the complete opposite of her Cersei character, so her acting is great.  To be blunt, she comes across as a loopy spaced-out drunk with a shoe-sized IQ in interviews.  Perhaps that is an act, but man.
2570	Toxspecific	2013-04-30	She's super hot in the show, and that's something because I'm not that attracted to her in real life.  Watching interviews with Lena Headey, it seems she's the complete opposite of her Cersei character, so her acting is great.  To be blunt, she comes across as a loopy spaced-out drunk with a shoe-sized IQ in interviews.  Perhaps that is an act, but man.You take that back Jorah!Jk, well I don't get that impression from her interviews at all. She seems laid back, cool and nice. And she is indeed very different from show Cersei. I think she's slightly conservative (she's a mom now) since apparently her contract with GoT included no nude scenes. Her sex scene with Jaime in the very first episode of season 1 where Bran was pushed was done by a support actress.You can even see her face when Jaime's holding it that it isn't Lena lol.
2571	Robb_Starkers	2013-04-30	Agreed. 
Plus she'd get it hard!
2572	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	You take that back Jorah!Jk, well I don't get that impression from her interviews at all. She seems laid back, cool and nice. And she is indeed very different from show Cersei. I think she's slightly conservative (she's a mom now) since apparently her contract with GoT included no nude scenes. Her sex scene with Jaime in the very first episode of season 1 where Bran was pushed was done by a support actress.You can even see her face when Jaime's holding it that it isn't Lena lol.So mean we won't get to see her  and jaime boning infront of Joffrey's dead body while she's on the rag? ah shucks.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 30 April 2013 - 04:06 AM.
2573	One of Three	2013-04-30	Lena Headey's faux-innocent smirks are about the sexiest on television. She's been one of the most consistently excellent cast members right from the start of the programme. Nicole Kidman, who would have otherwise been my dream choice, couldn't have done a better job. /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />Surely your not comparing Lena to that vacuous black hole!I love Lena in the role I think she does a terrific job as Cersei. In the books she's a bitch, in the TV show she's a bitch with a reason.
2574	Golden Lion	2013-04-30	I'm not sure why everyone is obsessed with Cersei's walk.
If Lena doesn't want to do it they can still shoot with a double and use Lena for face and upper body shots, I mean they have pasties and go knows what else. 
I hope they finally shoot the walk the nudity is the least interesting thing about it.
2575	FattyPeon	2013-04-30	She totally transformed into child-Cersei when her marrying again came up. Man, it was intense. The way she starts off in shock, then when it sinks in she shaking her head like a defiant 7-year old then begging. She's brilliant.
2576	Songlian	2013-04-30	she's been killing it this year. and is it just me or did she get hotter?She is! They've done amazing stuff to her wig,  and maybe she got a facial or two as well. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Seriously now, I think it is meant to portray how much Robert was wearing her down. At least I hope so.
2577	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	I'm not sure why everyone is obsessed with Cersei's walk.They could always tar and feather or sackcloth and ashes her, or film 'around' it, no need for actual nudity if she doesn't want it...
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 05:36 AM.
2578	Golden Lion	2013-04-30	They could always tar and feather or sackcloth and ashes her, or film 'around' it, no need for actual nudity if she doesn't want it... I agree with filming around it. With the right director it could look beautiful.As for the other suggestions, no xD
2579	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	I'm not sure why everyone is obsessed with Cersei's walk. If Lena doesn't want to do it they can still shoot with a double and use Lena for face and upper body shots, I mean they have pasties and go knows what else. I hope they finally shoot the walk the nudity is the least interesting thing about it.The nudity is the whole point! It is necessary since the character is supposed to be unable to be the same person she was before. It's the "tragic act" for Cersei that so many of the other characters face: Jaime - loses his had, Bran - loses his ability to walk,  Sansa - loses her innocence, etc. She needs to lose the thing that defines her.
2580	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	She totally transformed into child-Cersei when her marrying again came up. Man, it was intense. The way she starts off in shock, then when it sinks in she shaking her head like a defiant 7-year old then begging. She's brilliant.Especially on the heels of her gloating over the very same thing happening to Tyrion. So Cersiei!
2581	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-30	I've loved her since Season 1 and she gets better and better. She conveys so much with just her facial expressions. The actors make me love the most unlikable characters.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 30 April 2013 - 09:09 AM.
2582	Golden Lion	2013-04-30	The nudity is the whole point! It is necessary since the character is supposed to be unable to be the same person she was before. It's the "tragic act" for Cersei that so many of the other characters face: Jaime - loses his had, Bran - loses his ability to walk,  Sansa - loses her innocence, etc. She needs to lose the thing that defines her.Yes, but it being explicit nudity isn't the point. I agree the walk needs to be nude, I'm just saying I don't understand why people think it needs to be Lena explicitly naked. It can be just as powerful without being as graphic incase Lena doesn't want to go full frontal for it.
2583	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	Yes, but it being explicit nudity isn't the point.I agree the walk needs to be nude, I'm just saying I don't understand why people think it needs to be Lena explicitly naked. It can be just as powerful without being as graphic incase Lena doesn't want to go full frontal for it.Actually, I think its totally the point. I could walk through a crowd fully clothed any day, but the nudity is what really breaks Cercei's character. But on screen it's a different story. I once got a forum locked because I said something about being excited for it onscreen. Looking back I did phrase it with exactly the wrong words; I mean to say I really will enjoy the villain's downfall, even though its quite brutal. Part of the reason people are excited about Lena specifically doing it, I think, is because they want to see a very real portrayal of Cercei, and up to now Lena has been great at it, even giving us sympathetic moments like her and Tommen on the throne. I think she has done nudity in the past, but as I said before I don't think she should feel obligated to do the scene. I'll completely respect if she declines to do it and they work around it.
2584	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	I don't find her villaneous enough.
2585	Spidey	2013-04-30	I recently watched an Interview session with half the Thrones cast present. Lena was being asked whether she thinks Cersei really loves Jaime. Her answer was that it's not that she loves him but that she wants to be him. That really floored me because it makes perfect sense.. I think she understands Cersei better than I ever did.
					
					
							Edited by Spidey, 30 April 2013 - 10:47 AM.
2586	Golden Lion	2013-04-30	Actually, I think its totally the point. I could walk through a crowd fully clothed any day, but the nudity is what really breaks Cercei's character. But on screen it's a different story. I once got a forum locked because I said something about being excited for it onscreen. Looking back I did phrase it with exactly the wrong words; I mean to say I really will enjoy the villain's downfall, even though its quite brutal. Part of the reason people are excited about Lena specifically doing it, I think, is because they want to see a very real portrayal of Cercei, and up to now Lena has been great at it, even giving us sympathetic moments like her and Tommen on the throne. I think she has done nudity in the past, but as I said before I don't think she should feel obligated to do the scene. I'll completely respect if she declines to do it and they work around it.I think someone said the reason she's turning down nude scenes is because of her son, which is understandable. It won't affect her walk, they can use a body double, shoot around it or just shop her face onto a body double if they really need the full frontal wide shot. I mean they've taken entire people out of the scenes before (extras on their iphones) shopping lena's face onto a body should hardly break the budget.
2587	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I assume that for the walk, they will just have the septas making it clear she will have be completely naked. Then she'll ask for shoes and they'll deny them. And then for the actual walking, the easiest way to do it, I think, would be to do one of those over the shoulder, behind the back shots, and a few shots of her face...that way we can still see her breaking down but we also get a good look at her power dissolving as we see the faces of the people realizing she's no better than they are.
2588	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	Looking back I did phrase it with exactly the wrong words; I mean to say I really will enjoy the villain's downfall, even though its quite brutal. Part of the reason people are excited about Lena specifically doing it, I think, is because they want to see a very real portrayal of Cercei, and up to now Lena has been great at it, even giving us sympathetic moments like her and Tommen on the throne.But that's just one part of the story! It has to be a nude walk because at the start of the walk we are ALL cheering. Finally she gets what she deserves. But as the walk continues, the enthusiasm dies down. By the second stumble/fall, we are struggling with conflicted feelings over the devastating nature of this act and by the end, we are completely sympathetic to the character for just having competed it! It is needed just as it is written in order to change the audience as much as the character. We don't need to zero in on her womanly parts but it must be explicitly shown that she is naked for all to see her and judge her if we are to see her in a new light by the end of the walk.
2589	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I wasn't conflicted. or sympathetic. It changed relatively little about my view of Cersei. I was just glad she would probably finally be quiet and out of the picture now.
2590	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-30	But that's just one part of the story! It has to be a nude walk because at the start of the walk we are ALL cheering.  Finally she gets what she deserves. But as the walk continues, the enthusiasm dies down. By the second stumble/fall, we are struggling with conflicted feelings over the devastating nature of this act and by the end, we are completely sympathetic to the character for just having competed it! It is needed just as it is written in order to change the audience as much as the character. We don't need to zero in on her womanly parts but it must be explicitly shown that she is naked for all to see her and judge her if we are to see her in a new light by the end of the walk.I think it's a stretch to assume that everyone is completely sympathetic to her by the end of the walk.  It would take much more than her suffering shame for a few minutes for me to have even the tiniest bit of sympathy for her character.  That being said, I think it's cool she won't due the nudity, and frankly, I think the nudity is over the top in the show anyway, so the less, the better.  I think they can come up with something equally humiliating without having her nude.
2591	Stargareyen	2013-04-30	I don't find her villaneous enough. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Frankly, my mind refuses to see her as anything other that Queen Gorgo of Sparta. From Season 1, I've been trying to see her as Cersei, but she's not living up to my expectations from the book. Sean Bean, on the other hand, slid smoothly out of Boromir's skin into Ned's.
2592	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-30	You're right. She became so good as Cersei, but those drunk scenes in Blackwater... did she even sip at the glass?? I don't know if anybody has seen the special version with the actors commenting the scenes on the DVD, but Peter Dinklage makes fun of that over and over. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />If you guys think that was well delivered you have never seen a drunk girl/woman /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />You make it sound like drunk girls/women all act in the same manner. If so I'd say that you've seen too few drunk girls/women. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2593	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	I wasn't conflicted. or sympathetic. It changed relatively little about my view of Cersei. I was just glad she would probably finally be quiet and out of the picture now.I think it's a stretch to assume that everyone is completely sympathetic to her by the end of the walk.  It would take much more than her suffering shame for a few minutes for me to have even the tiniest bit of sympathy for her character. I said that we were sympathetic to her having been able to complete the walk but from your comments, perhaps even that much is more sentiments than some readers had for her. I believe that that is what Martin was going for but I can understand that some people will never change their view of a character, regardless of what they have to endure. I know that I, myself, haven't come around to some of the characters I believe Martin had hoped a reader would come around to later in the story.I don't believe she is a good person, that she has been redeemed or that she is even trying to redeem herself but I love her as a character and am thoroughly enjoying the ride I'm being taken on as I read about her journey. I don't expect her to be quiet in the next book but I expect her to be more subdued until she completely implodes, taking as many victims with her as she can.And I wouldn't wish that walk on my worst enemy.
2594	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	See that's the thing, I don't think that that's all that bad. It's not like I form opinions of characters and they don't change no matter what. I just...didn't think it was that horrible, as far as punishments go, especially in the world of westeros. It wasn't nice or anything but I don't think it was this horrible, disgusting thing. It's a far cry from "I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy" territory. Pretty tame, actually.  In my opinion. Punishments are generally supposed to be unpleasant.
2595	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	See that's the thing, I don't think that that's all that bad. It's not like I form opinions of characters and they don't change no matter what. I just...didn't think it was that horrible, as far as punishments go, especially in the world of westeros. It wasn't nice or anything but I don't think it was this horrible, disgusting thing. It's a far cry from "I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy" territory. Pretty tame, actually.  In my opinion. Punishments are generally supposed to be unpleasant.But Cersei is completely broken after the walk. Kevan Lannister was planning on returning her to Casterly Rock in shame. She has lost all her power and will have to rebuild whatever power base she will have in the next book. If by punishment is supposed to be unpleasant you mean it should be physical punishment then I don't agree.  Mental punishment cannot be just as painful. And I expect that she will be completely unstable mentally as a result of this, which appears to be what Varys is hoping for.
2596	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	No, I didn't mean it should be physical, I meant what I said. It should be unpleasant. You shouldn't come away from it just fine or the punishment might as well have not happened.
2597	SeventySeven	2013-04-30	I think it's a stretch to assume that everyone is completely sympathetic to her by the end of the walk. This. I most certainly was not. In fact, I was incredibly surprised by her lack of self-awareness even at that point, so it changed little to nothing for me. I enjoy Cersei as much as I enjoyed Norman Bates in Psycho; it's entertaining. But sympathy for Cersei is very hard to maintain for longer than a few pages.
2598	jons nissa	2013-04-30	This. I most certainly was not. In fact, I was incredibly surprised by her lack of self-awareness even at that point, so it changed little to nothing for me. I enjoy Cersei as much as I enjoyed Norman Bates in Psycho; it's entertaining. But sympathy for Cersei is very hard to maintain for longer than a few pages. I was very sympathetic to her situation during the walk and thought most readers were as well. Guess not.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 30 April 2013 - 03:05 PM.
2599	LordStoneheart	2013-05-02	But that's just one part of the story! It has to be a nude walk because at the start of the walk we are ALL cheering. Finally she gets what she deserves. But as the walk continues, the enthusiasm dies down. By the second stumble/fall, we are struggling with conflicted feelings over the devastating nature of this act and by the end, we are completely sympathetic to the character for just having competed it! It is needed just as it is written in order to change the audience as much as the character. We don't need to zero in on her womanly parts but it must be explicitly shown that she is naked for all to see her and judge her if we are to see her in a new light by the end of the walk.I said that we were sympathetic to her having been able to complete the walk but from your comments, perhaps even that much is more sentiments than some readers had for her. I believe that that is what Martin was going for but I can understand that some people will never change their view of a character, regardless of what they have to endure. I know that I, myself, haven't come around to some of the characters I believe Martin had hoped a reader would come around to later in the story.I don't believe she is a good person, that she has been redeemed or that she is even trying to redeem herself but I love her as a character and am thoroughly enjoying the ride I'm being taken on as I read about her journey. I don't expect her to be quiet in the next book but I expect her to be more subdued until she completely implodes, taking as many victims with her as she can.And I wouldn't wish that walk on my worst enemy.I didn't sympathize or empathize with her before, during, or after the walk. I won't feel sorry for her even when the Valonqar gets her. And I know its just a saying meant to emphasize on how terrible something is... But I would wish anything on my worst enemies; they deserve it, the bastards.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 02 May 2013 - 02:12 AM.
2600	DemiNymph	2013-05-02	Love her. She reminded me of Kiera Knightly. Now Kiera Knightly reminds me of her.
2601	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-02	Want to Marry.
Her expletive laden audio commentary and sheer passion for the role couldn't be any hotter.
So there.
2602	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	I think it's a stretch to assume that everyone is completely sympathetic to her by the end of the walk.  It would take much more than her suffering shame for a few minutes for me to have even the tiniest bit of sympathy for her character.  That being said, I think it's cool she won't due the nudity, and frankly, I think the nudity is over the top in the show anyway, so the less, the better.  I think they can come up with something equally humiliating without having her nude.I don't understand the sympathy for Cersei's walk of shame at all. She's a vile person by then, who has committed several innocents to torture and murder. She lives in a web of lies and corruption that has ruined the lives of dozens of people close to her. Most of it intentionally for reasons no more important than her pride. She's just about as reprehensible a person as you can get by the time of her walk.And her punishment is to get shaved and walk naked in front of the commoners, while under the protection of the military. That's a joke. I would do that to win a drunken bet for free, never mind getting out of prison after being involved in murders, torture, and high crimes against the state.I honestly do not understand how anyone can think of that as real punishment. Real punishment in the medieval period included things like crucifixion, rat torture, the breast ripper, the brank, the pear of anguish, etc... Look some of those things up to see what really punishments were vetted out against women in medieval Europe. I realize that most people wont know about all these things in specifics, but don't people realize how brutal justice was in medieval time overall? The walk of shame is such an easy contrition for a murderer that I can't wrap my head around any reasonable person feeling sympathy for Cersei. The whole reason that the punishment works for Cersei is because she is so narcissistic and vain as to be borderline insane.Edited to add that Lena Hedey is awesome and killing this role.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 02 May 2013 - 08:21 AM.
2603	Winterz	2013-05-02	She's an amazing actress and is portraying Cersei very well.I find it ridiculous that people criticize her because she hasn't read the books nor does she show any interest in ever reading them.She is portraying the script Cersei, not the books Cersei. If you think she's portraying Cersei very differently blame the script writters not Lena. She's doing a fine job.It's an adaptation, not a translation.
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 02 May 2013 - 08:04 AM.
2604	jons nissa	2013-05-02	I don't understand the sympathy for Cersei's walk of shame at all. She's a vile person by then, who has committed several innocents to torture and murder. She lives in a web of lies and corruption that has ruined the lives of dozens of people close to her. Most of it intentionally for reasons no more important than her pride. She's just about as reprehensible a person as you can get by the time of her walk.And her punishment is to get shaved and walk naked in front of the commoners, while under the protection of the military. That's a joke. I would do that to win a drunken bet for free, never mind getting out of prison after being involved in murders, torture, and high crimes against the state.I honestly do not understand how anyone can think of that as real punishment. Real punishment in the medieval period included things like crucifixion, rat torture, the breast ripper, the brank, the pear of anguish, etc... Look some of those things up to see what really punishments were vetted out against women in medieval Europe.probably because it was a punishment used on high born women in the middle ages:George Martin:That was an interesting chapter to write, and based on actual medieval events. Jane Shore, mistress of King Edward IV, was punished that way after Edward died. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t a punishment ever inflicted on men.cersei's thoughts during the event:"I should not have done this. I was their queen, but now they<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen, they<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen, they<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen. I should never have let them see. Gowned and crowned, she was a queen. Naked, bloody, limping, she was only a woman, not so very different from their wives, more like their mothers than their pretty little maiden daughters. What have I done?"
2605	Toxspecific	2013-05-02	The looks she gives Tyrion are so hot.
2606	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	probably because it was a punishment used on high born women in the middle ages:George Martin:That was an interesting chapter to write, and based on actual medieval events. Jane Shore, mistress of King Edward IV, was punished that way after Edward died. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t a punishment ever inflicted on men.cersei's thoughts during the event:"I should not have done this. I was their queen, but now they<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen, they<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen, they<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen. I should never have let them see. Gowned and crowned, she was a queen. Naked, bloody, limping, she was only a woman, not so very different from their wives, more like their mothers than their pretty little maiden daughters. What have I done?"My point is that as far as punishments go, the walk of shame is a joke. It's a drunken bet, not torture. It doesn't make me sympathize with a murderer and torturer of innocents. It actually makes me more resentful of her character, because something so relatively easy to do is what breaks her. The walk of shame is not suffering to a well balanced human being. Cersei suffers dramatically during the walk because she's that vain. Her looks and youth were the only thing about her of any worth, and that's pathetic. If anything, the walk was a good thing for Cersei. She's getting off very easy so far.By comparison, Theon undergoes real torture, humiliation, and suffering. He's suffered more for his crimes than anyone needs to. He's actually become a sympathetic character in his own arc. Jamie to a lesser extent is also maimed and mutilated permanently. Not to mention being held in a dirty cell and malnourished. I can see sympathy for people who suffer this kind of pain and suffering. This is far different from a mildly embarrassing naked walk, which has no long-term or permanent physical harm.
2607	Stannisfan	2013-05-02	Love her and loved her dress this week. Find her hair very distracting though. It is so long I just keep thinking it would be impossible to grow it that long at keep it in good condition, especially when she clearly has the curling tongs on it every day.
2608	jons nissa	2013-05-02	My point is that as far as punishments go, the walk of shame is a joke. It's a drunken bet, not torture. It doesn't make me sympathize with a murderer and torturer of innocents. It actually makes me more resentful of her character, because something so relatively easy to do is what breaks her. The walk of shame is not suffering to a well balanced human being. Cersei suffers dramatically during the walk because she's that vain. Her looks and youth were the only thing about her of any worth, and that's pathetic. If anything, the walk was a good thing for Cersei. She's getting off very easy so far.by your repeated comparison of this punishment to a drunken night out, is it safe for me to assume you are male? if that is a correct assumption, then you really aren't in a position to understand or judge how a woman will and does react to a situation like the WoS. it is not an easy thing for women to endure what cersei did. again, because you are male you've never witnessed girls forced to change for gym in a common room manage to remove their top and put on their gym shirt all without ever being completely exposed. the body, nudity and exposure are very, very different for men and women.next, in a society where women are only allowed to be wives and mothers, their looks and youth are indeed all they have. even the QoT, arguably one of the smarter people in the entire series must navigate carefully and never seem to be overtly in control, but rather must "show" herself to be the ornery older matriarch rather than brains of the family. and brienne, who has dared to try something different, is constantly having her looks discussed, by herself as much as others. the medieval world had very defined roles for women and what their strengths were and, if i'm honest, the modern world isn't as far removed as it should be when it comes to a woman's youth or beauty.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 02 May 2013 - 09:18 AM.
2609	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	by your repeated comparison of this punishment to a drunken night out, is it safe for me to assume you are male? if that is a correct assumption, then you really aren't in a position to understand or judge how a woman will and does react to a situation like the WoS. it is not an easy thing for women to endure what cersei did. again, because you are male you've never witnessed girls forced to change for gym in a common room manage to remove their top and put on their gym shirt all without ever being completely exposed. the body, nudity and exposure are very, very different for men and women.next, in a society where women are only allowed to be wives and mothers, their looks and youth are indeed all they have. even the QoT, arguably one of the smarter people in the entire series must navigate carefully and never seem to be overtly in control, but rather must "show" herself to be the ornery older matriarch rather than brains of the family. and brienne, who has dared to try something different, is constantly having her looks discussed, by herself as much as others. the medieval world had very defined roles for women and what their strengths were and, if i'm honest, the modern world isn't as far removed as it should be when it comes to a woman's youth or beauty.There's a big difference between the shyness of an innocent, unworldly, 14 year old girl and a very sexually experienced 30+ year old woman. Do you really think that Cersei, who has used sex as a weapon and a tradeable commodity for most of her life, is comparable to a 14 year old virgin who has never seen another naked person before? I think that's a pretty terrible comparison. I'd use that comparison for Sansa Stark, not Cersei.Cersei is more like Paris Hilton or Kim Kardasian than she is like an innocent 14 year old virgin. Cersei has been around the block many times. She's manipulated dozens of men, managed a significant spy network through guile, force, sexuality, and power. Hilton and Kardasian's exposure did them no harm at all. They rolled with the punches and actually exploited their 'shaming' to their own purposes.The bottom line is that Cersei is about as far from innocent as a person can possibly be. To sympathize with her as if she's a 14 year old innocent high schooler has nothing to do with my own gender. I'm putting things far more into perspective, to be quite honest. You can assume that I'm a man, or you could assume I'm a girl that's simply been on spring break before, or you could stop worrying about my gender and simply deal with the realities of the character. You're talking about a very experienced woman who is anything but naive and innocent.Also, I provided some real-world examples of actual torture. Some things which we should be very much aware that Cersei, through her agent Qwyburn, has actually inflicted on her own enemies. She has literally condemned innocents to be tortured to death, and Qwyburn has selectively sought out female victims at her hand. This is really the person you want to put in comparison of an innocent high school girl embarrassed at herself in a locker room?I understand being embarrassed about your body when you are a stupid and innocent kid. I don't understand it when you're a full grown adult. I guess it's a credit to Martin that he's able to reach some of his readers with this chapter. But I don't see it as a good thing that people identify with Cersei here. Readers are putting on some major blinders to Cersei's character there.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 02 May 2013 - 10:17 AM.
2610	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	next, in a society where women are only allowed to be wives and mothers, their looks and youth are indeed all they have.One more point on this: Looks are indeed, all that Cersei has. This is to her own discredit. She was born literally into one of the most privileged situations in all of Westeros. But over the course of her life there is very little worthwhile about Cersei other than her physical beauty. I realize that it's traumatic to her to have this fading and exposed. But that's only because she's never taken any time to develop anything deeper than a nice body, a pretty face, and a decent spy networks of criminals. I don't picture the walk of shame breaking Margaery, or the Queen of Thornes, or Dany, or much of any other adult woman in the story, because they all have something more to them than bitterness and jealousy wrapped in a pretty exterior. It's the fact that looks really are all Cersei has that makes her so reprehensible.
2611	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	The Walk of Shame is not a joke in terms of pnishment when it comes down to Cersei. 
Think of her personality, she is vain, narcissistic, proud. This shatters ALL of those things. So I think trivialising this is a pretty dumb thing to do. You've read the books. You know how much this sort of punishment affects Cersei.
Also, as a woman, I would not EVER like to walk naked through a dangerous, murderous, dirty City whilst people shout obscenities at me and throw crap at me. 
So, for a Queen like Cersei, this is unbearable.
2612	jons nissa	2013-05-02	I don't understand it when you're a full grown adult.this is obvious so i will explain it to you. a woman being forced to walk naked and shaved throughout a city is traumatic, demeaning and humiliating. for some, it would be impossible to complete. their age, sexual experience or body awareness would not be factors for making such an act easier or harder. this is a mental punishment that is meant to affect a person's personality. for other women, this walk might be possible but still would be extremely difficult to undertake. i'm not sure why you think comparing modern celebrity women who have not been in this type of situation (sorry, but a sex tape is not comparable) but no woman would be able to complete this walk and then brush it off as if nothing had happened. that's where the gender question comes into play. no woman would ever describe the WoS to a "drunken bet." saying that is a clear indication that you don't understand sexual humiliation or psychological punishment. in any case, it had no affect on you and you believe cersei wasn't punished, that's fine. everyone is entitled to their own interpretation.
2613	zaphodbrx	2013-05-02	WoS was quite humiliating, but in comparison to others its not so bad. This is a world where you could get randomly flayed, burnt alive, crucified, , have your dick cut off and any number of nasty things.
2614	staffred	2013-05-02	Being a recovering alcoholic myself I can assure you that Lena does a fine job acting a person who has had, say, four glasses of whine.
And I think Cersei in the tv-series is better than Cersei in the books. She is brutal, but still human. I think Lena balances it perfectly.
2615	Spring Snow	2013-05-02	My heart broke a little bit at the tone of voice she used when she was pleading with Tywin. It's a vulnerability we haven't really seen  from her yet on the show, and knowing how far she's going to fall yet makes it worse. Cersei is a terribly cruel, narcissistic person, but the walk of shame was absolutely, intentionally grueling, and I don't know what to say if it didn't effect you even a little bit.
I'm very much looking forward to seeing Lena Headey play out Cersei's downward spiral, and her battle of wills with Margaery. She didn't impress me much during the first season, but from season 2 on she's jumped up to my list of personal favorites on the show.
2616	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	this is obvious so i will explain it to you. a woman being forced to walk naked and shaved throughout a city is traumatic, demeaning and humiliating. for some, it would be impossible to complete. their age, sexual experience or body awareness would not be factors for making such an act easier or harder. this is a mental punishment that is meant to affect a person's personality. for other women, this walk might be possible but still would be extremely difficult to undertake. i'm not sure why you think comparing modern celebrity women who have not been in this type of situation (sorry, but a sex tape is not comparable) but no woman would be able to complete this walk and then brush it off as if nothing had happened. that's where the gender question comes into play. no woman would ever describe the WoS to a "drunken bet." saying that is a clear indication that you don't understand sexual humiliation or psychological punishment. in any case, it had no affect on you and you believe cersei wasn't punished, that's fine. everyone is entitled to their own interpretation.I made the modern comparison because you made the modern comparison. You asked me to put myself in the shoes of an imaginary young, innocent high school girl taking her clothes off in the gym, as if that's relevant to Cersei. As I noted, Cersei is much more like Paris Hilton. Again, I made the comparison strictly in response to yours. And mine was far more realistic in terms of character.Now I do agree that anyone can have his own interpretation on things. But I ask you to put things into perspective. Cersei has personally committed many innocents to be tortured to death by Qwyburn. We know that he has a tradition of cutting into live victims to see what makes them tick. We are talking about vivisecting live, innocent people for fun and curiosity. Cersei knows this, and is happy to commit her victims to the most lethal, gruesome physical torture simply because she doesnt like them.The lethal torture is right out there for the reader. It's not hidden and it's not open to many interpretations. We know that Cersei's agent is ripping the vital organs out of people while they are still alive to see how they work inside. Compared to this, how does anyone actually argue that a naked walk through the city, under the protection of the military, is any kind of significant punishment?Now, I understand why Cersie thinks that it's a terrible punishment. She's deranged and narcissitic. But I would expect a well balanced person should see the whole picture here and note that what Cersei is going through is a joke. Jamie is crippled for life. Theon has endured pain and suffering so bad he can't eat. There are multiple characters with the sexual organs brutally ripped off. Tyrion lost his nose. Not to mention the innocents with their vital organs disemboweled by Qwyburn. And Cersei.... got shaved and took a walk.I don't see how that comparison is subject to reasonable interpretation. I realize that there will always be someone with very, very skewed opinions on things. But I don't see anyone really preferring vivisection and mutilation to taking the walk of shame. People take that walk of shame every spring break. People don't intentionally get gutted alive by a madman.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 02 May 2013 - 01:35 PM.
2617	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	I think you have to be more empathetic. Yes, she has committed atrocities, yes she is an abhorrent person. I truly, truly agree with this. 
This punishment to CERSEI is absolutely humiliating, she is made to hate her body, feel ashamed of it. This is a proud, lioness in her mind, and they have shaved off her locks and made her walk naked through the streets. 
I also think you're trivializing it a lot, yes, technically the military are there to defend her, but there have been riots in the city recently, and it doesn't stop people shouting horrible, insulting words at her and throwing whatever. 
Yes, I know to you this might seem like a ''joke'' because of all the evil she has done, so you might not be SYMPATHETIC, however, in understanding the character it might be better to be EMPATHETIC, because from Cersei's point of view, this is AWFUL. 
They have seen her naked, they have seen she is just another aging woman, and we know how much Cersei hates women, this stark contrast of hating herself shatters through all the vain, narcissistic pride she has of herself. 
This punishment really is a massive deal to Cersei. In some ways I think it has more of an affect on her than what possible other punishments would have. This psychological punishment, this shame, is awful to her. 
You really have to be empathetic and understand exactly how Cersei feels about herself prior to this to truly understand the impact it can have. 
YOU personally might not care about a punishment like this, you (are you male?) perhaps feel comfortable in your own body, but can you really say walking through a dirty, dangerous city with people shouting and throwing things at you would be EASY? 
I have a low pain tolerance, but I would still prefer physical punishments to this. Baring myself to a whole city of people who hate me, making me ashamed, hating my body, feeling exposed, and terrified and ugly. This would really, really emotionally effect me for years. This would scar me. And I don't particularly have any pride in my body ANYWAY, so if Cersei, someone who has profound pride in being a lioness, a beautiful and strong and proud Queen, likening herself to common people, feeling exposed and ashamed is just harrowing.
2618	The Killer Snark	2013-05-02	I completely agree with ChromeWeasel. I felt sorry for Cersei for a while during the naked walk, though afterwards she never became better for it. She's still the same old Cersei. She still has to be punished, same as all the other characters who've done something really reprehensible. The walk was merely a symbolic lowering of her status as a prelude to a fall from power. Anyone would take this over getting mutilated, horribly killed or otherwise permanently maimed.
Theda - Without downplaying what Cersei goes through, would you prefer what Theon goes through or Viserys' crown of gold? No-one would. Anyway, I don't want to go off-subject so I'll say no more.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 02 May 2013 - 02:08 PM.
2619	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	Um, would I prefer being tortured over an extended period of time so that I am broken with missing limbs and possibly mutilated genitalia? No. 
Would I like molten gold poured onto my face and head so that I die in absolute agony ? Um, no. 
By physical punishments I mean being beaten, like Sansa was, rather than be psychologically scarred.
2620	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-02	I understand why it's horrible to Cersei, but I don't sympathize with her because she deserves far worse and has inflicted far, far worse things on countless others. Compared to the torture she let Qyburn put on others, the many mutilations committed at her command etc. etc. the walk was indeed a joke. That said, I would've preferred if they had just cut off her head and be done with it. The punishment was after all inflicted for the wrong reasons, and by the wrong person... Martin really has a way of not giving the reader what he wants (in my case, justice) because the walk was hardly anything to cheer about, at most, it was another reason on the list '1000 reasons King's Landing should be burned to the ground'. We may yet come to realize, that King Aerys was right...If it drives Cersei to the point of madness she'll command UnGregor to gloriously rampage through King's Landing, killing Tyrells left and right, I will cheer about it, however.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 02 May 2013 - 02:21 PM.
2621	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	Oh, I think Cersei is an abhorrent person. I guess I'm just a very empathetic person. 
I don't necessarily feel sympathy for her, but I empathise, and there's definitely a difference.
2622	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-02	Oh, I think Cersei is an abhorrent person. I guess I'm just a very empathetic person.I don't necessarily feel sympathy for her, but I empathise, and there's definitely a difference.Empathy really goes beyond sympathy. I think you may be sympathetic towards her since you don't share her feelings but can feel for her in context, as opposed to relating to her which would be pretty weird.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 May 2013 - 02:31 PM.
2623	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Oh, I think Cersei is an abhorrent person. I guess I'm just a very empathetic person.I don't necessarily feel sympathy for her, but I empathise, and there's definitely a difference.Well the original statement was that we feel conflicted and sympathize with her. There are those of us who feel neither of those things, for the reasons that have been stated by people who could put it better than I could.
2624	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	The word I would be using at this juncture is "pity."
2625	Tyrion4President	2013-05-02	She's a very good actress for sure. The Lannisters are all remarkably well cast. Tyrion probably the worst tbh.Id have to argue that Tyrion is possibly the best cast lannister. Being that he is a very specific type of person (Little man) i find it hard to imagine anyone else playing him. The only small actors besides dinklege would be vern troyer, jason accuna aka wee man and warwick davis and i think we all know what everyones reaction would be to that after the HBO april fools joke. With that being said, all of the lannisters are cast amazingly. I could see others playing Cercei though
2626	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	Id have to argue that Tyrion is possibly the best cast lannister. Being that he is a very specific type of person (Little man) i find it hard to imagine anyone else playing him. The only small actors besides dinklege would be vern troyer, jason accuna aka wee man and warwick davis and i think we all know what everyones reaction would be to that after the HBO april fools joke. With that being said, all of the lannisters are cast amazingly. I could see others playing Cercei thoughYeah, although the fact that he's so obviously the correct choice for the role kind of mitigates the credit the casting folks deserve for getting him.  From a pure casting perspective, insofar as finding the right actor for a role is a bit of an art form, especially when going off the beaten track for that actor, I'd say their greatest successes are Maisie Williams and Alfie Allen.
2627	jons nissa	2013-05-02	You asked me to put myself in the shoes of an imaginary young, innocent high school girl taking her clothes off in the gym, as if that's relevant to Cersei.actually no, i didn't ask you to put yourself in the shoes of a young girl. that would be ridiculous. i merely brought up an example that i myself, being more relaxed about the human body in general, found to be very indicative of how nakedness and exposure are very serious to most girls and women. i can share the same example of adult women doing interesting contortions in the locker room of my gym because they don't want to be naked in front of strangers. i don't expect you to put yourself in their place but i also don't expect you to know about that side of women. men usually see women naked when they are lovers so they just don't realize how women frequently hide their bodies in situations other than with their lover.Cersei has personally committed many innocents to be tortured to death by Qwyburn. We know that he has a tradition of cutting into live victims to see what makes them tick. We are talking about vivisecting live, innocent people for fun and curiosity. Cersei knows this, and is happy to commit her victims to the most lethal, gruesome physical torture simply because she doesnt like them.i completely agree. when i first realized that cersei's sentence was a naked walk, i felt very much like you do - that's nothing big. but this punishment is only for her crime of having sex with someone other than a husband, not for any of her serious transgressions. when cersei started her walk, i really expected her to be able to breeze through it but as she continued to walk through the city, i realized it was not at all an easy thing to do. i also tried to put myself in her shoes but even for me, someone who doesn't have as many hang ups about being naked, i have to acknowledge such a walk is a completely different situation that being topless at a beach. it is meant to disgrace and humiliate and for a monarch, that is devastating. for a woman, it could break you. any woman would be seriously affected by such a walk. i really don't expect you to put yourself in those shoes - it's just not possible for you, as a man, to empathize how much such a thing could break a woman, especially a woman that has a public presence. likewise, women cannot easily empathize with some situations men face.I felt sorry for Cersei for a while during the naked walk, though afterwards she never became better for it. She's still the same old Cersei.i don't think that we know yet who the new cersei is and i guarantee (as much as one can with grrm), it will be a different cersei than the one we knew. it's impossible for it to be anything else. i do believe she will try to carry on from where she left off, but i suspect we will see the ongoing effects of this walk in the next book. i doubt she will become a better person, it's just not in her. but i expect her to be received differently and be less sure of her moves.
2628	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-02	I love Lena's portrayal because Cersei is a character that could easily have been played in a much more over-the-top, campy way and Lena rightfully decided to play Cersei in the much more realistic manner of her being icy cold and regal. A woman of her status and position would not be flouncing around like a vixen. She would be an Ice Queen who threw subtle daggers and played her emotions close to vest. I see her stoic disposition as more suitable given that she's had to form a protective shell around herself against the misogyny and pain she's suffered at the hands of her father and husband.
2629	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-02	Any woman being forced to walk naked before masses of ogling people is harrowing, but add in the fact that it's such a PROUD, arrogant woman like Cersei Lannister and that she is the Queen Dowager of All Westeros makes it that much worse. Having to be stripped naked before your subjects is one of the worse things you can do to a monarch. The smallfolk have lost respect for her and the image she wished to portray and Cersei's facade meant everything to her.
2630	Garlan Marius	2013-05-02	Lena does Cersei perfectly.  I think she goes underappreciated, to be honest, but I think all of the female actors not named Maisie are underrated on this show.
2631	ladyinblack	2013-05-02	I think Lena does a fantastic job playing Cersei....she can convey so much with just a smirk or quick glance. superb
2632	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-03	Oh, she's fantastic. At first it was hilarious to watch her smirk die when Tywin said she was going to remarry, but when she said "please don't make me do it again," she sounded so genuinely desperate. I remember thinking how great she was when she confronts and slaps Joffrey. She really loses control and you can feel her dreadful realization that she can't just order him around anymore. I also love her way of sounding so venomously sweet, like when she talks to Sansa about her period. 
I can't wait to see how Lena portrays Cersei's descent into madness.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 03 May 2013 - 02:39 AM.
2633	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	I did like the look on her face after Tywin walks out of the room. It was a good contrast to Tyrion. Tyrion just looked pissed but Cersei looked like she wasn't going to just lie down and take it. She was going to do something to stop it. And that's at least one thing to admire about Cersei. She isn't one to sit back and whine without doing something about her situation. Now, what she does may not always be the smartest thing, but at least she tries.
2634	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-04	Empathy really goes beyond sympathy. I think you may be sympathetic towards her since you don't share her feelings but can feel for her in context, as opposed to relating to her which would be pretty weird.Why? That's what empathy is about. I love to act, I actually want to be an actress, I'm very good at ''putting myself into other's shoes''
2635	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-04	Oh, she's fantastic. At first it was hilarious to watch her smirk die when Tywin said she was going to remarry, but when she said "please don't make me do it again," she sounded so genuinely desperate. I remember thinking how great she was when she confronts and slaps Joffrey. She really loses control and you can feel her dreadful realization that she can't just order him around anymore. I also love her way of sounding so venomously sweet, like when she talks to Sansa about her period.I can't wait to see how Lena portrays Cersei's descent into madness.I am SO looking forward to this you have NO idea
2636	SerGregori	2013-05-04	I do love Lena as Cersei. She is not at all what I pictured when I first read the books, but she has really made the role her own. The more I see of her, the more I think she is gonna freaking nail it when Cersei begins her downward spiral (the drunk blackwater scene was a little taster of that I think). I LOVED her in last years Judge Dredd movie, she's a genuinely talented lady (also doesn't hurt that she's a total babe).
2637	SeventySeven	2013-05-04	The word I would be using at this juncture is "pity."This. Empathy and sympathy are way too strong, given her POVs.i don't think that we know yet who the new cersei is and i guarantee (as much as one can with grrm), it will be a different cersei than the one we knew. it's impossible for it to be anything else. i do believe she will try to carry on from where she left off, but i suspect we will see the ongoing effects of this walk in the next book. i doubt she will become a better person, it's just not in her. but i expect her to be received differently and be less sure of her moves.I'm not so sure. I agree with the poster you were replying to; Cersei's thoughts proved she's incapable of any self-awareness, which means she'll be the exact same Cersei.
2638	teemo	2013-05-04	As I said before, I don't think Heady really understands Cersei and I'm not a huge fan of her portrayal (some of the "insights" she gives into Cersei's character are cringeworthy), BUT - when she really starts to get crazy, maybe the actress will understand her better after all, since I don't think she reads the books.  For now though, not quite impressed.  But lots of potential because she has that look of secretly crazy down pretty well.
As far as Cersei in the books, I'll be surprised if she changes at all, honestly.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 04 May 2013 - 06:58 PM.
2639	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-04	what are her insights? I've never seen them.
2640	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-04	As I said before, I don't think Heady really understands Cersei and I'm not a huge fan of her portrayal (some of the "insights" she gives into Cersei's character are cringeworthy), BUT - when she really starts to get crazy, maybe the actress will understand her better after all, since I don't think she reads the books.  For now though, not quite impressed.  But lots of potential because she has that look of secretly crazy down pretty well.As far as Cersei in the books, I'll be surprised if she changes at all, honestly.In her defense, there's not really much to understand book Cersei. She's the typical evil queen figure that sometimes acts in ways that are pretty much borderline pantomime villainy. It's always irked me that while the Lannister brothers are complex characters with both good and bad attributes, Cersei is just straight up evil.
2641	teemo	2013-05-04	In her defense, there's not really much to understand book Cersei. She's the typical evil queen figure that sometimes acts in ways that are pretty much borderline pantomime villainy. It's always irked me that while the Lannister brothers are complex characters with both good and bad attributes, Cersei is just straight up evil.I agree to a point - but I was always able to empathize with her for some reason (despite how evil she is), and a super-stereotype typical evil queen figure wouldn't make me feel empathy at all.  I've read countless of those kinds of fantasy characters.  I could list a lot of reasons as to why I do empathize with her (to a point) and actually find her pretty intricate, but I'm kind of tired /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It's just different for everyone, I suppose.  I also have some familial situations that are quite disturbingly similar to hers (minus the incest, obviously), was treated by my father much like hers did, and I'm female, so maybe I can relate in some ways that others can't.
2642	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	In case you all missed it. Lena seems as insecure as an average Joe. I love how she refers to herself as having a horseface lol.I like how Neil talks about how the winds were sort of symbolic of Stannis' coming. Never picked up on it but brilliant nonetheless.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=WHjuvXqAT4E
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 10:20 PM.
2643	Dove	2013-05-05	I agree to a point - but I was always able to empathize with her for some reason (despite how evil she is), and a super-stereotype typical evil queen figure wouldn't make me feel empathy at all.  I've read countless of those kinds of fantasy characters.  I could list a lot of reasons as to why I do empathize with her (to a point) and actually find her pretty intricate, but I'm kind of tired /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It's just different for everyone, I suppose.  I also have some familial situations that are quite disturbingly similar to hers (minus the incest, obviously), was treated by my father much like hers did, and I'm female, so maybe I can relate in some ways that others can't.I'm the same way about her. Like Gleeson, Headey gives her Cersei a vulnerability that wasn't really there on the page and it helps her characterization a bunch - though as cartoonishly, mustache-twirlingly evil as she could be in the books sometimes, I couldn't help but find Cersei a touch sympathetic, even if she proved herself a vile person through and through with some of her actions.A lot of her problem is an in-born cruelty and narcissism, true, but she's been embittered and made even worse by the death of her mother, a prophecy of her and her childrens' doom, the rejection of Rhaegar (after Tywin built her up for it), a cold patriarch, a terrible husband, the death of her son and (last but way not least) a toxic patriarchal society in general. Cersei's incredibly strong-willed in her way, one of those "break before she bends" types, and when you combine that with her ego it means she will never really adjust to her society the same way some women like Cat and the QoT were able to.She reminded me of Arya a little bit in her childhood recollections, only more mean-spirited and egotistical obviously. I always wondered if Arya would have trouble adjusting in much the same ways as Cersei if she were forced to live the lady's life.(note that I'm not justifying her actions at all!! because yikes. I just think it's easy to see how she got as bad as she is.)And it goes without saying that Cersei's unraveling is going to be amazing. We've caught a filtered glimpse or two into that Cersei on the show sometimes, most notably the Blackwater episode, but I'm way ready for Lena Headey's take on pure 100% unfiltered Cersei-brand crazy post-ASOS.In case you all missed it. Lena seems as insecure as an average Joe. I love how she refers to herself as having a horseface lol.awwwwEven putting aside how much I enjoy her acting, she seems amazing IRL too. Her commentary tracks are consistently the most hilarious and she seems very charismatic.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 05 May 2013 - 02:06 AM.
2644	Peptalk	2013-05-05	I'm the same way about her. Like Gleeson, Headey gives her Cersei a vulnerability that wasn't really there on the page and it helps her characterization a bunch - though as cartoonishly, mustache-twirlingly evil as she could be in the books sometimes, I couldn't help but find Cersei a touch sympathetic, even if she proved herself a vile person through and through with some of her actions.A lot of her problem is an in-born cruelty and narcissism, true, but she's been embittered and made even worse by the death of her mother, a prophecy of her and her childrens' doom, the rejection of Rhaegar (after Tywin built her up for it), a cold patriarch, a terrible husband, the death of her son and (last but way not least) a toxic patriarchal society in general. Cersei's incredibly strong-willed in her way, one of those "break before she bends" types, and when you combine that with her ego it means she will never really adjust to her society the same way some women like Cat and the QoT were able to.She reminded me of Arya a little bit in her childhood recollections, only more mean-spirited and egotistical obviously. I always wondered if Arya would have trouble adjusting in much the same ways as Cersei if she were forced to live the lady's life.(note that I'm not justifying her actions at all!! because yikes. I just think it's easy to see how she got as bad as she is.)And it goes without saying that Cersei's unraveling is going to be amazing. We've caught a filtered glimpse or two into that Cersei on the show sometimes, most notably the Blackwater episode, but I'm way ready for Lena Headey's take on pure 100% unfiltered Cersei-brand crazy post-ASOS.awwwwEven putting aside how much I enjoy her acting, she seems amazing IRL too. Her commentary tracks are consistently the most hilarious and she seems very charismatic.Me too. For a long time I considered her a straight-up evil bitch, but I'm starting to understand her motivations better now.
2645	JJB	2013-05-05	She's OK but not amazing. She doesn't look or act bitchly enough.
2646	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-05	I think her haughty, regal performance is going to be better in the long run, because when we get Cersei's descent into madness it will be SO much more awesome and hopefully no where near as cartoon villainy as it sometimes is in the books.
2647	go joff go	2013-05-05	I think those are good points about her and Arya and ones that in retrospect I think the show has been trying to actively make (i.e. Tywin saying Arya reminds him of Cersei).  What would have happened to Arya if she had been forced to go the same route as Cersei in marriage which in two separate situation with Ned and Cat were suggested or actually set up to happen, especially when her Aunt Lyanna didn't likely take too well to it either.  And what would have happend to Cersei if she could have followed her desires at a younger age like Arya on some level is doing.
2648	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-05	I NEVER made an arya/young Cersei comparison before, this is super interesting!!! definitely something to think about.
2649	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-29	I taught the Hound vs Beric dual was incredible!! The sword-fighting and camera work was brilliant and the best fight they've had so far.
One thing I didn't like were how they left out arguably the Hound's best line in the books "This cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here". 
I can't wait to see the Mountain vs Oberyn next season!
2650	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-29	I thought the fight was great, but they cut one of the Hound's best lines and replaced it with the stupid jibe about Mycah. And Beric looks a whole lot healthier than what I pictured.
2651	Honey Bee	2013-04-29	Loved the fight. Wonderfully done. The Hound is one of my fav story lines, even if he isn't a POV character.I thought the fight was great, but they cut one of the Hound's best lines and replaced it with the stupid jibe about Mycah. ... arguably the Hound's best line in the books "This cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here". Again, I agree. Great line and I'm positive Rory McCann would've nailed it. I love his spin on Sandor.
2652	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	The duel was awesome! I liked how both ate their shields out before going into clashing their swords all over the place. Plus, the Hound really controlled his fear of fire. He was literally turned ablaze when Dondarrion began answering his slashes.
2653	Reposado	2013-04-29	Yeah this was good. Didnt take the usual amount of suspension of disbelief
2654	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	Loved the fight. Wonderfully done. The Hound is one of my fav story lines, even if he isn't a POV character.^ Amen to that.... there are certain characters who aren't POV, yet their stories are more interesting from the POV of the main characters. The fact GRRM keeps us out of their minds is a thrilling adventure giving us tireless nightmares of what is or what a character present will do next.Edit: Grammar thingy.
					
					
							Edited by Randyll Tarly, 29 April 2013 - 08:08 PM.
2655	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	Great scene.  Loved when Arya went to stab him after the fight.
2656	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	I will echo the sentiment that I wish the Hounds terror line was in it, but it was an awesome scene. He did squirm a little bit after Beric is killed, not full fledged cry, but I think the scene had to be shortened so they couldn't include his crying and Arya realizing how truly afraid he was before attempting to kill him lol.
2657	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	It was a very kinetic fight, I was pleased.
2658	Honey Bee	2013-04-29	^ Amen to that.... there are certain characters who aren't POV, yet their stories are more interesting from the POV of the main characters. The fact GRRM keeps us out of their minds is a thrilling adventure giving us tireless nightmares of what is or what a character present will do next.I agree. I do hope we will see more of Sandor... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2659	Batman	2013-04-30	I taught the Hound vs Beric dual was incredible!! The sword-fighting and camera work was brilliant and the best fight they've had so far.One thing I didn't like were how they left out arguably the Hound's best line in the books "This cave is dark too, but I'm the terror here".I can't wait to see the Mountain vs Oberyn next season!They also left out the laughter when they say it will be trial by combat. Shows the contempt he holds them in.
2660	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-30	The look on Hound's face when the sword took fire... 
Yes, the only grief I would have is dropping Hound's "terror" line. Other than that... Awesome /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2661	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-04-30	I really liked the scene, one of the best fight scenes in the series so far.
I especially liked that they seemed to give them different "styles" of fighting, with the Hound slashing furiously and Beric having a more mobile and twirling approach.
Also I loved it when Beric made a parry without even looking at Sandor,
Oh yeah, and it was nice to see someone actually using shields in a fight scene.
					
					
							Edited by The_Gallows_Knight, 30 April 2013 - 03:22 AM.
2662	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-30	I especially liked that they seemed to give them different "styles" of fighting, with the Hound slashing furiously and Beric having a more mobile and twirling approach.Yes! Beric has such a fluid movement to his strikes while the hound has a more brutish approach. I watched this again this morning and the choreography is amazing! Is that it until Season 4 for one on ones.
2663	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	Yes! Beric has such a fluid movement to his strikes while the hound has a more brutish approach. I watched this again this morning and the choreography is amazing! Is that it until Season 4 for one on ones.One of the best things in the production imo is how they give people different fighting styles. Syrio, Ned, Jaime, Bronn. I just can't wait to see The Mountain v The Red Viper.
2664	Red Knight	2013-04-30	finish was terrific in my opinion, the way his sword breaks...brilliant
					
					
							Edited by Red Knight, 30 April 2013 - 08:41 AM.
2665	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	It was fantastic.  If this is what they can do with the second best duel, I can't wait for the best.  Hopefully they make a great casting choice for the Red Viper, and with whoever the Mountain of the Week is.
2666	KRANG202	2013-04-30	The resurrection part wasn't as dramatic as it could have been. In the books they take Beric off to one side of the cave to heal him, then he comes back in dramatic fashion after Arya says "you go to hell Hound" (something like that) then Beric returns and say "he has". A lot of my friends were like wtf just happened. 
My boss at work said Beric can't be a very good fighter if he keeps dying. Lol
2667	Hoo	2013-04-30	Loved the flaming sword against Sandor.  (He fled Blackwater to ecape fire, only to be tried by fire in the north.   Can't run away from you fears, great storyline.)
2668	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-30	The sword fight itself was great; probably the best one on the show so far in terms of choreography and camera work. As has been mentioned though, not including the Hound's badass line was a huge missed opportunity. The resurrection could have been handled better as well.
Thoros and Beric are great characters with fitting actors though. I loved their exchange with Arya later by the campfire.
2669	IceManCeaserKOTN	2013-05-03	This was awesome. From the moment he lights the sword on fire to The Hound killing Beric. Awesome. 1 of the better swordfights i've seen. It's funny I hated the Hound after he killed the butchers boy but as the layers of his character are revealed I find myself rooting for him. Was kinda hoping for some 'Darth Vader' type redemption for him but from skipping ahead looks like thats not the case.
2670	Kasrith	2013-05-03	Agreed on how great it was, and also wished the line was in there.. It is such a badass line and would have fit just as well. Would have been perfect between
Thoros' "The night is dark and full of terrors"
Sandor's "I'm the only terror here"
Beric lighting the sword on fire and Sandor suddenly flashing that look he had.
2671	Dove	2013-05-03	This was awesome. From the moment he lights the sword on fire to The Hound killing Beric. Awesome. 1 of the better swordfights i've seen. It's funny I hated the Hound after he killed the butchers boy but as the layers of his character are revealed I find myself rooting for him. Was kinda hoping for some 'Darth Vader' type redemption for him but from skipping ahead looks like thats not the case.I would say that the Hound gets redemption, in a sense, but it's hard fought and he's obviously got a long road ahead of him. That's what I like about him - the thing about the Hound is that he's unapologetic for his heinous actions on the surface, but he's deeply bitter and torn about them on the inside and he's absolutely, 100% not hypocritical when it comes to the way he sees himself or society in general. He and his brother are walking critiques of the so-called chivalric notions of knighthood.
2672	The Bear	2013-05-03	Gosh I love Rory McCann's Sandor. I hated the Micah jibe but I generally liked the scene a lot. Beric looks a lot more... whole... that the books led me to believe. Pretty damn good for a guy who's died so many times, really.
2673	Khronohs	2013-05-03	Indeed the duel was very entertaining.Arya," Burn in hell!"Beric," He will.....but not today."Anyone else catch that? lol
2674	wolverine	2013-05-04	Indeed the duel was very entertaining.Arya," Burn in hell!"Beric," He will.....but not today."Anyone else catch that? lolYeah.  There were a number of great lines in the whole cave series of scenes.
2675	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-04	Having Sandor not get injured makes him taunt Arya instead of begging for her to kill him. I could see that. Having her 2nd guess herself and having Sandor say the lines quick enough before someone grabbed the knife would've been really difficult.
It will also create a 180 degree turn when he asks for a "mercy kill" and Arya refuses as she clearly had no second in this scene about killing him.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 04 May 2013 - 01:25 PM.
2676	SerGregori	2013-05-04	I am shocked at the love for this scene! Yes, the hounds fear of the fire was palpable (Rory McCann excellent as always), but the actual fighting was terrible! The first half anyway. Watch how many times Beric does that pointless little swing/swurl with his sword. Its ridiculous! I found it wooden and badly choreographed...I was totally expecting to see everyone talking about how bad it was! Also, the Beric killing stroke was an odd choice, hacking into his shoulder like that...I felt they went for gore over a more classically fatal move (sword through heart etc).
Obviously just my opinions! But I have loved all the other Brotherhood stuff so far, Paul Kaye has been a pleasant surprise!
2677	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-04	the Beric killing stroke was an odd choice, hacking into his shoulder like that...I felt they went for gore over a more classically fatal move (sword through heart etc).The killing stroke was actually pretty faithful to the books. The stroke hit him between the shoulder and neck and almost cut him in two. Blame GRRM for that one. As for the fight itself - its a fantasy story not a documentary. Again, you will have to see GRRM about not being quite au fait with Medieval fighting techniques.
2678	wandering	2013-05-04	I am shocked at the love for this scene! Yes, the hounds fear of the fire was palpable (Rory McCann excellent as always), but the actual fighting was terrible! The first half anyway. Watch how many times Beric does that pointless little swing/swurl with his sword. Its ridiculous! I found it wooden and badly choreographed...I was totally expecting to see everyone talking about how bad it was! Also, the Beric killing stroke was an odd choice, hacking into his shoulder like that...I felt they went for gore over a more classically fatal move (sword through heart etc).just, ugh.
2679	-Ghost-	2013-05-04	I can't wait for the Red Viper and the Mountain next season. That's going to be epic.
2680	boojam	2013-05-04	The killing stroke was actually pretty faithful to the books. The stroke hit him between the shoulder and neck and almost cut him in two. Blame GRRM for that one. As for the fight itself - its a fantasy story not a documentary. Again, you will have to see GRRM about not being quite au fait with Medieval fighting techniques.Just out of curiosity have you ever seen an informed movie or TV broad sword fight in a film or TV show?I have heard description of it and even illustration from medieval manuscripts, but since it's not an Olympic sport, and that's really fencing, I could never wrap my head around that kind of fighting. Especially men in armor.
2681	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	I can't wait for the Red Viper and the Mountain next season. That's going to be epic.ELIA OF DORNE!SAY HER NAME!So powerful, maybe one of the best scenes GRRM wrote. It really, really needs a strong actor to pull it off.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 09:48 PM.
2682	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	Just out of curiosity have you ever seen an informed movie or TV broad sword fight in a film or TV show?I have heard description of it and even illustration from medieval manuscripts, but since it's not an Olympic sport, and that's really fencing, I could never wrap my head around that kind of fighting. Especially men in armor.You know what? 300 is probably the closest when they showed then in phalanx. For a decent description of armoured men on foot fighting, try reading someone like Bernard Cornwell
2683	ghost23	2013-05-05	I am shocked at the love for this scene! Yes, the hounds fear of the fire was palpable (Rory McCann excellent as always), but the actual fighting was terrible! The first half anyway. Watch how many times Beric does that pointless little swing/swurl with his sword. Its ridiculous! I found it wooden and badly choreographed...I was totally expecting to see everyone talking about how bad it was! Also, the Beric killing stroke was an odd choice, hacking into his shoulder like that...I felt they went for gore over a more classically fatal move (sword through heart etc).I thought that Beric swirling around his sword a lot was dumb at first, then i realised that he's probably doing that as a way to scare Sandor. If you're fighting a guy who's scared of fire and you have a flaming sword, the smartest thing to do would be to swirl it around in his face.
2684	boojam	2013-05-05	You know what? 300 is probably the closest when they showed then in phalanx. For a decent description of armoured men on foot fighting, try reading someone like Bernard CornwellGod! 300?! That looked like over done comic book crud, the TV show Spartacus repeated the same conceit.300 might have set the phalanx of, but the action totally unbelievable hype.I think that mess of a goofy film by Oliver Stone ALEXANDER (2010) had a good representation of the phalanx.I think even the 1963 film The Three Hundred Spartans did an even better job, alas that film was kind of shorted on production values.By the by Starz Spartacus would set up Roman Legion formation , more or less right , then the hand to hand combat looked abyssal.I can't remember a thing about Richard Burton - Alexander the Great (1956 film), except that I remember it was a better film that Stone's movie.I know that when Stanley Kubrick did the 1960 Spartacus, he set up the final battle well, but in the end sent most of the action sequences to the cutting room floor because he thought it did not look real.My favorite sword action is in the two Richard Lester films The Three and Four Musketeers, 1973 and 1974,Very rough and tumble as if people were really trying to kill each other!That still does not answer my question about a film that did convincing long sword - broad sword action in a realistic manner.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 May 2013 - 09:16 AM.
2685	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	Actually that 1960 Spartacus battle was something out of the box for sure...
But one thing can be determined from your post. Hollywood doesn't do a good job of accurate portrayal of sword action, or indeed bow usage which is typically even less realistic..
2686	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	[/size]I thought that Beric swirling around his sword a lot was dumb at first, then i realised that he's probably doing that as a way to scare Sandor. If you're fighting a guy who's scared of fire and you have a flaming sword, the smartest thing to do would be to swirl it around in his face.Not just scare him but blind him a bit as well.
2687	boojam	2013-05-05	Actually that 1960 Spartacus battle was something out of the box for sure...But one thing can be determined from your post. Hollywood doesn't do a good job of accurate portrayal of sword action, or indeed bow usage which is typically even less realistic..There could be one, I don't remember seeing it, a from-the-time good description of hand to hand combat with edged weapons from ancient times before the introduction of gun powder on a massive scale. Fairly good descriptions of armed warfare from the Napoleonic Wars to the American Civil War.(Painting from the times are so stylized can't tell anything from them.)With the invention of the photograph and finally motion pictures and better journalism we got a better picture.Early WWII movies were propaganda ridden, but from William Wellman's unusual 1949 film BATTLEGROUND, to PATHS OF GLORY, to SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, to BAND OF BROTHERS , to THE PACIFIC ...(other films) things changed , to my eye we did get an accurate portrait of modern warfare.Kenneth Branagh's Henry V did seem to make an attempt at medieval warfare.Some recent films like Ridley Scott's Robin Hood or Kingdom of Heaven or Wolfgang Petersen's Troy, seem well mounted, but off. Tho I must admit Brad Pitt and Eric Bana's duel had a lot of panache to it... we would never know just exactly how accurate such a thing could be.I tell you light years ahead of 300 is Steven Pressfield GATES OF FIRE , historical fiction , Battle of Thermopylae.Lord the actual history and battle was a 1000 times more interesting than 300, make a great film, but has been in development hell for a decade.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 May 2013 - 09:54 AM.
2688	BlackTalon	2013-05-05	Strange, I am glad that they dropped the "I am the terror here" line, I think it would have sonded really cheesy on TV. The show only folk know that the Hound is a good fighter, but without the background from the books they do not really know about his fearsome reputation throughout Westeros.
On the other hand I like the line about Mycah, really drives home what a mean son of a bitch Sandor really is.
2689	Lord Roivas	2013-04-29	I know they are changing quite a bit to reduce complexity. However I noticed Robb said that he saw Harrion die in battle. Harrion is still alive as of Book 6, it was Torrhen and Eddard who were killed.
I also noticed Loras Tyrell is the Heir of Highgarden. They chopped away two Tyrells it seems.
2690	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-04-29	Garlan and Willas can still be younger brother and/or cousins that will inherit when Loras joins the KG.
Harrion is as good as dead, methinks.
2691	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	They just didn't want to add another Eddard into the mix. I don't think the Karstark sons will ever amount to anything imporant.
As for the other Tyrell brothers they could show up eventually, but for now using Loras streamlines the story. There are enough characters as it is.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 29 April 2013 - 05:11 PM.
2692	Damar	2013-04-29	Eddard would be too confusing, and the series gone out of it's way to avoid too similair names, like the Asha/Osha make them change it to Yara.
2693	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Can't believe they destroyed Harrion's arc!
/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2694	Foune	2013-04-29	Actor's cost money bro.
2695	Winter's Prince	2013-04-29	I hope we still see Alys
2696	dttljs123	2013-04-29	^^^^^ That. When she returns to Karhold with the Magnar, Karhold will quickly settle.
Robb's beheading of Karstark was my favorite scene from the episode. "Kill me and be cursed, you are no king of mine". Thats how a man gets beheaded, he did go quietly like poor Ned Stark or even Robb. 
Loras has been butched by D&D, he should be a member of Joffrey's KG by now. Offering Cersei for Loras is even worse than give her to Willas.
2697	Akhipill	2013-04-30	What happened to Kevan Lannister?
2698	Mammothsbane	2013-04-30	^^^^^ That. When she returns to Karhold with the Magnar, Karhold will quickly settle.Robb's beheading of Karstark was my favorite scene from the episode. "Kill me and be cursed, you are no king of mine". Thats how a man gets beheaded, he did go quietly like poor Ned Stark or even Robb.Loras has been butched by D&D, he should be a member of Joffrey's KG by now. Offering Cersei for Loras is even worse than give her to Willas.He is going to join the KG soon.. probably to get out of marrying Cersei.
2699	NedFlanderStark	2013-04-30	I can't believe they assassinated poor Harrion's character!  He was a captive for at least two full books and they just kill him off in this show?  D&D are ruining this series with their changes!
2700	dtones520	2013-04-30	What happened to Kevan Lannister?He was in a couple episodes last season. He's not really important other than being someone to be in the room with Tywin. Probably distracts from the conversation the main characters are having.
2701	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	What happened to Kevan Lannister?maybe he went off to casterly rock. he's only really important once Tywin is dead.
2702	Winter's Prince	2013-05-01	^^^^^ That. When she returns to Karhold with the Magnar, Karhold will quickly settle.Robb's beheading of Karstark was my favorite scene from the episode. "Kill me and be cursed, you are no king of mine". Thats how a man gets beheaded, he did go quietly like poor Ned Stark or even Robb. Loras has been butched by D&D, he should be a member of Joffrey's KG by now. Offering Cersei for Loras is even worse than give her to Willas.Yea but the thing is there is Magnar, hell we haven't even seen Val
2703	cuendillar	2013-05-01	Yea but the thing is there is Magnar, hell we haven't even seen ValIt's not out of the question, albeit admittedly rather unlikely, that Ygritte survives the attack on Castle Black and essentially substitutes for Val thereafter. It'll create some weird sexual tensions though, but that might be circumventable. She could be the major character that dies in the book but not in the show. They insinuated that there would be one this season.
2704	Frumpus	2013-05-01	This seems like massive nitpicking over incredibly minor and insignificant details to me.
I also don't see Ygritte replacing Val, considering Val is not an important character at all.
2705	protar	2013-05-01	I get that they want to simplify the whole Karstark stuff and not have another dead guy called Eddard. But I really hope we see Alys, cus she's awesomesauce.
2706	GameofThronesFTW	2013-05-01	guys I got a question. Why did they have Cercei betrothed to Loras? Why does this show, D and D, seem that they can only TALK about characters that WE SEEN ON THE SHOW already and not talk about a character that we never met or will ever meet. Like they could of just said Willas, but they don't have to show him. They can still discuss about him. I just don't understand these stupid and pointless moves.
2707	Lord of Brewtown	2013-05-04	Eddard would be too confusing, and the series gone out of it's way to avoid too similair names, like the Asha/Osha make them change it to Yara.True - but they could easily have made up a completely different name, or called him Edward.  There are a lot of changes that I don't mind; but, I don't like killing off characters are are alive & well in the books (or transplanting them).  There's really no need to do it either.  If they are going to change the name, change the name, not the character.
2708	Lord of Brewtown	2013-05-04	guys I got a question. Why did they have Cercei betrothed to Loras? Why does this show, D and D, seem that they can only TALK about characters that WE SEEN ON THE SHOW already and not talk about a character that we never met or will ever meet. Like they could of just said Willas, but they don't have to show him. They can still discuss about him. I just don't understand these stupid and pointless moves.100% agree.  Great question.  You don't need to hire actors/have everyone appear.  It would be perfectly fine to mention someone in passing.  It would throw a bone to the readers, & I doubt it would confuse non-readers - they probably wouldn't even notice.  They should really be mentioning the Martells a bit more too.  It will be interesting to see who they merge/write out there.  And Hoster Tully's death could have had a bit more of an impact had he been mentioned at all prior to appearing on a funeral barge.
2709	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	100% agree.  Great question.  You don't need to hire actors/have everyone appear.  It would be perfectly fine to mention someone in passing.  It would throw a bone to the readers, & I doubt it would confuse non-readers - they probably wouldn't even notice.  They should really be mentioning the Martells a bit more too.  It will be interesting to see who they merge/write out there.  And Hoster Tully's death could have had a bit more of an impact had he been mentioned at all prior to appearing on a funeral barge.They do make mention of people that haven't appeared yet. They avoid making mention of people who will not likely ever appear, because that's bad for television. It's really that simple. And I knew almost nothing of the Martells before meeting Oberyn and reading those PoVs so this isn't a problem at all.
2710	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-04	People seem to forget one very important aspect. GRRM added a tremendous amount of details to the books, in order to make this world look realistic. Each family has dozens of members, most of which are nothing more than background figures. Amidst all these details, which can be conveyed in a book, there is an excellent story, compose by multiple threads. It is this story that D&D are trying to tell on TV, especially, directed to non-readers. They have to do it in the most appropriate manner, taking into consideration the limitations of budget, time, and the view of the target audience, which is not the hardcore geeks. Why should they even mention characters that are, mostly, irrelevant to the story and that even many readers, like me, didn't care about, just because you are very fond of them? Basing from your opinions, I believe many of you no nothing about TV. I'm not saying there weren't bad changes, but this is not one of them.
PS: The Loras adaptation was, in my opinion, one the most successful changes. Most viewers are already confused that mentioning Willas would be as more confusing as pointless.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 04 May 2013 - 01:53 PM.
2711	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-05-05	guys I got a question. Why did they have Cercei betrothed to Loras? Why does this show, D and D, seem that they can only TALK about characters that WE SEEN ON THE SHOW already and not talk about a character that we never met or will ever meet. Like they could of just said Willas, but they don't have to show him. They can still discuss about him. I just don't understand these stupid and pointless moves.because every character that gets mentioned to the show adds to the complexity of it. Even if they're never show the character there's another character out there that the audience is suppose to know about, trying to keep track of the ever growing number of cast members out there is difficult enough.
2712	Lord of Brewtown	2013-05-05	because every character that gets mentioned to the show adds to the complexity of it. Even if they're never show the character there's another character out there that the audience is suppose to know about, trying to keep track of the ever growing number of cast members out there is difficult enough.I disagree with this - just because someone is mentioned doesn't mean that the audience is "supposed to know about" them; but, it would add to the realism.  How many conversations do you have with co-workers or friends who mention extended family and/or friends?  Do those conversations confuse you?  Do you try to keep track of all of the people everyone you know mentions?  Or rather, do you gloss over those names, while at the same time learning more about the person you had the conversation with - adding color & insight to their personality & background?  That's what mentioning some of these people would do.  The strength of the books and the series had been that it breaks the mold of typical fantasy stories.  Limiting the size of families/characters to only those that we see takes the show back towards the typical fantasy mold in my opinion.  And yes, I realize TV has many more constraints.  And No, I'm not asking for every character in the books to be mentioned in the series.  Harrion very well may turn out to not be important.  However, we don't know that yet.  If D&D really do have insight into that, they are somewhat spoiling the story for readers.  I view this as a mistake similar to how they killed off Rakharo - it just wasn't necessary (could have just had him disappear/not mentioned him).
2713	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  Agree. Absolute travesty. Harrion was my absolute favourite quaternary character. 
In all honesty who even remember the names of Karstark son's names? I sure didn't. And isn't talking about Harrion, Torrhen, Mace Tyrrell  or even Talisa's brother just what adds the complexity and realisms that the Willas/Loras swap haters seem to crave?
I thought that changing Willas to Loras was a great move because Loras and Sansa can actually have scenes together and because it will make the outcome all the more painful to watch. It would be difficult to portray Sansa being heartbroken over called off engagement to a much older cripple she has never even met. It is only powerful in the books because we are privy to Sansa's inner thoughts.
					
					
							Edited by Hangover of the Morning, 05 May 2013 - 02:57 PM.
2714	Warden of the North121	2013-04-23	He wrote "What is Dead May Never Die" which was probably the second best episode behind "Blackwater" last season. They should just give Vanessa Taylor's episode to him next season imo.
2715	Arkash	2013-04-24	This is what I want this episode so much ! 
Bryan effin' Cogman writing it ! It's gonna be a masterpiece ! This guy is so dedicated to the books !
2716	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-24	Aww yiss. What is Dead May Never Die ruled. And I second the OP that he should get Vanessa Taylor's episode next season.
2717	Mark Antony	2013-04-24	Nice. I agree that What is Dead May Never Die was awesome and the 2nd best episode of season 2 behind Blackwater.
2718	King Tommen	2013-04-24	Really great Cogman interview that answers a lot of fan questions regarding Season 2 and this one:http://winteriscomin...ach/#more-25821The whole interview is great but concerning this particular episode, Cogman confirms that the scene with Orell and Jon as well as the Dany stuff were moved from other episodes and were in fact written by D&D, everything else in the episode was from him.He also says that while they all contribute to every character arc throughout the season, each of them is given specific character arc responsibilities over the course of the season, In S3, he has Arya, Stannis/Mel/Davos and Bran as his focus.  Which would suggest to me that the alteration with Melisandre going to the BwB for Gendry is something he came up with since it's involving both of his storylines.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 24 April 2013 - 01:09 PM.
2719	Warden of the North121	2013-04-24	Really great Cogman interview that answers a lot of fan questions regarding Season 2 and this one:http://winteriscomin...ach/#more-25821The whole interview is great but concerning this particular episode, Cogman confirms that the scene with Orell and Jon as well as the Dany stuff were moved from other episodes and were in fact written by D&D, everything else in the episode was from him.He also says that while they all contribute to every character arc throughout the season, each of them is given specific character arc responsibilities over the course of the season, In S3, he has Arya, Stannis/Mel/Davos and Bran as his focus.  Which would suggest to me that the alteration with Melisandre going to the BwB for Gendry is something he came up with since it's involving both of his storylines.I'm glad that he's responsible for Bran this season. It makes it likely that we'll get Knight of the Laughing Tree story as well as the whole "almost run in" with Jon at Queenscrown. The whole Mel/Gendry subplot is a stroke of genius if it is handled well imo.
2720	Mark Antony	2013-04-24	I'm glad that he's responsible for Bran this season. It makes it likely that we'll get Knight of the Laughing Tree story as well as the whole "almost run in" with Jon at Queenscrown. The whole Mel/Gendry subplot is a stroke of genius if it is handled well imo.Gods i fucking hope so.
2721	Warden of the North121	2013-04-24	Just read the interview that King Tommen posted. Man this guy is awesome! I wish I could meet him in person and I hope he gets more than one episode per season in the future.
2722	ebevan91	2013-04-24	After reading that I think I can be a little more accepting of season 2. At least some of the changes were explained.
2723	Woel	2013-04-24	Really great Cogman interview that answers a lot of fan questions regarding Season 2 and this one:http://winteriscomin...ach/#more-25821The whole interview is great but concerning this particular episode, Cogman confirms that the scene with Orell and Jon as well as the Dany stuff were moved from other episodes and were in fact written by D&D, everything else in the episode was from him.He also says that while they all contribute to every character arc throughout the season, each of them is given specific character arc responsibilities over the course of the season, In S3, he has Arya, Stannis/Mel/Davos and Bran as his focus.  Which would suggest to me that the alteration with Melisandre going to the BwB for Gendry is something he came up with since it's involving both of his storylines.HAHA, I totally believed what the story about Gethin Antony and peaches. I was a bit bummed that he didn't remember/know the actual reason it was left out though.
2724	King Tommen	2013-04-24	After reading that I think I can be a little more accepting of season 2. At least some of the changes were explained.You can tell that there are also hierarchy decisions that are out of his hands and he would not go into any further, you'd need to go to the source (D&D) on them.  What's promising is that WiC is stating that this will be an ongoing interview series that Cogman will participate in and that they're also trying to get D&D to do some, which I'm sure would answer a number of ongoing questions some fans have as well as provide more understanding into their overall process.
2725	Dragonstoned	2013-04-24	Some flaky reasons in that interview for making changes.  But interesting that they wrote lots of their own scenes in s1 partially because they needed to fill the time, maybe this made them more confident about making more changes in the future.
Looking forward to the interrogations with D&D.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 24 April 2013 - 04:18 PM.
2726	Talbot	2013-04-24	"Flaky reasons" ? It's their own damn show, a different beast, the changes make for a better TV show. The novel isn't a show and the show isn't a novel, everyone needs to get over that
2727	JonDunn	2013-04-24	Every time I read an interview about the writing process I appreciate the show more.  They put  alot of damn time and thought into it and I think the more we see of season 3 the more we see that they know what they're doing, changes and all.  Loving this season
2728	Dove	2013-04-24	Spoiler Bryan: Gethin Anthony. Bloody diva. He hates peaches. I mean HATES THEM. I was at lunch with him, early on <U+0080><U+0094> this is like, season one when we were all getting to know each other. There was this chocolate cake thing he ordered for desert and there was a kind of fruity sauce on it. He took one bite and said <U+0080><U+009C>Are there FUCKING PEACHES in this sauce?<U+0080><U+009D> Dude roared, I<U+0080><U+0099>ve never seen anything like it. Finn Jones was with us and we had to physically keep Geth from punching the waiter in the teeth. All the while, I<U+0080><U+0099>m thinking <U+0080><U+009C>Oh no! What are we going to do when we get to the peach in Season 2?<U+0080><U+009D>So season 2 rolls around and we get to the scene and we do these table reads of the first few episodes. And Gethin is there, very nice<U+0080> but he takes David & Dan aside. And I see him talking to D&D turning BRIGHT RED<U+0080> like he<U+0080><U+0099>s about to have a breakdown or something. Then I remember: the peach! He<U+0080><U+0099>s read the draft! The scene with the peach! And David & Dan are trying to explain the symbolic meaning of the peach and how it<U+0080><U+0099>s a fan favorite and how many readers can<U+0080><U+0099>t separate Renly from the peach<U+0080> We even had George skype with him about it <U+0080><U+0094> Gethin was so angry, foaming at the mouth. I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t think anyone could make George R.R. Martin cry but Gethin did. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t even repeat the things he said.I<U+0080><U+0099>ve never seen anyone hate a specific fruit so much! And usually Geth<U+0080><U+0099>s a really sweet guy<U+0080> you might even call him a <U+0080><U+009C>peach<U+0080><U+009D>. But don<U+0080><U+0099>t. Cuz if you do, he<U+0080><U+0099>ll cut you.Anyway, no dice. He threatened to walk if we made him eat a peach. We offered to make a fake peach, out of gelatin or something, but that didn<U+0080><U+0099>t fly. He wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t even PRETEND to eat a peach onscreen. We tried a few takes with him eating an apple<U+0080> I think maybe one with a bunch of grapes<U+0080> but it just didn<U+0080><U+0099>t work. So we cut the fruit altogether. But you can blame Gethin fucking Anthony and his weird peach hatred.I hope by now you know I<U+0080><U+0099>m joking. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t know what happened to the peach. It was in there at one point, I think. Maybe there weren<U+0080><U+0099>t any peaches in season in Belfast that month<U+0080>
Ahahahahaha, I'm dying.That was a really cool interview, though. Bryan Cogman seems like one of the better writers. I don't mind Vanessa Taylor as much as some, but her dialogue can come across as a little too modern at times even if she's good at producing the zingy one-liners.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 24 April 2013 - 05:21 PM.
2729	Dragonstoned	2013-04-24	"Flaky reasons" ? It's their own damn show, a different beast, the changes make for a better TV show. The novel isn't a show and the show isn't a novel, everyone needs to get over thatEveryone gets by now that the books and show won't be the same.  if you're bored of the show being criticised then it's no less boring for others to hear people drone on about how they shouldn't expect it to be a carbon copy.  Please, it is a waste of your time.I don't think it's unreasonable to want a better explanation for changes than 'oh it would be interesting for the actors to play' or 'this was the direction we decided to go' or that something just got lost along the way.  And better judgment than substituting Jon's maturing with Qhorin for Ygritte taking the piss out of him for two episodes, especially when the payoff this season is minimal cos they've hardly been featured at all (to change in this episode, I know).  Don't get me wrong, it's a really interesting interview which sheds a hell of a lot of light on the creative process which I would love to know more about, but justify odd decisions it does not.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 24 April 2013 - 06:12 PM.
2730	King Tommen	2013-04-24	Everyone gets by now that the books and show won't be the same.  if you're bored of the show being criticised then it's no less boring for others to hear people drone on about how they shouldn't expect it to be a carbon copy.  Please, it is a waste of your time.I don't think it's unreasonable to want a better explanation for changes than 'oh it would be interesting for the actors to play' or 'this was the direction we decided to go' or that something just got lost along the way.  And better judgment than substituting Jon's maturing with Qhorin for Ygritte taking the piss out of him for two episodes, especially when the payoff this season is minimal cos they've hardly been featured at all (to change in this episode, I know).  Don't get me wrong, it's a really interesting interview which sheds a hell of a lot of light on the creative process which I would love to know more about, but justify odd decisions it does not.I think it's pretty clear in that interview that Cogman is not going to give reasons for decisions that were made by D&D, he'd rather they explained if that's something they want to do.  So until you get a similar interview situation done with the actual creators, that's probably going to be it.  And even if D&D take the time out of their schedule to participate in an endeavor like that, I suspect there are some things they just aren't going to delve into to the level that some fans want them to.  Sometimes, "we felt like this was the best way to go" is as much as you're going to get...
2731	Dragonstoned	2013-04-24	Yeah I sensed that.  Hopefully the prospective D&D interview will reveal more, but it's not like they're obliged to explain themselves to everyone.  Just happy for more insight about how they make the show tbh.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 24 April 2013 - 06:29 PM.
2732	Darryk	2013-04-24	Yeah, Bryan Cogman sounds awesome. His commentaries on the Blu-rays are interesting to listen to, and his episodes have been among the strongest (didn't he write the History and Lore segments for the DVDs as well? Cause those are brilliant). 
Certainly has a dream job and I love his story of how he got it /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2733	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-24	Really great Cogman interview that answers a lot of fan questions regarding Season 2 and this one:http://winteriscomin...ach/#more-25821The whole interview is great but concerning this particular episode, Cogman confirms that the scene with Orell and Jon as well as the Dany stuff were moved from other episodes and were in fact written by D&D, everything else in the episode was from him.He also says that while they all contribute to every character arc throughout the season, each of them is given specific character arc responsibilities over the course of the season, In S3, he has Arya, Stannis/Mel/Davos and Bran as his focus.  Which would suggest to me that the alteration with Melisandre going to the BwB for Gendry is something he came up with since it's involving both of his storylines.Really interesting interview, that. I always felt that out of all the writers, Cogman respects the books the most.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 24 April 2013 - 07:08 PM.
2734	TheHedgeWizard	2013-04-24	They should just give Vanessa Taylor's episode to him next season imo.Agreed.
2735	go joff go	2013-04-24	I definitely find the stuff about all the added scenes in the first season interesting.  It kind of sounds like they were going to go pretty by the book until they realized that there just wasn't enough material to flesh characters out.  I can't imaging the first seson without some of the scens he mentioned
2736	King in the North Carolina	2013-04-25	I definitely find the stuff about all the added scenes in the first season interesting.  It kind of sounds like they were going to go pretty by the book until they realized that there just wasn't enough material to flesh characters out.  I can't imaging the first seson without some of the scens he mentionedI always thought the Jaime/Jory exchange was an underrated scene.
2737	Toxspecific	2013-04-25	Anyone with max knowledge of the books and less liking for long sex scenes.
2738	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-25	I always thought the Jaime/Jory exchange was an underrated scene.Agreed. It showed a nicer side of Jaime that wasn't really present in the first 2 seasons, and showed just how much he loved fighting. Also fleshed out Jory a bit more, and made his death at Jaime's hands more shocking. I also liked the Theon/Tyrion scene in that episode, because not only does it plant the seeds for Theon's growing resentment and betrayal, but it shows a more dickish side to Tyrion that's present in the books.
2739	Toxspecific	2013-04-25	So if we're talking about relatively minor scenes that are way under-rated but seriously awesome, I'll say The Hound vs Beric Dondarrion. First of all, because all ASOIAF fights are awesome. Secondly, this was The Hound fighting Beric who was by all means a good man. With a flaming sword. It was The Hound facing his fears to fight fire and win, I think this really showed him as a brave guy.
Wish AFFC and ADWD would have had more scenes like this.
2740	King in the North Carolina	2013-04-25	Anyone with max knowledge of the books and less liking for long sex scenes.I am all for the writers having max book knowledge. I'll admit I'm looking forward to the sexy stuff this week, though. Love me some Rose Leslie!
2741	Thelastactionhero	2013-04-25	Really great Cogman interview that answers a lot of fan questions regarding Season 2 and this one:http://winteriscomin...ach/#more-25821The whole interview is great but concerning this particular episode, Cogman confirms that the scene with Orell and Jon as well as the Dany stuff were moved from other episodes and were in fact written by D&D, everything else in the episode was from him.He also says that while they all contribute to every character arc throughout the season, each of them is given specific character arc responsibilities over the course of the season, In S3, he has Arya, Stannis/Mel/Davos and Bran as his focus.  Which would suggest to me that the alteration with Melisandre going to the BwB for Gendry is something he came up with since it's involving both of his storylines.Here's hoping he rectifies this stupid direction they're taking Stannis' character. I love the dudes writing, but I sure hope he wasn't responsible for that god awful scene on the beach.
2742	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-25	Here's hoping he rectifies this stupid direction they're taking Stannis' character. I love the dudes writing, but I sure hope he wasn't responsible for that god awful scene on the beach.I got the impression from that interview that D&D came up with the Gendry/Melisandre plot, but Bryan Cogman just had to work out how it could be shaped over a season. I doubt he was responsible for any changes made to the plot or the characters.
2743	Thelastactionhero	2013-04-25	I got the impression from that interview that D&D came up with the Gendry/Melisandre plot, but Bryan Cogman just had to work out how it could be shaped over a season. I doubt he was responsible for any changes made to the plot or the characters.This is very possible. I realize that creating this new arc gives Mellisandre a bit more to do, as the first half of SoS on Dragonstone is a little slow, but I am a bit concerned about how it's all going to play out. Feels to me like the whole Edric Storm storyline would have been easier to stick to than this knot they're tangling themselves in with her actually leaving Dragon Stone and meeting the Brotherhood Without Banners. To tell you the truth though, my biggest concern is the overall manner in which they've chosen to render Stannis the last few episodes. I thought in the second season, despite their expressed dislike for the character, that they offered a fairly balanced and ambiguous rendering of him, whereas so far, they've been creating scenes which feel completely out of character. Still, very excited to see what Cogman does with all this. He has quite a job ahead of him.
					
					
							Edited by Thelastactionhero, 25 April 2013 - 12:12 PM.
2744	protar	2013-04-25	I think it's pretty clear in that interview that Cogman is not going to give reasons for decisions that were made by D&D, he'd rather they explained if that's something they want to do.  So until you get a similar interview situation done with the actual creators, that's probably going to be it.  And even if D&D take the time out of their schedule to participate in an endeavor like that, I suspect there are some things they just aren't going to delve into to the level that some fans want them to.  Sometimes, "we felt like this was the best way to go" is as much as you're going to get...If they can't find the time on their schedules to do a massively in-depth interview than that's one thing. But when they're being interviewed and they're unwilling to talk about why things were changed, all that says to me is that they didn't have a good reason. I mean surely if there was some deeply philosophical and meaningful reason for changing Jeyne and Talisa they'd want to talk about it right? But as it is it's likely no more than "it was cool" so they dodge.
2745	Newstar	2013-04-25	If they can't find the time on their schedules to do a massively in-depth interview than that's one thing. But when they're being interviewed and they're unwilling to talk about why things were changed, all that says to me is that they didn't have a good reason. I mean surely if there was some deeply philosophical and meaningful reason for changing Jeyne and Talisa they'd want to talk about it right? But as it is it's likely no more than "it was cool" so they dodge.So what? D&D don't report to you. It's not their job to justify their changes to you or to provide a detailed explanation for a change you want a "good reason" for. Nor are the fans some grand arbiter of what constitutes a "good reason." If they changed because they thought it was cool and for no other reason, that's their prerogative, regardless of whether it meets your criteria for what's a sufficiently acceptable "reason." Bryan Cogman's been pretty gracious in dealing with questions about changes--and honestly, the tone in some of the comments to that WIC.net is so snotty and rude, I'm quite impressed he's so calm and polite--but he doesn't need to be. If he had said "That's just the way we decided to do it" and left it at that, he would have been well within his rights....Of course, SanSan fans are still screaming bloody murder over the fact that the story of the Hound's burns in Season 1 was given to Littlefinger instead of the Hound, even though one of the writers or showrunners explained that the Hound/Sansa scene filmed as in the books had to be scrapped because of a production issue.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 25 April 2013 - 12:49 PM.
2746	protar	2013-04-25	So what? D&D don't report to you. It's not their job to justify their changes to you or to provide a detailed explanation for a change you want a "good reason" for. Nor are the fans some grand arbiter of what constitutes a "good reason." If they changed because they thought it was cool and for no other reason, that's their prerogative, regardless of whether it meets your criteria for what's a sufficiently acceptable "reason." Bryan Cogman's been pretty gracious in dealing with questions about changes--and honestly, the tone in some of the comments to that WIC.net is so snotty and rude, I'm quite impressed he's so calm and polite--but he doesn't need to be. If he had said "That's just the way we decided to do it" and left it at that, he would have been well within his rights....Of course, SanSan fans are still screaming bloody murder over the fact that the story of the Hound's burns in Season 1 was given to Littlefinger instead of the Hound, even though one of the writers or showrunners explained that the Hound/Sansa scene filmed as in the books had to be scrapped because of a production issue.Of course we're not entitled to know why changes were made, but a little bit of fan/producer communication would be nice to assure us that they actually aren't just making changes for the hell of it. Even if they were they could at least come out and say it and I would respect their honesty even if I wouldn't respect anything else about the decision.Do they report to us? No. But is there any reason to hide these things from us? No. The only reason I can possibly see for D+D being reluctant to go into changes is out of embarrassment that their reasons aren't good enough. It's hardly any effort to just say why they did so and so even if it the reason was just "it was cool." Failing to do so says bad things about whether they actually care about the fans of the books imo.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 25 April 2013 - 01:38 PM.
2747	Loras	2013-04-25	This is very possible. I realize that creating this new arc gives Mellisandre a bit more to do, as the first half of SoS on Dragonstone is a little slow, but I am a bit concerned about how it's all going to play out. Feels to me like the whole Edric Storm storyline would have been easier to stick to than this knot they're tangling themselves in with her actually leaving Dragon Stone and meeting the Brotherhood Without Banners. To tell you the truth though, my biggest concern is the overall manner in which they've chosen to render Stannis the last few episodes. I thought in the second season, despite their expressed dislike for the character, that they offered a fairly balanced and ambiguous rendering of him, whereas so far, they've been creating scenes which feel completely out of character. Still, very excited to see what Cogman does with all this. He has quite a job ahead of him.I guess it all comes down to the interpretation of the character.  It is interesting that D&D also directed the episode which contained the Melisandre/Stannis exchange.  If it had been another director we could have seen that scene in a very different light.  I think it was meant to come of as desperate but it didn't quite work out.
2748	thegreatwhitebear	2013-04-25	One thing I think a lot of book readers should ask themselves before being critical (myself included) is, would u watch the show bc its a good show, or r u just watching bc u read the books and love them. If its a good show and you'd watch anyways,  who cares about some changes, just sit back and enjoy.  If a scene os better as written then go back and reread your favorite part that's all. No need to continually nitpick all the time.
2749	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-25	I guess it all comes down to the interpretation of the character.  It is interesting that D&D also directed the episode which contained the Melisandre/Stannis exchange.  If it had been another director we could have seen that scene in a very different light.  I think it was meant to come of as desperate but it didn't quite work out.I'm positive that D and D came up with that scene. They've gone on record to state that Stannis is a "villain", and Weiss even said that Stannis would make a terrible king, which worries me a great deal on the direction they'll look to take Stannis in the future. I guess that's a drawback of adapting a series with such polarizing characters-everyone sees them differently, and if the showrunners see him in a negative light, then you can guarantee that he'll be portrayed as a darker, more villainous figure.
2750	Queen of Whores	2013-04-25	I'm positive that D and D came up with that scene. They've gone on record to state that Stannis is a "villain", and Weiss even said that Stannis would make a terrible king, which worries me a great deal on the direction they'll look to take Stannis in the future. I guess that's a drawback of adapting a series with such polarizing characters-everyone sees them differently, and if the showrunners see him in a negative light, then you can guarantee that he'll be portrayed as a darker, more villainous figure.It's a shame that this is true. The same could be said for Tyrion, who is completely whitewashed in the show, with no darker, meaner side to him at all. I'm already expecting all the Sansa hate when it comes to their wedding, all because D&D refuse to make Tyrion at all slightly morally grey.
2751	Newstar	2013-04-25	I'm already expecting all the Sansa hate when it comes to their wedding, all because D&D refuse to make Tyrion at all slightly morally grey.Coupled with my earlier comment upthread, I realize I'm starting to sound like some kind of paid shill for D&D, but we don't know how it's going to play out. We haven't even seen the conversation where Tywin mentions the Sansa marriage to Tyrion, which will probably say a lot about how the marriage is going to play out (especially if they discuss Tyrion getting a crack at Winterfell at some length in that conversation). Leaving aside the whitewashing, there are a few things about TV Tyrion and TV Sansa that make the dynamic a bit different (namely that TV Tyrion is neither ugly nor disfigured, and that TV Sansa looks 18 or 19 and not 12 or 13), but these things may have nothing to do with how the marriage is perceived. I mean, if after the marriage is shown and we're into the PW or whatever, if there's a barrage of hatred from viewers towards Sansa because of how things played out, fine, but it seems too early at this stage to worry about it.As for Stannis, while GRRM seems to make a lot of noise in interviews about how he doesn't like the idea of "villains"--although he accidentally referred to Sandor, Jaime and Theon as such in an interview, oops--I got the impression he had a fairly dim view of Stannis as well. I think he said something on his Livejournal account implying he had a low opinion of Tiberius from I, Claudius, and then went on to state that there was a lot of Tiberius in his Stannis. Could be wrong, though.Do they report to us? No. But is there any reason to hide these things from us? No.I get what you're saying, but fans don't have any presumptive right to receive full disclosure as to why changes were made. I mean, they might think that they do, and they might act as if they do, but they don't.The only reason I can possibly see for D+D being reluctant to go into changes is out of embarrassment that their reasons aren't good enough.Maybe they don't want to put themselves in the position of trying to appease fans, because there's no pleasing some people, or maybe they don't want to imply by their conduct that they need to justify their decisions to fans, because fans are not the ultimate arbiter of what constitutes a valid or a poor reason for changing stuff from the books.I kind of like that the showrunners, as far as I can tell from interviews and such, seem to be cheerfully unconcerned with book purists' fury at changes. They also seem pretty nonchalant about GRRM's complaining about changes: I remember one comment in an interview that was basically "Hahaha, he wouldn't shut up about the lack of helmets for the Blackwater episode! Hilarious! What a card!"It's clear that they're not falling all over themselves to please the fans, and especially not the book purists. They're telling the story they want to tell, haters be damned. Fans have been complaining about Ros since Season 1, and yet she's still there in Season 3. The attitude seems to be "Haters gonna hate." No SanSan unkiss? Deal with it. Too much sexposition for you? Deal with it. Don't like Talisa? Deal with it. And so on. Maybe this is just me, but I find their attitude kind of refreshing, since I've been in way too many fandoms where the creators twist themselves into pretzels trying to please the fans and cater to their favourite characters/plotlines/ships. (I guess the counterpoint would be that D&D are catering to their own favourite characters/plotlines/ships, but at least it's only two sets of opinions as opposed to the multitude of fandom opinions.)It's hardly any effort to just say why they did so and so even if it the reason was just "it was cool."Again, why bother? They don't owe the fans any explanations, and no matter what explanation they give anyway, some or all of the purists will bitch. Better to leave it mysterious and let the fans argue amongst themselves as to possible reasons for the changes than to offer clarification as grist for the fans' mill. At any rate, though, the showrunners from what I can tell don't seem to be losing any sleep over worrying what fans will make of the changes.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 26 April 2013 - 12:51 AM.
2752	protar	2013-04-26	Coupled with my earlier comment upthread, I realize I'm starting to sound like some kind of paid shill for D&D, but we don't know how it's going to play out. We haven't even seen the conversation where Tywin mentions the Sansa marriage to Tyrion, which will probably say a lot about how the marriage is going to play out (especially if they discuss Tyrion getting a crack at Winterfell at some length in that conversation). Leaving aside the whitewashing, there are a few things about TV Tyrion and TV Sansa that make the dynamic a bit different (namely that TV Tyrion is neither ugly nor disfigured, and that TV Sansa looks 18 or 19 and not 12 or 13), but these things may have nothing to do with how the marriage is perceived. I mean, if after the marriage is shown and we're into the PW or whatever, if there's a barrage of hatred from viewers towards Sansa because of how things played out, fine, but it seems too early at this stage to worry about it.As for Stannis, while GRRM seems to make a lot of noise in interviews about how he doesn't like the idea of "villains"--although he accidentally referred to Sandor, Jaime and Theon as such in an interview, oops--I got the impression he had a fairly dim view of Stannis as well. I think he said something on his Livejournal account implying he had a low opinion of Tiberius from I, Claudius, and then went on to state that there was a lot of Tiberius in his Stannis. Could be wrong, though.I get what you're saying, but fans don't have any presumptive right to receive full disclosure as to why changes were made. I mean, they might think that they do, and they might act as if they do, but they don't.Maybe they don't want to put themselves in the position of trying to appease fans, because there's no pleasing some people, or maybe they don't want to imply by their conduct that they need to justify their decisions to fans, because fans are not the ultimate arbiter of what constitutes a valid or a poor reason for changing stuff from the books.I kind of like that the showrunners, as far as I can tell from interviews and such, seem to be cheerfully unconcerned with book purists' fury at changes. They also seem pretty nonchalant about GRRM's complaining about changes: I remember one comment in an interview that was basically "Hahaha, he wouldn't shut up about the lack of helmets for the Blackwater episode! Hilarious! What a card!"It's clear that they're not falling all over themselves to please the fans, and especially not the book purists. They're telling the story they want to tell, haters be damned. Fans have been complaining about Ros since Season 1, and yet she's still there in Season 3. The attitude seems to be "Haters gonna hate." No SanSan unkiss? Deal with it. Too much sexposition for you? Deal with it. Don't like Talisa? Deal with it. And so on. Maybe this is just me, but I find their attitude kind of refreshing, since I've been in way too many fandoms where the creators twist themselves into pretzels trying to please the fans and cater to their favourite characters/plotlines/ships. (I guess the counterpoint would be that D&D are catering to their own favourite characters/plotlines/ships, but at least it's only two sets of opinions as opposed to the multitude of fandom opinions.)Again, why bother? They don't owe the fans any explanations, and no matter what explanation they give anyway, some or all of the purists will bitch. Better to leave it mysterious and let the fans argue amongst themselves as to possible reasons for the changes than to offer clarification as grist for the fans' mill. At any rate, though, the showrunners from what I can tell don't seem to be losing any sleep over worrying what fans will make of the changes.A little pressed for time so I'll keep it quick. All that says to me is that D+D simply don't care about the source material or about the book readers. And they should, especially when they go on about how passionate they are about the books. They're not even obliged to respect or connect to us, but the least they could do is respect Martin, who has pretty much singlehandedly given them all this success.And if they don't care about what purists think, then why hide behind questions and not answer? There's no reason aside from a lack of respect.
2753	Nuttz	2013-04-26	I think it's pretty ridiculous to assume that D&D, who live and breathe Game of Thrones and aSoIaF, did not make a change without a good reason. The reason they don't tell the fans is because, as has been mentioned, they don't owe an explanation. In addition to that, most fans have no idea what they're talking about. They can say what they think makes good television and what would and would not work in the that medium when compared to the books, but the fact of the matter is that D&D are professionals, and very successful ones at that. The reasons they have for making any changes from the source material have far more knowledge behind them that any book reader will likely have.
2754	protar	2013-04-26	I think it's pretty ridiculous to assume that D&D, who live and breathe Game of Thrones and aSoIaF, did not make a change without a good reason. The reason they don't tell the fans is because, as has been mentioned, they don't owe an explanation. In addition to that, most fans have no idea what they're talking about. They can say what they think makes good television and what would and would not work in the that medium when compared to the books, but the fact of the matter is that D&D are professionals, and very successful ones at that. The reasons they have for making any changes from the source material have far more knowledge behind them that any book reader will likely have.Again, this "they don't owe us anything2 atittude doesn't make any sense. Perhaps they don't have to but it doesn't say good things about them when they don't. And to be honest they do owe us a lot. You think if ASOIAF didn't already have a large fanbase that the show would have been made? And certainly they owe Martin, so yes they should respect his source material.Also, I hate to break it to you but yeah they just change things for fun. They pretty much admitted that they thought Volantis was cool and that's why Jeyne became Talisa. They failed to explain however why what was in the books wasn't adequate. The show is full of D+D's little creative flairs. And of course even when they do have reasons, I am perfectly entitled to disagree with them and say that it makes poorer television than staying faithful to the books would.
2755	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-26	Again, this "they don't owe us anything2 atittude doesn't make any sense. Perhaps they don't have to but it doesn't say good things about them when they don't. And to be honest they do owe us a lot. You think if ASOIAF didn't already have a large fanbase that the show would have been made? And certainly they owe Martin, so yes they should respect his source material.To be honest, the size of the fanbase was not the reason the show was made. The HBO execs probably just liked the pilot, and assumed that the show would be very profitable. Rather than targeting the already existing fanbase, which although sizable, was nowhere near the size it is today, I'm pretty sure their primary target was the mainstream TV watching audience, and not avid readers.And regardless of whether it's an adaptation or not, Benioff and Weiss don't really owe us anything. We weren't the reason the show got made. It's completely within their right to do whatever they want with the material, just like it's completely within our right to criticize what they do.
2756	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-26	To be honest, the size of the fanbase was not the reason the show was made. The HBO execs probably just liked the pilot, and assumed that the show would be very profitable. Rather than targeting the already existing fanbase, which although sizable, was nowhere near the size it is today, I'm pretty sure their primary target was the mainstream TV watching audience, and not avid readers.And regardless of whether it's an adaptation or not, Benioff and Weiss don't really owe us anything. We weren't the reason the show got made. It's completely within their right to do whatever they want with the material, just like it's completely within our right to criticize what they do.A greater level of agreement would not be possible from me.Even though they change things, I still get such a giant buzz from seeing something that I've read and loved come to life onscreen. But l still love to discuss and whinge about things they've changed or omitted, and while I might not agree, this show is their passion and they aren't just trying to cater to book readers, but a massive mainstream audience as well (which is definitely the reason for all the sex scenes). Above all, I'm just fucking stoked that they did this. The fact that they undertook this giant project, in my opinion, cancels out anything that they allegedly owe us.
2757	protar	2013-04-26	To be honest, the size of the fanbase was not the reason the show was made. The HBO execs probably just liked the pilot, and assumed that the show would be very profitable. Rather than targeting the already existing fanbase, which although sizable, was nowhere near the size it is today, I'm pretty sure their primary target was the mainstream TV watching audience, and not avid readers.And regardless of whether it's an adaptation or not, Benioff and Weiss don't really owe us anything. We weren't the reason the show got made. It's completely within their right to do whatever they want with the material, just like it's completely within our right to criticize what they do.You're right. And it's not like there is a certain someone who they owe all their success to and whose books they should probably respect. right? In any case I think that not making unnecessary changes is perfectly reasonable, because well... they're unnecessary. Anyone claiming for example that Jeyne had to be turned into a Volantene nurse is quite frankly being delusional. That's such a specific and out-there change that there's really no logical reason for it besides D+D's exercising their own "creativity". Technically it's well within their rights, but that doesn't mean they should be doing it.
2758	Gendels Children	2013-04-26	/drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIE WAS GREAT, I HAVE VEEEERRY HIGH HOPES FOR THIS EPISODE, as i would have reguardless of who where directing it, but learning its him makes me very happy. he likes to stay true to the books, which is all i could ask for from him /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 26 April 2013 - 06:07 AM.
2759	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-26	You're right. And it's not like there is a certain someone who they owe all their success to and whose books they should probably respect. right? In any case I think that not making unnecessary changes is perfectly reasonable, because well... they're unnecessary. Anyone claiming for example that Jeyne had to be turned into a Volantene nurse is quite frankly being delusional. That's such a specific and out-there change that there's really no logical reason for it besides D+D's exercising their own "creativity". Technically it's well within their rights, but that doesn't mean they should be doing it.This just reiterates my point. It's within their right to do so, and it's within our right to criticize such changes. But ultimately, it's their machine, and I don't think they really owe it to us to remain 100% faithful to the books. The changes in the show may cheapen the quality of the show, and the quality of it's adaptation, but it does not cheapen the quality of the books in any way. And like you said, the only person they owe anything to is George, and he has personally said that he loves the show, and that's good enough for me.
2760	The Flaying Man	2013-04-26	I'm positive that D and D came up with that scene. They've gone on record to state that Stannis is a "villain", and Weiss even said that Stannis would make a terrible king, which worries me a great deal on the direction they'll look to take Stannis in the future. I guess that's a drawback of adapting a series with such polarizing characters-everyone sees them differently, and if the showrunners see him in a negative light, then you can guarantee that he'll be portrayed as a darker, more villainous figure.Oh no. When/where did they state all of this? I had hoped Stannis' "evil" phase would pass...
2761	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-26	Oh no. When/where did they state all of this? I had hoped Stannis' "evil" phase would pass...Weiss says Stannis would make a terrible king here. I can't recall which interview Benioff called Stannis a villain in, but I've definitely heard one of them say it.
2762	The Flaying Man	2013-04-26	Weiss says Stannis would make a terrible king here. I can't recall which interview Benioff called Stannis a villain in, but I've definitely heard one of them say it.Thanks, I saw this before but somehow forgot about it! The top-rated comment says it all, really. Don't worry, I believe you. Hopefully this doesn't mean he'll become an antagonist for Jon in the future? It's slightly early for that kind of speculation though, we'll see how this season plays out first.
2763	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	A little pressed for time so I'll keep it quick. All that says to me is that D+D simply don't care about the source material or about the book readers. And they should, especially when they go on about how passionate they are about the books. They're not even obliged to respect or connect to us, but the least they could do is respect Martin, who has pretty much singlehandedly given them all this success.And if they don't care about what purists think, then why hide behind questions and not answer? There's no reason aside from a lack of respect.There's no need to be ao dramatic about the whole thing. They don't care about the source material or book readers? They disrespect you? This is a shining example of why you don't entertain questions from a rabid and unreasonable fan base...because they're so rabid and unreasonable that anything you say is going to get blown out of proportion.
2764	Dragonstoned	2013-04-26	As for Stannis, while GRRM seems to make a lot of noise in interviews about how he doesn't like the idea of "villains"--although he accidentally referred to Sandor, Jaime and Theon as such in an interview, oops--I got the impression he had a fairly dim view of Stannis as well. I think he said something on his Livejournal account implying he had a low opinion of Tiberius from I, Claudius, and then went on to state that there was a lot of Tiberius in his Stannis. Could be wrong, though.Didn't he also say that Stannis is the most heroic character in the series? Open to interpretation: straight 'Stannis is a hero' or 'the series contains so few examples of heroism that even Stannis is probably the hero'I could be wrong here and can't find a quote, but I'm positive GRRM thinks of him more neutrally than D&D do.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 April 2013 - 07:32 AM.
2765	Dragonstoned	2013-04-26	There's no need to be ao dramatic about the whole thing. They don't care about the source material or book readers? They disrespect you? This is a shining example of why you don't entertain questions from a rabid and unreasonable fan base...because they're so rabid and unreasonable that anything you say is going to get blown out of proportion.Hardly rabid, Protar and I and anyone else I've seen asking questions make their points in a measured way.  We're not foaming at the mouth because of perceived disrespect from D&D, we just would like some answers and accountability.  They don't have to give it to us, obviously, but it's not unreasonable to hope for some?
2766	The Flaying Man	2013-04-26	I can only hope that D&D are offering opinions of Stannis that directly reflect what they believe the audience should think at that particular moment in time. In season 2, Stannis is a relatively new character, and was introduced as having let a foreign religion grasp a firm foothold in Westeros, which is automatically perceived as "wrong".
Perhaps they are simply playing to the expectations of the non book-reading audience with their comments? I hope this is the case, as otherwise they have grossly misunderstood Stannis' character and what he stands for.
2767	Sun	2013-04-26	I can't say I'm a big fan of the writing done on this show. The writers are competent - except for Vanessa Taylor who is atrocious - with Bryan Cogman being the most competent.
2768	Dragonstoned	2013-04-26	@Flaying Man, rather than playing to people's perceptions they're actually changing them though.  Whether you think Stannis ordered Renly's death or not, in the books there was the ambiguity.  Unsullied are well within their rights to think Stannis is a villain because in the show he flat out kills his brother.
My hope is that they are making him so bad to start with in order to emphasise the turn-around in his character once we get to 'Stannis! Stannis! STANNIS!'.  Otherwise yeah they have grossly misunderstood him, and either way should make more of an effort to render his grey-ness instead of imposing their own interpretations.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 April 2013 - 10:23 AM.
2769	The Flaying Man	2013-04-26	@Flaying Man, rather than playing to people's perceptions they're actually changing them though.  Whether you think Stannis ordered Renly's death or not, in the books there was the ambiguity.  Unsullied are well within their rights to think Stannis is a villain because in the show he flat out kills his brother.My hope is that they are making him so bad to start with in order to emphasis the turn-around in his character once we get to 'Stannis! Stannis! STANNIS!'.  Otherwise yeah they have grossly misunderstood him, and either way should make more of an effort to render his grey-ness instead of imposing their own interpretations.Good point. I just saw someone saying in another thread that D&D are letting their own opinions on characters contaminate George's characterization of the characters, such as making  Jon Snow an "idiot", and playing right into the cliched "girl power" idea with Daenerys...not to mention the whitewashing of Tyrion.Your second point is one I also hope proves true. If they play their cards right (a big hope), Stannis arriving at the Wall should be an amazing moment.
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 26 April 2013 - 07:52 AM.
2770	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-26	My hope is that they are making him so bad to start with in order to emphasis the turn-around in his character once we get to 'Stannis! Stannis! STANNIS!'.  Otherwise yeah they have grossly misunderstood him, and either way should make more of an effort to render his grey-ness instead of imposing their own interpretations.This is my hope. I don't see how they could maintain this idea of Stannis being a villain after he saves the Wall.
2771	The Flaying Man	2013-04-26	This is my hope. I don't see how they could maintain this idea of Stannis being a villain after he saves the Wall.Completely OT, but I just changed my avatar to avoid confusion with yours /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2772	protar	2013-04-26	There's no need to be ao dramatic about the whole thing. They don't care about the source material or book readers? They disrespect you? This is a shining example of why you don't entertain questions from a rabid and unreasonable fan base...because they're so rabid and unreasonable that anything you say is going to get blown out of proportion.Dragonstoned pretty much says what I think. It's hardly a herculean effort for them to issue a couple of statements about the whys and wherefores of a few of the major changes. They do a behind the episode video every week, it is not unreasonable to ask.But yeah, I do doubt their respect for the source material when they do things like replace one of Martin's characters with a character archetype he has specifically spoken out against. They're enthusiastic I'll give 'em that, but not always in a constructive and focused way imo.
2773	mykelsss	2013-04-26	Anyone claiming for example that Jeyne had to be turned into a Volantene nurse is quite frankly being delusional. That's such a specific and out-there change that there's really no logical reason for it besides D+D's exercising their own "creativity". Technically it's well within their rights, but that doesn't mean they should be doing it.How about this:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg?
					
					
							Edited by mykelsss, 26 April 2013 - 10:38 AM.
2774	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	Hardly rabid, Protar and I and anyone else I've seen asking questions make their points in a measured way.  We're not foaming at the mouth because of perceived disrespect from D&D, we just would like some answers and accountability.  They don't have to give it to us, obviously, but it's not unreasonable to hope for some?What do you want them to say exactly? We made this change because we thought it would play out better on a television show or we made this change because of budgetary reasons? Those are the reasons behind almost every decision. They don't make changes willy nilly or because they think it will in fact be worse with that change (budget providing).It's easy to understand why Jeyne Westerling was changed (Even though I don't particularly like it - I think they attempted to improve something that was sketchy to begin with and in fact made it worse).I'm not sure if you appreciate how pathetic it is as a fan to consistently demand answers from the producers of a show while all the time proclaiming how incompetent they are and how unjust it is that they won't address your concerns (I'm not saying you're like this, but almost all of the stubborn-book-purist crowd is the same as the D&D-are-morons crowd, hence rabid fans).
2775	protar	2013-04-26	How about this:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg?I've seen that video yeah. I fail to see how it really requires that Jeyne become a foreign nurse who can wander around battlefields and sass kings without consequences. I'm sorry, but I just don't see in any way how that change was necessary.
2776	franko99	2013-04-26	wow, this thread go quickly from "praise Cogman" to "bash D&D".All I have to say is, even though I don't agree with all their changes, this is by far the best adaptation I have ever seen in TV/films, and most of the added scenes have been great so far (not surprisingly Cogman did most of my favorites), I know most of us would have loved to see everything exactly as it was on our heads, but that's impossible, and yes as a die hard Stannis supporter, I'm concerned about the direction they're taking his character, but if D&D decided to make him that way, in the end it's their right to do so.And of course they don't own us anything, but more feedback would be welcomed, in the end the hardcore fans of the serie, most of the time are also the hardcore fans of the books, hope they learn from Cogman and start do more interviews and become more "friendlier/open" to their fansm and change the "deal with it" attitude
2777	Dragonstoned	2013-04-26	What do you want them to say exactly? We made this change because we thought it would play out better on a television show or we made this change because of budgetary reasons? Those are the reasons behind almost every decision. They don't make changes willy nilly or because they think it will in fact be worse with that change (budget providing).The budgetary ones no-one has any problems with, except I suppose that HBO should give them as big a budget as they want to match the popularity of the show.  I guess people want more depth on the reasons - saying 'we thought it would be interesting for the actors to play it out this way' is all well and good, but it raises the question of why they feel this is more important than preserving the plot, e.g. why is it a bigger concern than Robb's reasons for sleeping with his eventual wife and ballsing up the northern campaign?Saying 'we thought it would be better' is a cop-out instead of a justification, you said yourself that they don't make changes because they think it will be worse so it goes without saying that that is the basic reason why.  We just want to know WHY the change makes it better within the framework of the source material and adaptation process, and it would be the most interesting thing to listen to the showrunners' thinking.wow, this thread go quickly from "praise Cogman" to "bash D&D".All I have to say is, even though I don't agree with all their changes, this is by far the best adaptation I have ever seen in TV/films, and most of the added scenes have been great so far (not surprisingly Cogman did most of my favorites), I know most of us would have loved to see everything exactly as it was on our heads, but that's impossible.I am mostly responsible for the change in the thread direction but it was because the interview posted was apparently meant to sooth book-purist fears and I thought it didn't.  I loved What is Dead May Never Die and thought it was the best episode last season that wasn't Blackwater, and BC is definitely my favourite showrunner..As for the second point then the show is facking brilliant (third best thing on TV after Wire and Firefly imo), but this doesn't mean we can't expect it to be better.  The thing is that there's the chance to make something truly epic and timeless, which is what the books are, a show without question the best thing on TV and it's falling just short of the mark.  Just want it to be as good as it could be.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 April 2013 - 11:37 AM.
2778	Thelastactionhero	2013-04-26	Didn't he also say that Stannis is the most heroic character in the series? Open to interpretation: straight 'Stannis is a hero' or 'the series contains so few examples of heroism that even Stannis is probably the hero'I could be wrong here and can't find a quote, but I'm positive GRRM thinks of him more neutrally than D&D do.George R Martin specifically stated that: "Stannis is, despite everything, a truly righteous man." Though he is certainly far from perfect, book readers can infer from the tonality of his portrayal in the latter part of SoS and A Dance With Dragons that he is far from being a "villain". Especially when one thinks about Jon Snow being polarized over helping Stannis, yet continually reminding himself that "Stannis fights for the realm." Yes, this is simply Jon's view, and I'm not saying that any of the character's POVs should be understood as representing Martin's own opinion of the characters, but these are important scenes where we experience Stannis, and others' perceptions of him, which ultimately culminate into the aesthetic tone through which he is portrayed. He is far from being a benevolent action hero, but I feel it's made abundantly clear that Stannis' intentions are not petty, childish, nor wholly villainous, and that he is one of the more noble major characters within the work. Dragonstone at this period in the show is, admittedly, a low point for Stannis, and they still have time to develop him into a fully fleshed, morally gray character, but should they choose to continue this route, it'll be nothing less than an abuse of the source material.
2779	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-26	Gods, this fan base is horrible. The sense of entitlement; acting like they have any idea what goes into the production of this show, let alone any television show, etc.
I'm glad D&D don't waste their time "answering for themselves", because there focus is where it belongs - on making the show that practically consumes their entire lives. Posters like protar are arm-chair filmmakers - except going beyond mere criticism into personal attacks, and making judgement of character without having met or spoken with D&D or anyone else involved in this production is doubly ignorant and presumptuous. Martin, D&D, and Bryan Cogman all recently spent a weekend together discussing this story and probably having some laughs. You (nor 99.9% of the people who post here) have never even met any of them. So don't make ridiculous assumptions about the respect the people involved have for either the source material or the author. You don't know. George Martin does. Which is why he agreed to let the two of them make this show, and why he is still involved and continually assisting in its production.
2780	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-04-26	"Yes, he<U+0080><U+0099>s officially out of show canon. In GAME OF THRONES canon, Egg is the Mad King<U+0080><U+0099>s father" .....
2781	Dysun	2013-04-26	Any time something is adapted from book to film it's going to have book thumpers crying foul, not unexpected. Frankly it could be farrrrrrrrr worse, look at The Walking Dead. Nothing like the source and much worse off for it
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 26 April 2013 - 02:25 PM.
2782	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-04-26	Gods, this fan base is horrible. The sense of entitlement; acting like they have any idea what goes into the production of this show, let alone any television show, etc. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2783	protar	2013-04-26	Gods, this fan base is horrible. The sense of entitlement; acting like they have any idea what goes into the production of this show, let alone any television show, etc.I'm glad D&D don't waste their time "answering for themselves", because there focus is where it belongs - on making the show that practically consumes their entire lives. Posters like protar are arm-chair filmmakers - except going beyond mere criticism into personal attacks, and making judgement of character without having met or spoken with D&D or anyone else involved in this production is doubly ignorant and presumptuous. Martin, D&D, and Bryan Cogman all recently spent a weekend together discussing this story and probably having some laughs. You (nor 99.9% of the people who post here) have never even met any of them. So don't make ridiculous assumptions about the respect the people involved have for either the source material or the author. You don't know. George Martin does. Which is why he agreed to let the two of them make this show, and why he is still involved and continually assisting in its production.No one is saying they're entitled to anything. We're just saying it would be nice for a little bit of fan/producer feedback. Which it would be.I have never made any personal attacks against D+D, I don't know where you're getting that. Criticising their dedication to the source material and their ability as writers is not a personal attack. The only person making personal attack is you.Have you met any of them? If you have did you have any interaction with them aside from getting an autograph or asking a quick fan question? I doubt it. So why is your view of D+D - that they're amazing writers who apparently can't be criticised - the default? Neither of us know them, so to discredit my criticisms due to my lack of knowledge of them in the same breath that you praise them is quite simply hypocritical and rude.I do wonder why you continue to post in a fandom that you think is awful. Though of course it isn't awful, people just don't take kindly to somebody coming in, personally attacking them and patronising their  knowledge of film and television. Perhaps if you posted without doing this we would be able to have the civil conversations that I am able to have with all of the other D+D fans.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 26 April 2013 - 02:36 PM.
2784	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-26	No one is saying they're entitled to anything. We're just saying it would be nice for a little bit of fan/producer feedback. Which it would be.I have never made any personal attacks against D+D, I don't know where you're getting that. Criticising their dedication to the source material and their ability as writers is not a personal attack. The only person making personal attack is you.Have you met any of them? If you have did you have any interaction with them aside from getting an autograph or asking a quick fan question? I doubt it. So why is your view of D+D - that they're amazing writers who apparently can't be criticised - the default? Neither of us know them, so to discredit my criticisms due to my lack of knowledge of them in the same breath that you praise them is quite simply hypocritical and rude.I do wonder why you continue to post in a fandom that you think is awful. Though of course it isn't awful, people just don't take kindly to somebody coming in, personally attacking them and patronising their  knowledge of film and television. Perhaps if you posted without doing this we would be able to have the civil conversations that I am able to have with all of the other D+D fans.Spare me the bullshit. All one would need to do is look at your posting history (some posts in this thread, even) to see that - 1.) You - and a lot of other posters - do feel some sense of entitlement when it comes to "explanations" for why certain changes were made. & 2.) You - and other posters - make personal attacks against D&D's character all the time (again, in this thread, even). My view of D&D is irrelevant. I never mention what I think about them as people, because I don't know as I've never met them. It's a bold-faced lie for you to say you don't personally attack them, and if you like, I'll come back to this thread with ample quotes to prove it. So just as you don't like being "personally attacked", it'd be easy to assume that nobody else does, either. You consistently question their ability as writers, and their ability to run this show 'effectively', but that's not a personal attack... Fair enough, but then how is it possible for you to consider what I said a personal attack? What do you know about film/television production, in that case? Enlighten me. It's ridiculous that the site enforces rules that we don't accuse any of the Unsullied from TWoP of being book readers, and that we don't mention them by name, but there's no such rule in place for the people behind the show. You know I enjoy debating the show with you, protar, but you're kidding yourself if you think you don't do exactly what you just said that you didn't in many of your posts. The irony here is that I didn't accuse you of anything, or say anything much different than what you've said about D&D, so maybe you should get some thicker skin before throwing around insults. And yes, this fandom - as a whole - is horrible. Everywhere you go, people spoil the big moments from the series left and right. YouTube videos, message boards - basically anywhere on the Internet. Compound that with the fact that this is essentially one of the closest adaptations ever done for television or film, and then look at the amount of complaining over changes, and it's not hard to see why I (and others) would think that. The sense of entitlement comes from the fact that we didn't have to get an adaptation of this story at all. Would you have preferred that? I'm sure Martin wouldn't have, as it has opened his amazing book series up to people all over the world who wouldn't have heard about it any other way. Ultimately, we're all here to discuss the books and the adaptation of the books, not how much the people involved in the production of the show "respect" and/or "care about" the source material or the fan base.If I were to continually post about how Martin doesn't give a fuck about his fans because of the way he split up fan favorite characters among the last two books, or how long it's taking for these latest books to be released, then I would hope someone would call me out on it, because it wouldn't be within my knowledge to know any of that for a certainty. The fact that it would be conjecture on my part wouldn't excuse the fact that I was being an ignorant ass, however. That's what I'm trying to say.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 26 April 2013 - 03:19 PM.
2785	The Flaying Man	2013-04-26	I think the thing we all have to remember, as aptly pointed out by Khal-a-bunga, is that George trusted D&D to bring his baby to life on screen. That should say enough. Yes, we nag and complain when a change is made, but that's television.
We (and by "we" I mean readers and lovers of ASOIAF) have the privilege of reading the books because of George's knowledge and intuition. Similarly, by George passing on that intuition to D&D, and knowing fully that a literal translation from book to screen on this level is impossible, we owe D&D the utmost respect. We don't know them, and most likely never will, but GRRM does. They are under no obligation to account for any administrative decisions they make to us. Cogman has simply set that standard in some people's minds because he has been more transparent in his interviews, but that's just the type of person he is.
Yes, this fandom as a whole is horrible. Why should D&D, or anyone for that matter, have to explain themselves to fans, as if they have erred. D&D have not erred; they run a TV show, not a visual series of novels. There is a difference between the two mediums. While some changes seem cheap and uninteresting compared to the book counterparts, in the end, it doesn't matter. George trusted D&D to commandeer the impossible task of bringing a series of un-filmable books to the screen, and they are doing a marvelous job, as George trusted that they would, otherwise he wouldn't have handed over the rights.
They don't "owe" us anything. We owe them our appreciation and respect for attempting the seemingly impossible, and doing a damn good job of it. A little thanks never went astray.
2786	King Tommen	2013-04-26	It should also be mentioned that it is exceedingly rare for any showrunner of popular and serialized television projects to provide any kind of reasons for making the decisions that they do.  They often feel like the art should speak for itself and either aren't interested or comfortable justifying the way certain decisions are made.  Guys like David Chase (Sopranos), David Simon (The Wire) or Matthew Weiner (Mad Men) wouldn't interact with fans or provide reasons for the choices that they make on-screen even if you begged them to.
All in all, I think the level of access that D&D have provided, as well as the latitude they have given writers like Cogman to speak about many, many aspects of the production and the writing process is fairly astounding, if you're looking for comparisons.  I think the fanbase, because it's so rabid and has the books as the source material can be, at times, unreasonably demanding of details that have historically, never been offered up to the general public.
I also think that we can all agree that this endeavour, like all art, like George's books, isn't perfect.  And you are free to disagree with aspects of it.  I just don't really understand why some fans will dwell on these particular aspects and let them drive their opinion of the entire series.  In my case, on a series that I enjoyed immensely, when certain things appear that chafe for me, I would let my feelings be known once or maybe twice and then I'd move on because I get exponentially more enjoyment from watching this show than I do misery.  Why would I choose to focus on the negative to such an extreme degree?
2787	protar	2013-04-26	Spare me the bullshit. All one would need to do is look at your posting history (some posts in this thread, even) to see that - 1.) You - and a lot of other posters - do feel some sense of entitlement when it comes to "explanations" for why certain changes were made. & 2.) You - and other posters - make personal attacks against D&D's character all the time (again, in this thread, even).A personal attack would be insinuating that D+D are horrible people for their mistakes in the show. There are posters about which call them dumb and dumber and make those attacks, but I am not one of them. I simply criticise they're writing and show decisions and aren't always (or ever) too sweet about it. That's not a personal attack it's an opinion.My view of D&D is irrelevant. I never mention what I think about them as people, because I don't know as I've never met them. It's a bold-faced lie for you to say you don't personally attack them, and if you like, I'll come back to this thread with ample quotes to prove it. So just as you don't like being "personally attacked", it'd be easy to assume that nobody else does, either. You consistently question their ability as writers, and their ability to run this show 'effectively', but that's not a personal attack? Then how is it possible for you to consider what I said a personal attack? What do you know about film/television production, in that case? Enlighten me.Again, I don't see these as personal attacks. Some people aren't good writers. When they then publish their writing people are perfectly at liberty to criticise that. Again, I do not presume to know what they're like as people. I only ever criticise them in relation to the show. Your argument is a two edged sword. On the one hand you can ask when criticism becomes personal attacks, on the other you can ask when refusing to criticise them becomes ridiculous coddling. Are you seriously saying no one should be able to criticise how they run the show without it being a personal attack? Certainly I have never intended to personally attack them if my posts ever came across like that. I think we've all said less than polite things in the heat of the moment after all.As for my knowledge in film, it's hardly encyclopedic but I am approaching the end of a 2 year film course in college, and including my high school experience that makes four years study film. Almost a quarter of my life. I know you perhaps don't see a 17 year old as an aficionado of film and you're probably right, but I am not entirely innocent of the topic. And I'm sure there are plenty of purists here who do actually work in film or related jobs.It's ridiculous that the site enforces rules that we don't accuse any of the Unsullied from TWoP of being book readers, or that we even mention them by name, but there's no such rule in place for the people behind the show. You know I enjoy debating the show with you, protar, but you're kidding yourself if you think you don't do exactly what you just said that you didn't in your original post. The irony here is that I didn't accuse you, or say anything much different than what you've said about D&D, so maybe you should get some thicker skin before throwing around insults.I apologise if I was throwing around insults. I enjoy debating the show with you as well, I only wish that we could do that more civilly.And yes, this fandom - as a whole - is horrible. Everywhere you go, people spoil the big moments from the series left and right. YouTube videos, message boards - basically anywhere on the Internet. Compound that with the fact that this is essentially one of the closest adaptations ever done for television or film, and then look at the amount of complaining over changes, and it's not hard to see why I (and others) would think that. The sense of entitlement comes from the fact that we didn't have to get an adaptation of this story at all. Would you have preferred that? I'm sure Martin wouldn't have, as it has opened his amazing book series up to people all over the world who wouldn't have heard about it any other way. Ultimately, we're all here to discuss the books and the adaptation of the books, not how much the people involved in the production of the show "respect" and/or "care about" the source material or the fan base.I think a better argument would be that the internet is horrible. This forum at any rate is mostly given over to intelligent discussion of the show. It can be heated, but let's be honest here - both sides of the argument are guilty of that.Obviously I would not prefer no show at all, the show is very good and I think (I know) that I fail to get across most of the time how much I like the show, how excited I get every week. But it is not perfect. No show is. I try to give intelligent, constructive criticisms and I think that criticism is very important to the media industry.If I were to continually post about how Martin doesn't give a fuck about his fans because of the way he split up fan favorite characters among the last two books, or how long it's taking for these latest books to be released, then I would hope someone would call me out on it, because it wouldn't be within my knowledge to know any of that for a certainty. The fact that it would be conjecture on my part wouldn't excuse the fact that I was being an ignorant ass, however. That's what I'm trying to say.They're not really the same situations though. Anyone who looked into the reasons behind the character split and the frustrating writing times would know that Martin struggled incredibly with this section of the story and was most certainly trying his best to tell an exciting story and get it out as quickly as possible. And Martin is ever visiting fan conventions and doing interviews, he finds it hard to say no. It's kind of improbable that anyone with any knowledge of the topic would consider Martin to not care about his fans (though I could understand the view that he's having trouble with motivation.).In this case there's little evidence that D+D struggled immensely with the source material and that only after thoroughly exhausting every over option they decided to make changes. That would be the equivalent. It seems fairly clear from what interviews we've gotten that D+D are comfortable with deviating from the books whenever the mood strikes them. I don't see this as positive, but I can certainly understand if you do.In any case, I think we've strayed off-topic in a thread about an episode not by D+D but by a writer who I actually think is excellent. I'd love to pick the conversation up in some other thread or some over time, and I would really like for things to be friendlier whilst discussing it (and I'm not blaming that on you.) /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2788	iheartseverus	2013-04-26	I would let my feelings be known once or maybe twice and then I'd move on because I get exponentially more enjoyment from watching this show than I do misery.  Why would I choose to focus on the negative to such an extreme degree?^This.  There are 3 regular long-time posters here that, as soon as I see their username as the next post, I just scroll right past it and go on to read the next in line, because its a nearly iron-clad certainty that their posts will be depressingly negative, critical, hostile, rude or some combination of all.  Since I've taken to doing that (just skipping over them and moving on) , my enjoyment level browsing these threads has dramatically increased.  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />ETA:  On topic, thank you, Bryan Cogman--I'm a great fan of yours!
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 26 April 2013 - 03:42 PM.
2789	Mr Fixit	2013-04-26	And yes, this fandom - as a whole - is horrible.Unfortunately yes. The ASOIAF (primarily book+show) fandom is terrible beyond words, it's soulcrushingly hideously... hideous, yeah that's the word. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />But, I really, really, really encourage people to go over to Television Without Pity - now that's what a forum ought to look like! Not only the Unsullied, but more or less all the threads devoted to GoT are simply brimming with intelligent insightful people talking, thinking, and typing about the show. Some don't like it, some are very critical, but ALL are dedicated to diving headlong into this sprawling world and analyzing the hell out of it!Compared to here, it's like finally moving from one of those schools with abusive bullies around every corner that Hollywood TV shows like to portray so much.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 26 April 2013 - 04:00 PM.
2790	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-26	Let's try and keep the discussion friendly, guys. We don't want a repeat of the "homophobic undertones in GOT" thread again. And I agree with the poster that said that this thread is deviating too much into criticizing D and D. That should probably be in another thread, since this one is about Cogman.I can only hope that D&D are offering opinions of Stannis that directly reflect what they believe the audience should think at that particular moment in time. In season 2, Stannis is a relatively new character, and was introduced as having let a foreign religion grasp a firm foothold in Westeros, which is automatically perceived as "wrong".Perhaps they are simply playing to the expectations of the non book-reading audience with their comments? I hope this is the case, as otherwise they have grossly misunderstood Stannis' character and what he stands for. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Let's hope this is the case. It would make some sense, given that Stannis was still seen by readers in a negative light in ACOK. IMO, he only started to become a fan favourite at the end of the ASOS. Before that, he was just a self-righteous, grouchy stick in the mud.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 26 April 2013 - 04:24 PM.
2791	BenPlumm	2013-04-26	Gods, this fan base is horrible. The sense of entitlement; acting like they have any idea what goes into the production of this show, let alone any television show, etc.Thank you.
2792	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	Gods, this fan base is horrible. The sense of entitlement; acting like they have any idea what goes into the production of this show, let alone any television show, etc.I'm glad D&D don't waste their time "answering for themselves", because there focus is where it belongs - on making the show that practically consumes their entire lives. Posters like protar are arm-chair filmmakers - except going beyond mere criticism into personal attacks, and making judgement of character without having met or spoken with D&D or anyone else involved in this production is doubly ignorant and presumptuous. Martin, D&D, and Bryan Cogman all recently spent a weekend together discussing this story and probably having some laughs. You (nor 99.9% of the people who post here) have never even met any of them. So don't make ridiculous assumptions about the respect the people involved have for either the source material or the author. You don't know. George Martin does. Which is why he agreed to let the two of them make this show, and why he is still involved and continually assisting in its production.I love you.
2793	wolverine	2013-04-26	There are lots of great fans too, assholes.
2794	Words of Winter	2013-04-26	wow, this thread go quickly from "praise Cogman" to "bash D&D".All I have to say is, even though I don't agree with all their changes, this is by far the best adaptation I have ever seen in TV/films, and most of the added scenes have been great so far (not surprisingly Cogman did most of my favorites), I know most of us would have loved to see everything exactly as it was on our heads, but that's impossible, and yes as a die hard Stannis supporter, I'm concerned about the direction they're taking his character, but if D&D decided to make him that way, in the end it's their right to do so.And of course they don't own us anything, but more feedback would be welcomed, in the end the hardcore fans of the serie, most of the time are also the hardcore fans of the books, hope they learn from Cogman and start do more interviews and become more "friendlier/open" to their fansm and change the "deal with it" attitude Here Here! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />The way I see it. D&D took a gamble, put their money and investors' money on the line and said 'HBO, we want to do this and will you give us tens of millions per year to adapt a yet unfinished epoch consisting of at least 4000 pages of detail into serial show?'   It takes balls and they could have failed and may still fail. It's now their story to tell. They are fully invested in project, emotionally, finiancially, artistically, and I, for one, would rather them concentrate on writing than spending all their time answering the same questions over and over and defending themselves.  I wish some other unnamed authors would do the same /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  If they were to answer questions, it would probably create as much animosity as not answering them because millions of people have millions of points of view.  Look, some of the episodes I rated as 8 or 9, others thought were garbage.  Some I thought were underwhelming, others thought were orgasmic.  We all have our own opinions and they have to tell the story they want to tell.  Otherwise it will become #2.That said, I wish it was more truthful to the original books, but to restate franko99, this is by far the best book to TV adaptation I have ever seen.ETA:  Brian Cogman is a fantastic surrogate for D&D in interviews because fandom knows he will do his best to be true to the source material.
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 26 April 2013 - 10:40 PM.
2795	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	There are lots of great fans too, assholes.I agree. I like to think I'm one of those fans. I think the remarks made about certain fans were about those who can't understand what a devastating production this must be and it seems people don't appreciate the time, money, and effort that goes into such a production and thus say things like they (D&D) don't care about or respect it.
2796	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-26	I agree. I like to think I'm one of those fans. I think the remarks made about certain fans were about those who can't understand what a devastating production this must be and it seems people don't appreciate the time, money, and effort that goes into such a production and thus say things like they (D&D) don't care about or respect it.I think 95% of fans would think this about themselves, too. But that doesn't stop from them getting a little pissed when one particular moment they like is changed.Seriously, though, I've never understood all the hatred for D&D. Game of Thrones is an incredible show that adapts wonderfully from ASoIaF and probably a good portion of the people here would have never even heard of George R.R. Martin if not for the show and the adaptation.I think the difficult thing for the fans is knowing how to react to change we dislike. If you really like Stannis how do you react to the (possible) changes made to his character, for instance? However much we can convince ourselves that this is just an adaptation, we can never convince ourselves that something would not be better the way it was originally, and the way we liked it. As I see it, the only way of getting past this is to...well, just get over it. There's not a lot we can do about it, and D&D who spend near on their entire working lives at the moment creating this show know their reasons for changes much better than we do. George trusted them with this, and not without good reason because the show has proved to be excellent thus far.
2797	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-26	Completely OT, but I just changed my avatar to avoid confusion with yours /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Ahh, you didn't have to! I was going to change mine soon, anyway. Need to do it before the RW /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> .
2798	King in the North Carolina	2013-04-26	I happen to think D&D do a great job, overall, though I think some of the criticisms are valid. The posters who take issue with the perceived faithlessness to the source material usually do a good job presenting reasons why sticking closer to the books would make for better tv.
The only thing I find myself really not taking serously is the idea that departing from the books constitute a "disrespect" for the books or for GRRM. I just don't buy that. I think most of us have seen film/tv adaptations that truly disrespect the source material, and nothing about GOT(even the missteps) feels that way to me.
2799	eetrebor	2013-04-27	I think the difficult thing for the fans is knowing how to react to change we dislike. If you really like Stannis how do you react to the (possible) changes made to his character, for instance? However much we can convince ourselves that this is just an adaptation, we can never convince ourselves that something would not be better the way it was originally, and the way we liked it. As I see it, the only way of getting past this is to...well, just get over it. There's not a lot we can do about it, and D&D who spend near on their entire working lives at the moment creating this show know their reasons for changes much better than we do. George trusted them with this, and not without good reason because the show has proved to be excellent thus far.The Stannis thing is interesting because people are overreacting to one particular scene and think the character was butchered (even when people have cited instances in the book which support the actions of TV Stannis regarding Melisandre) when they haven't even seen how the rest of his arc will play out this season (let alone the rest of the series). Also, much like Robb, the fact that they aren't POV characters can also influence the view of certain characters since we only view them through the eyes of third-parties in the books....whereas the series has to SHOW their emotions, motivations, etc.
2800	King Tommen	2013-04-27	I don't get the Stannis complaints either because
1) He's been on screen for a grand total of about 2 minutes so far this season, there's not enough footage to come to any kind of conclusion at this point.
2) The source material at this point of the story doesn't portray him any differently really.  He spends a large portion of ASoS moping around Dragonstone without a true purpose and looking like he's lost his way since losing the Battle of Blackwater.  People are projecting far too many developments that they know are coming on to the character at the moment.  I find that a lot of people do the same thing with characters like Jon and Jaime as well where they have an image of them after finishing aDwD and forget that these characters were not nearly as fully formed during their stories in ACoK and ASoS.
Patience, my friends.  You'll get your resolute and kickass Stannis, but looking for that at this point in the story isn't going to yield a lot of satisfaction.
2801	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-27	Stannis having sex with Melisandre is clearly lifted from the books. But would Stannis be pining after her? I'm not so sure. But even if he did, they could have at least made the writing of higher quality than what we got in the third episode. It sounded like bad fanfiction. I think it's pretty ridiculous to assume that D&D, who live and breathe Game of Thrones and aSoIaF, did not make a change without a good reason. The reason they don't tell the fans is because, as has been mentioned, they don't owe an explanation. In addition to that, most fans have no idea what they're talking about. They can say what they think makes good television and what would and would not work in the that medium when compared to the books, but the fact of the matter is that D&D are professionals, and very successful ones at that. The reasons they have for making any changes from the source material have far more knowledge behind them that any book reader will likely have. I hate this line of argument, because it suggests that we should just sit back and let changes happen because "D&D are professionals".So what? We're the viewers. If we think a change is bad, our viewpoint is perfectly valid. Several changes last season are pretty much unanimously considered bad: the kidnapping of the dragons, and Robb/Talisa. Both these storylines completely changed what was in the book (some would use the word "butchered") and replaced the material with the very same cliches and tropes that GRRM was trying to deconstruct. The first Robb/Talisa scene where he falls in love as soon as he sees her and she starts sassing him is just awful TV, and the same goes for Xaro Xhoan Daxos cutting his hand outside the gates of Qarth. Neither of those changes were due to time-constraints or budget, as Dany and Robb actually had more screentime.If those are the sorts of changes D&D are going to make, they should stop making changes, because all they're doing is lowering the quality of the TV show.I haven't seen anyone complain about changes that were genuinely due to time-constraints or budget, such as the merged shadowbabies, the lack of Storm's End, Theon beheading Ser Rodrik, etc. I've seen people disappointed that some of their favourite moments won't happen, but I've never seen any genuine complaints over changes that were actually necessary.
2802	Mr Fixit	2013-04-27	The only thing I find myself really not taking serously is the idea that departing from the books constitute a "disrespect" for the books or for GRRM.Yeah, those kinds of remarks are really "lowest of the low" and there are surprisingly many of them. Some weird notion, fetish almoat, gets perpetuated around certain circles here that D&D's main purpose in life is to stick it to Martin and "improve on him because of their genius (har har)".
2803	Mr Fixit	2013-04-27	tropes that GRRM was trying to deconstruct.If I read one more time about "deconstructing tropes", I'll end up brain-dead. Overexposure is a nasty thing, you know. /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
2804	protar	2013-04-27	If I read one more time about "deconstructing tropes", I'll end up brain-dead. Overexposure is a nasty thing, you know. /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />It's a perfectly valid point though. Martin has specifically spoken out against the plucky peasant who can sass nobility and get away with it, he deconstructs that trope. And then D+D introduces a character -scratch that, they replace one of Martin's characters - with exactly that. I'm really not sure how you can put those two facts together and come out thinking that D+D are respecting the source material.I'm sure (and I certainly hope) that they're not deliberately going out of their way to disrespect the source material, I think they simply don't get what is and isn't important to the spirit of Martin's work. That's a subjective thing a lot of the time, but when Martin specifically objects to a certain trope, and that trope is then inserted into an adaptation it's clear to me that they've overlooked something.(And before anyone says, no this is not a personal attack.).
2805	Iotun	2013-04-27	The problem is a lot of the complainers are very short-sighted. The whole complain about 'changing Stannis's character'. I see it less as a change, but more of an arc, to show how Davos manages to influence him, and get him to come out of his state of self pity after his defeat by the end of the season, so that he's his stern and righteous self by Season 4. The character will eventually go back to how he's in the books. But Stannis has to be seen to have undergone a change by the time he leaves for the wall, so that we can buy his whole 'Saving the realm to win my crown rather than winning my crown to save the realm' bit. If we start Season 3 with Stannis being pretty much the same as in Season 2 emotionally wise then his story kind of falls flat. George doesn't have the problem in Book 3, because Book 3 in its entirety ALSO covers his arrival at the wall and saving the watch which serves as the peak of his arc in Book 3. But given that the show realities mean that those scenes will need to be moved to Season 4, his journey prior to those events must be made more dramatic in order to have some kind of arc for the character.
As an aside, why do people dislike Vanessa Taylor? I thought her Season 2 episodes were my favorites after Blackwater. Which episode did she do in Season 3?
2806	protar	2013-04-27	The problem is a lot of the complainers are very short-sighted. The whole complain about 'changing Stannis's character'. I see it less as a change, but more of an arc, to show how Davos manages to influence him, and get him to come out of his state of self pity after his defeat by the end of the season, so that he's his stern and righteous self by Season 4. The character will eventually go back to how he's in the books. But Stannis has to be seen to have undergone a change by the time he leaves for the wall, so that we can buy his whole 'Saving the realm to win my crown rather than winning my crown to save the realm' bit. If we start Season 3 with Stannis being pretty much the same as in Season 2 emotionally wise then his story kind of falls flat. George doesn't have the problem in Book 3, because Book 3 in its entirety ALSO covers his arrival at the wall and saving the watch which serves as the peak of his arc in Book 3. But given that the show realities mean that those scenes will need to be moved to Season 4, his journey prior to those events must be made more dramatic in order to have some kind of arc for the character.As an aside, why do people dislike Vanessa Taylor? I thought her Season 2 episodes were my favorites after Blackwater. Which episode did she do in Season 3?I do agree about the Stannis scene. I thought it could have been better acted, but at the very least we know that Stannis does brood for a while at Dragonstone and we don't see him for most of the time SOS spends in Dragonstone. So I suppose it's not outside the realms of possibility that he could act like that. The true proof of how D+D are handling Stannis will be S4 when he charges in to save the NW. Though tbh they'd have to be pretty damn determined to make Stannis look weak there /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2807	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-27	In my opinion, some people take the books way too serious. I do not mean any offense, but I think you need to relax a little more.
2808	Iotun	2013-04-27	It's a perfectly valid point though. Martin has specifically spoken out against the plucky peasant who can sass nobility and get away with it, he deconstructs that trope. And then D+D introduces a character -scratch that, they replace one of Martin's characters - with exactly that. I'm really not sure how you can put those two facts together and come out thinking that D+D are respecting the source material.I'm sure (and I certainly hope) that they're not deliberately going out of their way to disrespect the source material, I think they simply don't get what is and isn't important to the spirit of Martin's work. That's a subjective thing a lot of the time, but when Martin specifically objects to a certain trope, and that trope is then inserted into an adaptation it's clear to me that they've overlooked something.(And before anyone says, no this is not a personal attack.).I think D&D have spend WAY more time personally with George, and have had WAY more feedback from him personally on their view of what the show means than every poster in this forum combined. So I'm slightly weary of the charge that they dont't 'understand the spirit' of his work. I think that maybe its the posters here who misunderstand the spirit of his work. It's human nature to assume that our interpretation of the world and the things in it is the correct one, and that other misinterpret it. You see the books in a certain way, and want to see them adapted in a certain way, and when that doesn't happen you view is that the people making the adaptations are 'misrepresenting' the spirit of them.As an example I certainly don't agree with your post above about D&D introducing the trope of the peasant who speaks down to nobility and gets away with it, nor do I think that the showrunners have done anything that goes against the spirit of the books.
2809	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-27	The problem is a lot of the complainers are very short-sighted. The whole complain about 'changing Stannis's character'. I see it less as a change, but more of an arc, to show how Davos manages to influence him, and get him to come out of his state of self pity after his defeat by the end of the season, so that he's his stern and righteous self by Season 4. The character will eventually go back to how he's in the books. But Stannis has to be seen to have undergone a change by the time he leaves for the wall, so that we can buy his whole 'Saving the realm to win my crown rather than winning my crown to save the realm' bit. If we start Season 3 with Stannis being pretty much the same as in Season 2 emotionally wise then his story kind of falls flat. George doesn't have the problem in Book 3, because Book 3 in its entirety ALSO covers his arrival at the wall and saving the watch which serves as the peak of his arc in Book 3. But given that the show realities mean that those scenes will need to be moved to Season 4, his journey prior to those events must be made more dramatic in order to have some kind of arc for the character.This is fine. The problem is that the writing (episode 3 specifically) is awful. I loved the scene between Stannis, Melisandre and Davos even if it drifted from the books because it was clearly motivated by the budget and time constraints. However, the scene in episode 3 was just terrible writing. Both Melisanre and Stannis looked and sounded like completely different characters.As an aside, why do people dislike Vanessa Taylor? I thought her Season 2 episodes were my favorites after Blackwater. Which episode did she do in Season 3? Her episodes are usually gruesome and feature the most out-of-character writing. I get the impression that she probably hasn't read the books. In her season 2 commentary when talking about the scene where Sansa is nearly raped, she says that she can't believe "George went there". And... erm... he didn't.
2810	protar	2013-04-27	I think D&D have spend WAY more time personally with George, and have had WAY more feedback from him personally on their view of what the show means than every poster in this forum combined. So I'm slightly weary of the charge that they dont't 'understand the spirit' of his work. I think that maybe its the posters here who misunderstand the spirit of his work. It's human nature to assume that our interpretation of the world and the things in it is the correct one, and that other misinterpret it. You see the books in a certain way, and want to see them adapted in a certain way, and when that doesn't happen you view is that the people making the adaptations are 'misrepresenting' the spirit of them.As an example I certainly don't agree with your post above about D&D introducing the trope of the peasant who speaks down to nobility and gets away with it, nor do I think that the showrunners have done anything that goes against the spirit of the books.But...they have introduced that trope. She's called Talisa, you may have heard of her. She is a peasant (by westerosi standards), she backtalks a king without consequences, whilst wandering around a battlefield without consequences, and then Robb falls in love and marries her.Now in most cases we don't know Martin's views on specific tropes and such, and in those cases D+D know a lot more than we do. But this is something he has specifically talked about and has said he dislikes. In this case we know how Martin feels about that particular topic. Maybe Talisa has completely changed his mind and he now loves sassy peasant girls but I doubt it, I've seen him mention Talisa in interviews and he clearly sounds uncomfortable imo.So yeah, Talisa is one of those occasions where I feel safe in saying that D+D have misunderstood the books to a degree, because we know what Martin feels about the topic. He's told us.
2811	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	Talisa may be terrible, but I thought that the Jeyne Westerling thing was shit too. It stank of star-crossed lovers, and was pretty much a cliche.
Back on topic, Bryan Cogman seems like a genuinely awesome guy. He always has time for fans, and his peach story was absolutely hilarious. Since he genuinely follows the books the most, I wonder just how similar the Lord's Kiss scene will be. I'm hoping that the Jon Sno..oh.oohhhh part is cut.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 27 April 2013 - 06:34 AM.
2812	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-27	Talisa may be terrible, but I thought that the Jeyne Westerling thing was shit too. It stank of star-crossed lovers, and was pretty much a cliche. No, it wasn't. The Robb/Jeyne romance was very mundane. He was injured trying to conquer her lands, she treated him (encouraged by her mother, no doubt), they got to know each other, and then when his brothers died they had sex. If it was a cliche, it was at least a fairly realistic one, whilst the "peasant sasses the King" trope is definitely not realistic (which is why GRRM has condemned it in the past).
2813	wolverine	2013-04-27	I do think Stannis is pretty pathetic on the show so far, but I am not going to let that ruin my enjoyment of the show or make me despise D & D for murdering the books.
The show is great and I don't know how anyone could expect it to be the same as the books.  A lot of the changes that have been made have been very good decisions IMO.
It can be hard when you have a vision of how a certain character should look/behave, but get over it, or don't watch the show if you hate it that bad.
2814	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	I do think Stannis is pretty pathetic on the show so far, but I am not going to let that ruin my enjoyment of the show or make me despise D & D for murdering the books.Really? Apart from that one scene (which I didnt think made him look pathetic, just kind of desperate) in Episode 3, he's been pretty hardcore. He  wasn't pathetic in Season 2. He even stormed the walls and chopped the tops of peoples heads off at Blackwater. From what I've seen of the promo, Cogman's going to give him some of his fortitude back this episode as well.
2815	ebevan91	2013-04-27	Talisa may be terrible, but I thought that the Jeyne Westerling thing was shit too. It stank of star-crossed lovers, and was pretty much a cliche.Back on topic, Bryan Cogman seems like a genuinely awesome guy. He always has time for fans, and his peach story was absolutely hilarious. Since he genuinely follows the books the most, I wonder just how similar the Lord's Kiss scene will be. I'm hoping that the Jon Sno..oh.oohhhh part is cut.You don't want to hear her orgasming?
2816	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	You don't want to hear her orgasming?Orgasming is fine, just not while she's saying her catchphrase. Made it kind of cringeworthy for me.
2817	Syrio Foral	2013-04-27	guys, I remember when Lord of the Rings was made. There were several changes I did not enjoy like elves using littlefinger's teleporter device to helm's deep, unnecessary warg scene, Frodo sending Sam away, the green dead men blob killing at Minas Tirith, but I got over it because the general storyline was still in tact. I think David and Dan is doing a great job adapting ASOIAF. It's not perfect but its one of the better adaptation than the cancelled Sword of Truth adaption Legend of The Seeker.
2818	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	Such a shame that Legend of the Seeker was cancelled. Would have loved to have seen the scene where Richard massacres those harmless peace protesters /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2819	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	No, it wasn't. The Robb/Jeyne romance was very mundane. He was injured trying to conquer her lands, she treated him (encouraged by her mother, no doubt), they got to know each other, and then when his brothers died they had sex. If it was a cliche, it was at least a fairly realistic one, whilst the "peasant sasses the King" trope is definitely not realistic (which is why GRRM has condemned it in the past).Most cliches are fairly realistic. That's why they're cliche. Robb meeting what he perceives to be as a very intriguing and strong/beautiful woman is just as cliche and realistic. Talisa isn't a peasant. She's high born and is used to dealing with nobility. Sure she chose a peasant life, but to imagine her sassing a King she doesn't serve isn't that ridiculous. We had a peasant throw a pile of shit at a King's face in public.
2820	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-27	whilst the "peasant sasses the King" trope is definitely not realistic (which is why GRRM has condemned it in the past).1. I'm fairly sure this is eclipsed by their very un-cliched deaths. 2. Do you really think this hampers the vast majority of viewers enjoyment of the show whatsoever?
2821	protar	2013-04-27	Most cliches are fairly realistic. That's why they're cliche. Robb meeting what he perceives to be as a very intriguing and strong/beautiful woman is just as cliche and realistic. Talisa isn't a peasant. She's high born and is used to dealing with nobility. Sure she chose a peasant life, but to imagine her sassing a King she doesn't serve isn't that ridiculous. We had a peasant throw a pile of shit at a King's face in public.Talisa's former nobility is meaningless in Westeros.  She chose a peasants life there and were this the books would be treated like one in Westeros. It's not a matter of her being used to speaking to nobility it's because no peasant would ever get away with what she did. Robb would probably let it fly (though he would certainly not take very kindly to it.) but Bolton would likely see that she lost her tongue. Even if she managed to come away from the exchange with the ability to speak intact there's no way she'd ever be let into Robb's tents by the guards.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 27 April 2013 - 02:19 PM.
2822	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	Talisa's former nobility is meaningless in Westeros.  She chose a peasants life there and will where this the books would be treated like one in Westeros. It's not a matter of her being used to speaking to nobility it's because no peasant would ever get away with what she did. Robb would probably let it fly but Bolton would likely see that she lost her tongue. Even if she managed to come away from the exchange with the ability to speak intact there's no way she'd ever be let into Robb's tents by the guards.Her former nobility is not meaningless because she is used to being a noble woman. Meaning she's used to addressing lords and ladies, unlike a peasant who was born a peasant and looks up to lords with reverence  Robb even calls her out on being high born and not a peasant, so obviously it's important to him. The fact that she is not like other woman is likely why Robb falls in love with her. That's not really unrealistic, that he would fall in love with a woman that challenges him. Jon snow is impudent toward Mance, who by all rights should have had him killed as soon as he gave them any relevant information, but he doesn't because his impudence was actually quite moving for Mance. And Roose is too smart to flay a woman with whom the King was speaking to directly in fear that Robb would disapprove. He doesn't even flay prisoners of war without Robb's approval. The unrealistic part is that she managed to survive in her profession before meeting Robb. But plenty of unrealistic shit happens in stories all the time. Otherwise they would be terribly boring stories. You write stories about exception, not the mundane. The fact that you like a story about a 10 year old girl surviving on her own through a war torn ravaged country and becoming a master ninja yet you take great offense to a woman being let into the tent of a King that she had previously spoken to is funny. Is it unrealistic? Yes. Is it that big of a deal, given the scope of the story? No.
2823	Syrio Foral	2013-04-27	Her former nobility is not meaningless because she is used to being a noble woman. Meaning she's used to addressing lords and ladies, unlike a peasant who was born a peasant and looks up to lords with reverence  Robb even calls her out on being high born and not a peasant, so obviously it's important to him. The fact that she is not like other woman is likely why Robb falls in love with her. That's not really unrealistic, that he would fall in love with a woman that challenges him. Jon snow is impudent toward Mance, who by all rights should have had him killed as soon as he gave them any relevant information, but he doesn't because his impudence was actually quite moving for Mance. And Roose is too smart to flay a woman with whom the King was speaking to directly in fear that Robb would disapprove. He doesn't even flay prisoners of war without Robb's approval.The unrealistic part is that she managed to survive in her profession before meeting Robb. But plenty of unrealistic shit happens in stories all the time. Otherwise they would be terribly boring stories. You write stories about exception, not the mundane. The fact that you like a story about a 10 year old girl surviving on her own through a war torn ravaged country and becoming a master ninja yet you take great offense to a woman being let into the tent of a King that she had previously spoken to is funny. Is it unrealistic? Yes. Is it that big of a deal, given the scope of the story? No. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2824	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-27	Most cliches are fairly realistic. That's why they're cliche. Robb meeting what he perceives to be as a very intriguing and strong/beautiful woman is just as cliche and realistic. Talisa isn't a peasant. She's high born and is used to dealing with nobility. Sure she chose a peasant life, but to imagine her sassing a King she doesn't serve isn't that ridiculous. We had a peasant throw a pile of shit at a King's face in public. A peasant (which is what Talisa is) sassing the King without any repurcussions is unrealistic. It's as simple as that.The fact that Robb looked across the battlefield and immediately wanted to talk to her was also unrealistic and pretty embarassing. I always cringe during their scenes together, but their first scene is especially awful.1. I'm fairly sure this is eclipsed by their very un-cliched deaths.2. Do you really think this hampers the vast majority of viewers enjoyment of the show whatsoever? Not at all. A cliche doesn't stop being cliche simply because something else happens later in the story. Anyway, their deaths will probably be turned into a ~tragic lovers~ affair.I know that one poster here started reading the books after she saw the first Robb/Talisa scene, because it felt completely out of place. I imagine it doesn't affect the enjoyment of the majority of viewers though... simply because there are too many plot-threads to keep track of in the first place.
2825	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	A peasant (which is what Talisa is) sassing the King without any repurcussions is unrealistic. It's as simple as that.The fact that Robb looked across the battlefield and immediately wanted to talk to her was also unrealistic and pretty embarassing. I always cringe during their scenes together, but their first scene is especially awful.Oh, I agree, it's unrealistic. Does something being unrealistic disqualify it from being possible, or being good for a story? I said this in another thread. Talisa surviving is no less realistic than 10 year old Arya surviving. But nobody calls that out because your argument is not about the merits of storytelling, but rather that you're displeased that an adaptation chose to change facts from the source material.
2826	protar	2013-04-27	Her former nobility is not meaningless because she is used to being a noble woman. Meaning she's used to addressing lords and ladies, unlike a peasant who was born a peasant and looks up to lords with reverence  Robb even calls her out on being high born and not a peasant, so obviously it's important to him. The fact that she is not like other woman is likely why Robb falls in love with her. That's not really unrealistic, that he would fall in love with a woman that challenges him. Jon snow is impudent toward Mance, who by all rights should have had him killed as soon as he gave them any relevant information, but he doesn't because his impudence was actually quite moving for Mance. And Roose is too smart to flay a woman with whom the King was speaking to directly in fear that Robb would disapprove. He doesn't even flay prisoners of war without Robb's approval.The unrealistic part is that she managed to survive in her profession before meeting Robb. But plenty of unrealistic shit happens in stories all the time. Otherwise they would be terribly boring stories. You write stories about exception, not the mundane. The fact that you like a story about a 10 year old girl surviving on her own through a war torn ravaged country and becoming a master ninja yet you take great offense to a woman being let into the tent of a King that she had previously spoken to is funny. Is it unrealistic? Yes. Is it that big of a deal, given the scope of the story? No.Again, yes her former nobility is meaningless. The fact that she's used to dealing with nobility (not even Westerosi nobility) is meaningless. The bottom line is that she would not get away with that. At best she'd be ignored.I'm glad you bought up Arya. Is her situation entirely realistic? Of course not. But it is grounded in realism. Arya is seriously messed up after all of her ordeals and is currently working for an evil cult. Not your typical tomboy princess. The implications of Talisa wandering around the battlefield without any consequences being explored in any way is just plain unrealistic and D+D don't even try to ground it.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 27 April 2013 - 03:26 PM.
2827	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-27	Oh, I agree, it's unrealistic. Does something being unrealistic disqualify it from being possible, or being good for a story? I said this in another thread. Talisa surviving is no less realistic than 10 year old Arya surviving. But nobody calls that out because your argument is not about the merits of storytelling, but rather that you're displeased that an adaptation chose to change facts from the source material. Nope, I'm displeased that the Robb/Talisa scenes are embarassing and cringeworthy.What is unrealistic about Arya surviving through the war? She survives through Harrenhal because she submits and has Jaqen's "gift"; she survives after that because  she is taken as a hostage by the Brotherhood without Banners, and then the Hound; she survives after that because she joins the Faceless Men.I don't understand the problem here. Children have survived wars for as long as wars have been fought, and they will continue to survive through wars for as long as wars continue to take place.
2828	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	What is unrealistic about Arya surviving through the war? She survives through Harrenhal because she submits and has Jaqen's "gift"; she survives after that because  she is taken as a hostage by the Brotherhood without Banners, and then the Hound; she survives after that because she joins the Faceless Men.I don't understand the problem here. Children have survived wars for as long as wars have been fought, and they will continue to survive through wars for as long as wars continue to take place.Well, the part in aCoK where the keep where the Nightwatchmen are hiding out is assaulted, was fairly unrealistic. I find it incredibly hard to believe that Arya suddenly gained the kind of fighting ability she displayed during that part. Other than that, your right in that she got incredibly lucky in her sequence of guardians. Which in itself could be considered unrealistic, but whatever, its entertaining.
2829	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	Nope, I'm displeased that the Robb/Talisa scenes are embarassing and cringeworthy.What is unrealistic about Arya surviving through the war? She survives through Harrenhal because she submits and has Jaqen's "gift"; she survives after that because  she is taken as a hostage by the Brotherhood without Banners, and then the Hound; she survives after that because she joins the Faceless Men.I don't understand the problem here. Children have survived wars for as long as wars have been fought, and they will continue to survive through wars for as long as wars continue to take place.It's unrealistic that Arya would survive roaming through conflicted lands with Gendry and Hot Pie. It's extremely lucky. It's entirely unrealistic that she was able to survive the assault on the little keep by the Gold Cloaks. It's also super lucky that there's like a billion meetings at the Crossroads Inn that so conveniently push forward the plot. Is it unrealistic? Yes. is it possible? Yes. That's my point. At some point you have to suspend belief for exceptional events for the sake of plot. You're willing to do that in the books, but not so in the TV show.
2830	King Tommen	2013-04-27	We're talking about the initial Robb/Talisa meet scene from an episode a season and a half ago.  It wasn't done especially well but it served it's purpose as far as getting Robb to take interest enough to eventually fall in love with a girl he had never met before.  If we take away that scene and all of it's "sassiness" (which has been extremely overblown, the nurse was in the middle of a on-field amputation and got a little snappy with people she shouldn't have, excuse her for not observing all the social niceities in the moment), then I don't think the character has been that egregious a deviation.  She's been extremely dutiful and appropriately deferential in all situations since then.  She and Robb clearly enjoy each other's company and everyone around Robb begrudgingly accepts her as his wife now that they're married.
We can agree that she wasn't introduced in the best way.  Now it's time to move on.  She's fine doing what she's doing.  There's no need to continually harp on this over and over a season and a half later.
2831	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	Again, yes her former nobility is meaningless. The fact that she's used to dealing with nobility (not even Westerosi nobility) is meaningless. The bottom line is that she would not get away with that. At best she'd be ignored.I'm glad you bought up Arya. Is her situation entirely realistic? Of course not. But it is grounded in realism. Arya is seriously messed up after all of her ordeals and is currently working for an evil cult. Not your typical tomboy princess. The implications of Talisa wandering around the battlefield without any consequences being explored in any way is just plain unrealistic and D+D don't even try to ground it.It's important because she doesn't view nobility as peasants do. Hence why she is sassy toward Robb. For the record I dislike the Talisa story, but not because it's unrealistic. What I'm saying is if you don't like unrealistic things then I don't think you should chastise the show writers exclusively since plenty of conveniently unrealsitic things happen in the books for the sake of a story. As to why it was changed to begin with - I feel like they had good intentions to improve the plot for the sake of giving Robb more screen time, but it wasn't executed well and initially was acted a little awkwardly.
2832	protar	2013-04-27	It's important because she doesn't view nobility as peasants do. Hence why she is sassy toward Robb.For the record I dislike the Talisa story, but not because it's unrealistic. What I'm saying is if you don't like unrealistic things then I don't think you should chastise the show writers exclusively since plenty of conveniently unrealsitic things happen in the books for the sake of a story. As to why it was changed to begin with - I feel like they had good intentions to improve the plot for the sake of giving Robb more screen time, but it wasn't executed well and initially was acted a little awkwardly.Again, that explains Talisa's reaction but it does not explain how she got away with it.I do not dislike unrealistic events, I dislike events which are not consistent with the established realism of the series. ASOIAF, and GOT both portray events realistically and even when events are unrealistic they're grounded and deconstructed. Talisa is a glaring exception which is (one reason) why I dislike her.
2833	eetrebor	2013-04-27	We're talking about the initial Robb/Talisa meet scene from an episode a season and a half ago.  It wasn't done especially well but it served it's purpose as far as getting Robb to take interest enough to eventually fall in love with a girl he had never met before.  If we take away that scene and all of it's "sassiness" (which has been extremely overblown, the nurse was in the middle of a on-field amputation and got a little snappy with people she shouldn't have, excuse her for not observing all the social niceities in the moment), then I don't think the character has been that egregious a deviation.  She's been extremely dutiful and appropriately deferential in all situations since then.  She and Robb clearly enjoy each other's company and everyone around Robb begrudgingly accepts her as his wife now that they're married.We can agree that she wasn't introduced in the best way.  Now it's time to move on.  She's fine doing what she's doing.  There's no need to continually harp on this over and over a season and a half later.This!
2834	Syrio Foral	2013-04-27	Again, that explains Talisa's reaction but it does not explain how she got away with it.I do not dislike unrealistic events, I dislike events which are not consistent with the established realism of the series. ASOIAF, and GOT both portray events realistically and even when events are unrealistic they're grounded and deconstructed. Talisa is a glaring exception which is (one reason) why I dislike her.Dude, some parts of realistic, but this is a fantasy series. Lady Stoneheart is not real. Dragons are not real. Shadowbabies are not real.
2835	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	I do not dislike unrealistic events, I dislike events which are not consistent with the established realism of the series. ASOIAF, and GOT both portray events realistically and even when events are unrealistic they're grounded and deconstructed. Talisa is a glaring exception which is (one reason) why I dislike her.Fair enough. I will not argue that it's inconsistent to some degree, although, to me, show Westeros seems a bit less unforgiving than it does in the books. I just felt there were also some relatively inconsistent things that happened in the books, but I just want people to judge both mediums fairly if they're going to compare the two /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Dude, some parts of realistic, but this is a fantasy series. Lady Stoneheart is not real. Dragons are not real. Shadowbabies are not real.That's not really fair. Dragons and magic are set precedents that the show and books work within. His argument is that the precedents set within this imagined world are not being held to a standard in which the characters are able to interact within the world realistically. My argument about Arya was that within Westeros, she's beyond lucky to survive, and thus it's not that unrealistic that Talisa could manage it either. Realism within aSoIaF is different from the reality of our world.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 27 April 2013 - 04:38 PM.
2836	protar	2013-04-27	Dude, some parts of realistic, but this is a fantasy series. Lady Stoneheart is not real. Dragons are not real. Shadowbabies are not real.Did you read my post? I dislike it only when events go against the established realism of the series. This series always grounds things, even the magic. For example magic consistently has a cost in this series. Cat loses her sanity and her soul after being resurrected, dragons need Khal Drogo's sacrifice to wake them and the shadow babies are draining Stannis' life-force. And likewise peasants in this series are consistently brutalised, ignored by nobility and trampled under foot. Talisa is not consistent with this.
2837	Syrio Foral	2013-04-27	Did you read my post? I dislike it only when events go against the established realism of the series. This series always grounds things, even the magic. For example magic consistently has a cost in this series. Cat loses her sanity and her soul after being resurrected, dragons need Khal Drogo's sacrifice to wake them and the shadow babies are draining Stannis' life-force. And likewise peasants in this series are consistently brutalised, ignored by nobility and trampled under foot. Talisa is not consistent with this.Okay, you may have a point, but other fantasy works have peasants marrying royal people all the time. For example, this poor peasant girl Cinderella married a prince despite of her step family. It might not be realistic in this type of work, (though that can be argued) but it has worked in others.
2838	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	Was there a sacrifice of sorts or payment for dragons initially being in existence? I agree that the whole only death pays for life and magic has its due thing, but before they dragons were all killed, I wonder if there was some sort of correlating payment for them existing. Or did they simply exist and then to animate them a price needed to be paid? This is grossly off-topic so I'll just add that this episode has the makings to be even better than the last. I think Cogman is superb.
2839	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	We're talking about the initial Robb/Talisa meet scene from an episode a season and a half ago.  It wasn't done especially well but it served it's purpose as far as getting Robb to take interest enough to eventually fall in love with a girl he had never met before.  If we take away that scene and all of it's "sassiness" (which has been extremely overblown, the nurse was in the middle of a on-field amputation and got a little snappy with people she shouldn't have, excuse her for not observing all the social niceities in the moment), then I don't think the character has been that egregious a deviation.  She's been extremely dutiful and appropriately deferential in all situations since then.  She and Robb clearly enjoy each other's company and everyone around Robb begrudgingly accepts her as his wife now that they're married.We can agree that she wasn't introduced in the best way.  Now it's time to move on.  She's fine doing what she's doing.  There's no need to continually harp on this over and over a season and a half later.I agree, mostly.I saw S2 before reading the books and honestly prefer Talisa & Robb to Jeyne & Robb. Talisa actually has a personality, and although there wasn't a heap of time to establish their relationship, you can see why these two characters might have an interest in the other. The whole "marry her to save her honour" thing was never going to work on the show.
2840	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	Okay, you may have a point, but other fantasy works have peasants marrying royal people all the time. For example, this poor peasant girl Cinderella married a prince despite of her step family. It might not be realistic in this type of work, (though that can be argued) but it has worked in others.This is funny. You still don't get his point, but yet what you said is pretty much what he means. His problem is not that Talisa isn't realistic with EVERY story. His problem is that Talisa is NOT realistic with THIS story. Talisa doesn't fit and is unrealistic in the world of both GoT and ASoIaF. She would fit perfectly fine in a Cinderella story, or a Sleeping Beauty kind of thing, where a noble lady becomes a peasant and then the prince falls in love with her regardless of her sasiness and apparent social status. If this was a Cinderella story or a fairy tale nobody would have any problems with her, but GoT has already shown that it is NEITHER a Cinderella story NOR a fairy tale. Talisa breaks and doesn't follow the rules and reality that GoT has already stablished. For me is like if GoT was a puzzle that you are assembling, and then you put Talisa (who is a piece of ANOTHER puzzle) in it. It is a normal piece, and there's nothing wrong with it, but it just DOESN'T FIT and DOESN'T BELONG in THIS puzzle, it belongs and fits in ANOTHER puzzle.
2841	protar	2013-04-28	This is funny. You still don't get his point, but yet what you said is pretty much what he means. His problem is not that Talisa isn't realistic with EVERY story. His problem is that Talisa is NOT realistic with THIS story. Talisa doesn't fit and is unrealistic in the world of both GoT and ASoIaF. She would fit perfectly fine in a Cinderella story, or a Sleeping Beauty kind of thing, where a noble lady becomes a peasant and then the prince falls in love with her regardless of her sasiness and apparent social status. If this was a Cinderella story or a fairy tale nobody would have any problems with her, but GoT has already shown that it is NEITHER a Cinderella story NOR a fairy tale. Talisa breaks and doesn't follow the rules and reality that GoT has already stablished. For me is like if GoT was a puzzle that you are assembling, and then you put Talisa (who is a piece of ANOTHER puzzle) in it. It is a normal piece, and there's nothing wrong with it, but it just DOESN'T FIT and DOESN'T BELONG in THIS puzzle, it belongs and fits in ANOTHER puzzle.Thank you, couldn't have put it any better.
2842	King Lobster	2013-04-28	Two new picture from Episode 5 (Selyse Florent)http://24.media.tumb...xciqbo1_500.jpghttp://24.media.tumb...ciqbo1_1280.jpg /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />
					
					
							Edited by King Lobster, 28 April 2013 - 05:39 AM.
2843	Chuck88	2013-04-28	Two new picture from Episode 5 (Selyse Florent)http://24.media.tumb...xciqbo1_500.jpghttp://24.media.tumb...ciqbo1_1280.jpg /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />Saw those myself. What the-?
					
					
							Edited by Chuck88, 28 April 2013 - 05:50 AM.
2844	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	Two new picture from Episode 5 (Selyse Florent)http://24.media.tumb...xciqbo1_500.jpghttp://24.media.tumb...ciqbo1_1280.jpg /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />This doesnt actually look like GoT at all, more like a science fiction thing. You sure this from the episode?
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 28 April 2013 - 05:51 AM.
2845	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	This doesnt actually look like GoT at all, more like a science fiction thing. You sure this from the episode?I hope not. WTF??!! are those?  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />.............. I really hope the show doesn't go that way. I hope you're right and is just some other sci-fi.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 28 April 2013 - 06:10 AM.
2846	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I hope not. WTF??!! are those?  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />.............. I really hope the show doesn't go that way.I suppose its her stillborn children, if it indeed is GoT
2847	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	I suppose its her stillborn children, if it indeed is GoTYeah that's what it looks like, but It's still very creepy, weird, disgusting and WTF if truth be told.
2848	Loras	2013-04-28	Wow.  Those pictures are... unexpected.  
I actually quite like it though.  I hope that they use this to try and make Selyse seem sympathetic rather than batshit crazy!
2849	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	I'm literally so done with this show. I just... Wow. That's some fucked up shit.
(Not in a good way.)
2850	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	Wow.  Those pictures are... unexpected.  I actually quite like it though.  I hope that they use this to try and make Selyse seem sympathetic rather than batshit crazy!And how exactly, pray excuse, would this make her more sympathetic?
2851	Associate Maester	2013-04-28	Oh dear God. What have they done to Selyse based on those images? In the series she isn't nice...but she isn't insane either. I hate to judge based on pictures...but oh lord. Don't like this at all.
2852	Sun	2013-04-28	Two new picture from Episode 5 (Selyse Florent)http://24.media.tumb...xciqbo1_500.jpghttp://24.media.tumb...ciqbo1_1280.jpg /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />Oh hey there Tara!! So we're gonna have a backstory of all the children she lost, and evidence (babies in jars, omg) that she is batshit. Tara can play subtle insanity like an honors graduate of Bedlam. I'm sure she's gonna be great. This doesnt actually look like GoT at all, more like a science fiction thing. You sure this from the episode?It looks very much like GOT to me.
2853	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	And how exactly, pray excuse, would this make her more sympathetic?She'll look like an even crazier version of Lysa. Ugh.I know I've criticised changes in the past, but this is just at a completely different level. I was really excited about this episode, but now I'm absolutely dreading it.
2854	protar	2013-04-28	Uuuugh! Whhhhy! This is like wizard-in-a-box times a 1000. What on earth would possess D+D to do that? It's just gratuitously gross and weird, completely unnecessary. I think the fact that people are arguing whether those pictures are actually game of thrones demonstrates just how ridiculous this is.
2855	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	Actually, desite my initial dismay, this could be potentially interesting. It's very creepy, and immediately says a lot about Selyse's character. Definitely makes her more memorable than her mustache.
2856	Loras	2013-04-28	And how exactly, pray excuse, would this make her more sympathetic?I am not saying it will make her look sympathetic - just that I hope it does.  Maybe she will explain that all she ever wanted was to give Stannis a son.  I am assuming that this will be in a scene with Stannis (because there is no Mel and Davos is in his cell).  It could make her look really desperate.Oh hey there Tara!! So we're gonna have a backstory of all the children she lost, and evidence (babies in jars, omg) that she is batshit. Tara can play subtle insanity like an honors graduate of Bedlam. I'm sure she's gonna be great.It looks very much like GOT to me.I do wonder if they have amped Selyse up because Tara is playing her?  Almost like Dormer and Margaery?
2857	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	Wait, are we sure that this is from the show?
2858	Sun	2013-04-28	Spoilers ahead, proceed with caution.
	Spoiler  We have Jaime's & Brienne's bath scene tonight (yay), it seems. I expected it next week. http://i.imgur.com/lZDd8wd.jpg   http://i.imgur.com/4HORT3T.jpg 
Edited to add another pic.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 28 April 2013 - 06:44 AM.
2859	Loras	2013-04-28	Wait, are we sure that this is from the show?I am positive.  Look at the set design and costuming.
2860	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	Spoilers ahead, proceed with caution.
	Spoiler  We have Jaime's & Brienne's bath scene tonight (yay), it seems. I expected it next week. http://i.imgur.com/lZDd8wd.jpg 

	Spoiler Hopefully naked Jaime will cause people to finally shut up about the nudity in that Podrick scene. But why are they so keen on getting through Jaime's redemption arc as quickly as possible?
I am positive.  Look at the set design and costuming.Oh dear god. Well, this is extremely disappointing and confusing, but I'll withhold my judgment for now. We'll see how it plays out.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 28 April 2013 - 06:44 AM.
2861	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	Actually, desite my initial dismay, this could be potentially interesting. It's very creepy, and immediately says a lot about Selyse's character. Definitely makes her more memorable than her mustache. I disliked the presentation of Selyse in the books and I was hoping that D&D would provide a more nuanced portrayal of her (somewhat similar to what they did with Cersei and Robert in season one). But instead they've just adopted the "mad woman in the attic" trope. UGH.
2862	protar	2013-04-28	Actually, desite my initial dismay, this could be potentially interesting. It's very creepy, and immediately says a lot about Selyse's character. Definitely makes her more memorable than her mustache.I sincerely hope it's not an ongoing thing though. I mean I  actually felt a bit queasy after looking at those pictures, and I have a pretty high disgust threshold. If they're going for creepy they've obviously succeeded, but again this is just D+D trying to be creative like with Wizard-in-a-box or the rock version of Bear and the Maiden Fair. They're just little things but all these dashes of D+D's "genius" are probably draining quite a bit of resources from the show. How much do suspended ballistics gel (or whatever they're made of) baby props cost that could have been spent elsewhere?
					
					
							Edited by protar, 28 April 2013 - 06:45 AM.
2863	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I'm literally so done with this show. I just... Wow. That's some fucked up shit.(Not in a good way.)No offense meant, but it probably is better if you are done with the show. If this is your reaction to two photos. For your own good.
2864	Loras	2013-04-28	Spoilers ahead, proceed with caution.
	Spoiler  We have Jaime's & Brienne's bath scene tonight (yay), it seems. I expected it next week. http://i.imgur.com/lZDd8wd.jpg 

	Spoiler NCW's bum.  Bonus.  Also... this episode could hold the title for most naked cast members to date (discounting the whores).
2865	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	Wait a second. What if they're going to use the abused, neglected housewife route with Selyse, and make us sympathise with her rather than Stannis? I really, really hope this isn't the case. Benioff and Weiss have misunderstood the character, but to make Stannis look like the bad guy in all of this is a step too far.
2866	Sun	2013-04-28	I do wonder if they have amped Selyse up because Tara is playing her?  Almost like Dormer and Margaery?Possibly, or perhaps they hired Tara because their Selyse is mad. Anyway, as soon as I saw Tara was cast, I knew they were going to complicate Selyse.
2867	protar	2013-04-28	Possibly, or perhaps they hired Tara because their Selyse is mad. Anyway, as soon as I saw Tara was cast, I knew they were going to complicate Selyse.They're hardly amping her up though if she doesn't appear until half way through the season. And I do worry about where Stannis will play into all this. Gaah, why can't D+D just behave! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by protar, 28 April 2013 - 06:49 AM.
2868	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I sincerely hope it's not an ongoing thing though. I mean I  actually felt a bit queasy after looking at those pictures, and I have a pretty high disgust threshold. If they're going for creepy they've obviously succeeded, but again this is just D+D trying to be creative like with Wizard-in-a-box or the rock version of Bear and the Maiden Fair. They're just little things but all these dashes of D+D's "genius" are probably draining quite a bit of resources from the show. How much do suspended ballistics gel (or whatever they're made of) baby props cost that could have been spent elsewhere?I cant imagine it's that expensive, though I cant pretend to know the specifics. I think it could be interesting, that's all I know. When you have an actress of Tara's caliber, it's a good idea to give her more to work with. I wonder where they'll go with this, since she is a very minor character in the books.
2869	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	No offense meant, but it probably is better if you are done with the show. If this is your reaction to two photos. For your own good. Oho, I certainly did not mean I am done watching the show. No. I mean I am done SUPPORTING the show (and, no matter what anyone thinks about my pessimism, I HAVE been supporting the show). Wait a second. What if they're going to use the abused, neglected housewife route with Selyse, and make us sympathise with her rather than Stannis? I really, really hope this isn't the case. Benioff and Weiss have misunderstood the character, but to make Stannis look like the bad guy in all of this is a step too far. Selyse was supposed to be more sympathetic than Stannis in the books too. Both are stuck in an unhappy marriage, but Stannis has all the power and can cheat on her with Melisandre.
2870	Loras	2013-04-28	Wait a second. What if they're going to use the abused, neglected housewife route with Selyse, and make us sympathise with her rather than Stannis? I really, really hope this isn't the case. Benioff and Weiss have misunderstood the character, but to make Stannis look like the bad guy in all of this is a step too far.I wouldn't worry too much about that.  They have to try and make the audience sympathise with Stannis before...
	Spoiler Stannis tries to burn Gendry
There is certainly an element of the Miss Havisham about Selyse in these pictures.
					
					
							Edited by Loras, 28 April 2013 - 06:50 AM.
2871	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	Wait a second. What if they're going to use the abused, neglected housewife route with Selyse, and make us sympathise with her rather than Stannis? I really, really hope this isn't the case. Benioff and Weiss have misunderstood the character, but to make Stannis look like the bad guy in all of this is a step too far.Didnt you ever feel bad for Selyse in the books though? She pretty much is neglected in the books, though I suppose there going to amplify it in this case.
2872	Sun	2013-04-28	They're hardly amping her up though if she doesn't appear until half way through the season. And I do worry about where Stannis will play into all this. Gaah, why can't D+D just behave! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />They hired Tara with a vision to coming seasons. IF Tara is as good in GOT as she usually is, she will be stealing every scene she's in.
2873	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	There is certainly an element of the Miss Havisham about Selyse in these pictures.She looks more like the first Mrs Rochester than Miss Havisham...
2874	protar	2013-04-28	I cant imagine it's that expensive, though I cant pretend to know the specifics. I think it could be interesting, that's all I know. When you have an actress of Tara's caliber, it's a good idea to give her more to work with. I wonder where they'll go with this, since she is a very minor character in the books.Again, they're little things but when you're creating dead baby props, hiring a rock band, someone to play a sorcerer, hiring 3 or 4 extra prostitutes including a contortionist etc. etc. well I can see that adding up to not a huge amount, but definitely an amount that could be spent elsewhere. And we're only half way through the season. Also if Selyse is such a minor character, than they shouldn't have hired a big actress to play her. I have no doubt that they wanted to expand Selyse and then cast Tara, the other way around makes little sense.
2875	Loras	2013-04-28	They're hardly amping her up though if she doesn't appear until half way through the season. And I do worry about where Stannis will play into all this. Gaah, why can't D+D just behave! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Dormer only appeared in 4 episodes of S2.  I would not be surprised to see "Tara Fitzgerald" in the opening credits tomorrow night.
					
					
							Edited by Loras, 28 April 2013 - 06:54 AM.
2876	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	Oho, I certainly did not mean I am done watching the show. No. I mean I am done SUPPORTING the show (and, no matter what anyone thinks about my pessimism, I HAVE been supporting the show).My my, if before you were supporting the show, what will your hate look like?Don't you think this is kind of an overreaction? They've changed an extremely minor character, its hardly earthshaking. I could understand if the photo showed Dany feasting on the flesh of her enemies, but this is incredibly insignificant.
2877	protar	2013-04-28	Dormer only appeared in 4 episodes of S2.  I would not be surprised to see "Tara Fitzgerald" in the opening credits tomorrow night.Margaery becomes very significant later on though, becoming the main antagonist towards Cersei (which I guess makes her a protagonist of sorts /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) in KL. Even after Jon becomes LC and Stannis leaves the Wall again, Selyse never breaks out of the role of tertiary character. I'll admit I haven't seen Tara in anything, I just get the impression she's sort of big in television on account of Walking Dead.
2878	protar	2013-04-28	My my, if before you were supporting the show, what will your hate look like?Don't you think this is kind of an overreaction? They've changed an extremely minor character, its hardly earthshaking. I could understand if the photo showed Dany feasting on the flesh of her enemies, but this is incredibly insignificant.I think it's more the fact that it's so unnecessarily shocking, and could be indicative of the show going in a bad direction that might turn viewers off.
2879	Sun	2013-04-28	How about we all wait till we see the episode before we start slagging it off, guys. I'm all for bitching about D&D's writing, but I'd rather know exactly what I'm bitching about first. 
Anyway, I'm excited to see Tara.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 28 April 2013 - 06:59 AM.
2880	protar	2013-04-28	How about we all wait till we see the episode before we start slagging it off, guys. I'm all for bitching about D&D's writing, but I'd rather know exactly what I'm bitching about first.Anyway, I'm excited to see Tara.Even without seeing the episode there really isn't any spin on those photos that aren't going to be gratuitously disgusting short of "they decided to cut the dead baby scene." I don't think the reaction is premature.
2881	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	Two new picture from Episode 5 (Selyse Florent)http://24.media.tumb...xciqbo1_500.jpghttp://24.media.tumb...ciqbo1_1280.jpg /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />Outrage! Boycott! D&D out!
2882	ShigellaSand	2013-04-28	Yay for bath scene! I hope they give it depth, and don't make it too anvilicious and one-note.
Not sure about Selyse. Will have to wait and see how it plays out. I will say that one of those babies looks too big to be a stillbirth. It looks a few months old to me. That would make it even more disturbing...
2883	Loras	2013-04-28	Even without seeing the episode there really isn't any spin on those photos that aren't going to be gratuitously disgusting short of "they decided to cut the dead baby scene." I don't think the reaction is premature.I agree.  I can already imagine the backlash that this scene is going to get from the purists.  No matter how good Tara Fitzgerald or Stephen Dillane are.
2884	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	My my, if before you were supporting the show, what will your hate look like?Don't you think this is kind of an overreaction? They've changed an extremely minor character, its hardly earthshaking. I could understand if the photo showed Dany feasting on the flesh of her enemies, but this is incredibly insignificant.It's part of a larger picture, though. The show is already incredibly misogynistic in a way that the books never were ("You sound like a bloody woman", Asha using the word "cunt" despite noting in the books that the use of it as an insult was offensive, Arya's "Most girls are idiots", the reduction of Catelyn to "evil stepmother" and "mother" tropes, replacing Jeyne with the Strong Female Character Talisa, etc. etc.). This is just another change that adds to that.In the books, Selyse was not a nice person, and I've often criticised GRRM for portraying her as a walking joke. But at least she had a sort of personal strength within her in the form of pride. She was an interesting character and D&D had a lot of potential for a more nuanced version. But she's been reduced to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.How about we all wait till we see the episode before we start slagging it off, guys. I'm all for bitching about D7D's writing, but I'd rather know exactly what I'm bitching about first.Anyway, I'm excited to see Tara.She's staring at fetuses contained in jars. I don't think I need to wait.I was excited to see her too, because I was expecting a more nuanced portrayal of Selyse. Once again it appears that my expectations were too high. Why show a nuanced portrayal when they can make something that's "good for tv"!!! /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
2885	protar	2013-04-28	Also is anyone worried that they might actually be you know..alive? That would be too far but it was my first thought seeing the pictures. I dismissed it as ridiculous but then I remembered this is D+D.
2886	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	I am not saying it will make her look sympathetic - just that I hope it does.  Maybe she will explain that all she ever wanted was to give Stannis a son.  I am assuming that this will be in a scene with Stannis (because there is no Mel and Davos is in his cell).  It could make her look really desperate.I'm sorry, but I just don't see any way how this would make her look more sympathetic. I agree with PatrickStormborn, this would just make her look like a 1000 times crazier Lysa, and from what I've seen everybody hates Lysa. Didnt you ever feel bad for Selyse in the books though? She pretty much is neglected in the books, though I suppose there going to amplify it in this case.I did feel bad for her in the books, but this just takes it to a whole new level, and makes Stannis look even worse. This is just.. I just... I just have no words.....
2887	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	Selyse was supposed to be more sympathetic than Stannis in the books too. Both are stuck in an unhappy marriage, but Stannis has all the power and can cheat on her with Melisandre. But like Lysa, she was always presented in an extremely unsympathetic manner. Yes, we should sympathise with her, but that's not her main purpose. I've always thought she was more of a character to be laughed at than anything else
2888	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	It's part of a larger picture, though. The show is already incredibly misogynistic in a way that the books never were ("You sound like a bloody woman", Asha using the word "cunt" despite noting in the books that the use of it as an insult was offensive, Arya's "Most girls are idiots", the reduction of Catelyn to "evil stepmother" and "mother" tropes, replacing Jeyne with the Strong Female Character Talisa, etc. etc.). This is just another change that adds to that.In the books, Selyse was not a nice person, and I've often criticised GRRM for portraying her as a walking joke. But at least she had a sort of personal strength within her in the form of pride. She was an interesting character and D&D had a lot of potential for a more nuanced version. But she's been reduced to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.This is so ridiculous. Firstly, Brienne clearly has a lot of internal misogyny, secondly I praise GoT for using cunt, and having a woman saying it. As do many women I know. Just because you don't like it it doesn't make it misogynistic to use. That description of Catelyn is so unbelievably wrong I don't know where to begin with it. Replacing Jeyne with Talisa was a great move. What the actual fuck are you on about here.Selyse was an annoying character in the books, with little personality. She reminded me of Petunia from Harry Potter, if anything. That isn't a "walking joke" any more than Moon Boy or Patchface or Edmure or Tyrion or...fuck plenty of others who characters who are made fun in the books.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 28 April 2013 - 07:14 AM.
2889	Loras	2013-04-28	I'm sorry, but I just don't see any way how this would make her look more sympathetic. I agree with PatrickStormborn, this would just make her look like a 1000 times crazier Lysa, and from what I've seen everybody hates Lysa.The difference between Lysa and Selyse is that Lysa's child is alive.  I actually feel pity for Selyse after looking at those pictures.  Is it wrong to put your baby in a jar - probably.  But she has had a number of stillbirths.  I do wonder how D&D will portray the relationship between Selyse and Shireen.
2890	protar	2013-04-28	Selyse was an annoying character in the books, with little personality. She reminded me of Petunia from Harry Potter, if anything. That isn't a "walking joke" any more than Moon Boy or Patchface or Edmure or Tyrion or...fuck plenty of others who characters who are made fun in the books.The walking joke was her mustache, I personally never saw it as a big deal but I can see how people might be offended.
2891	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	It's part of a larger picture, though. The show is already incredibly misogynistic in a way that the books never were ("You sound like a bloody woman", Asha using the word "cunt" despite noting in the books that the use of it as an insult was offensive, Arya's "Most girls are idiots", the reduction of Catelyn to "evil stepmother" and "mother" tropes, replacing Jeyne with the Strong Female Character Talisa, etc. etc.). This is just another change that adds to that.In the books, Selyse was not a nice person, and I've often criticised GRRM for portraying her as a walking joke. But at least she had a sort of personal strength within her in the form of pride. She was an interesting character and D&D had a lot of potential for a more nuanced version. But she's been reduced to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.She's staring at fetuses contained in jars. I don't think I need to wait.I was excited to see her too, because I was expecting a more nuanced portrayal of Selyse. Once again it appears that my expectations were too high. Why show a nuanced portrayal when they can make something that's "good for tv"!!! /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Your description of Catelyn is just delusional.Brienne said that to motivate Jaime. If you take it completely out of context, as you are doing, then it could be taken as misogynistic. Why cant we have an insane woman? What is the issue here? Where is this so called misogyny?Why is it impossible that the performance will not be nuanced? The photos seem incredibly sorrowful.Your expectations were incredibly low because you hate the show. It's that simple. In fact, in almost every thread in this forum you criticize the show.
2892	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	But like Lysa, she was always presented in an extremely unsympathetic manner. Yes, we should sympathise with her, but that's not her main purpose. I've always thought she was more of a character to be laughed at than anything else She's only ever seen through POVs who don't like her, though.I do agree that GRRM presents her as a bit of a joke, which is why I was so hopeful for a nuanced portrayal from the show.This is so ridiculous. Firstly, Brienne clearly has a lot of internal misogyny, secondly I praise GoT for using cunt, and having a woman saying it. As do many women I know. Just because you don't like it it doesn't make it misogynistic to use. That description of Catelyn is so unbelievably wrong I don't know where to begin with it. Replacing Jeyne with Talisa was a great move. What the actual fuck are you on about here.No, Brienne does not have "a lot of internal misogyny". She shows nothing but respect towards women, not disdain.It was misogynistic, as Asha notes in ADwD: "Cunt again? It was odd how men <U+0080> used that word to demean women when it was the only part of a woman they valued."In the show, Catelyn is defined by her interaction with her children and Jon Snow.It was not a "great move". Talisa is a pseudo-feminist "Strong Female Character", and her presence in the show is actually insulting to the other female characters, as she can leave her oppressive past life with no repurcussions.Selyse was an annoying character in the books, with little personality. She reminded me of Petunia from Harry Potter, if anything. That isn't a "walking joke" any more than Moon Boy or Patchface or Edmure or Tyrion or...fuck plenty of others who characters who are made fun in the books.Well I'd argue that you should have a deeper reading of characters rather than acceping what is said at face value by the POV characters presenting them. Selyse is a deeply sympathetic character with a very intriguing personality, but she is only ever shown through the eyes of male POV characters who show disdain for her.
2893	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	The walking joke was her mustache, I personally never saw it as a big deal but I can see how people might be offended.She had a moustache? Never noticed that. I tend to read over physical descriptions.
2894	Sun	2013-04-28	LOL it's a good thing Cogman is not on twitter anymore. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 28 April 2013 - 07:24 AM.
2895	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	But like Lysa, she was always presented in an extremely unsympathetic manner. Yes, we should sympathise with her, but that's not her main purpose. I've always thought she was more of a character to be laughed at than anything elseShe was unsympathetic, but I didn't think she was a character to be laugh at. She has an unhappy marriage, a daughter with greyscale, she had many misscarriages, and is not exactly pretty. But even though she is still proud. She has a kind of strengh inside of her. Lysa and her both had many stillborn sons, but Selyse is not kind of crazy, like lysa. Selyse has not been lamenting and moaning about it for all these years, she is not in a tower with the babies in a jar. She was able to move on. The lamenting unwell mother is supposed be Theon's mother, not Selyse.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 28 April 2013 - 07:27 AM.
2896	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	Your description of Catelyn is just delusional.Brienne said that to motivate Jaime. If you take it completely out of context, as you are doing, then it could be taken as misogynistic.Why cant we have an insane woman? What is the issue here? Where is this so called misogyny?Why is it impossible that the performance will not be nuanced? The photos seem incredibly sorrowful.Your expectations were incredibly low because you hate the show. It's that simple. In fact, in almost every thread in this forum you criticize the show. It's not. Show!Cat is defined by her children, in a way that GRRM deliberately avoided in the books.It's misogynistic. Why does she need to insult women to motivate Jaime? Was "I never took you for a craven" not a powerful enough line?Reducing a complex character into the "mad woman in the attic" trope is what I find to be a fairly misogynistic portrayal.A nuanced mad woman in the attic is not what I was looking for.WTF are you even talking about here? My low expectations were not met. And seriously, I do not "hate the show" (although it's heading that way). But I criticise it because it constantly disappoints me. Not the other way around. (Protar will tell you himself that I defended D&D last season.)LOL it's a good thing Cogman is not on twitter anymore. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I wouldn't message him even if he was. I know he's not to blame for any of these changes.
2897	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	No, Brienne does not have "a lot of internal misogyny". She shows nothing but respect towards women, not disdain.It was misogynistic, as Asha notes in ADwD: "Cunt again? It was odd how men <U+0080> used that word to demean women when it was the only part of a woman they valued."In the show, Catelyn is defined by her interaction with her children and Jon Snow.It was not a "great move". Talisa is a pseudo-feminist "Strong Female Character", and her presence in the show is actually insulting to the other female characters, as she can leave her oppressive past life with no repurcussions.1. Yes. I agree that Brienne shows respect for women but I also think that she has a dislike or fear of femininity.2. I disagree.3. I disagree.4. Interesting point. I'll mull that one over.
2898	protar	2013-04-28	She had a moustache? Never noticed that. I tend to read over physical descriptions.You must have skipped over the dozen jokes about it as well. Especially the stuff Val says /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2899	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	1. Yes. I agree that Brienne shows respect for women but I also think that she has a dislike or fear of femininity.2. I disagree.3. I disagree.4. Interesting point. I'll mull that one over.I'm afraid you reached the wrong conclusion there. Brienne is a very feminine character personality-wise - almost like Sansa with a sword.Blindly disagreeing doesn't mean anything. The fact is that in the books Asha comments on the use of the word "cunt" as an insult, and in the show she actually uses it as insult herself.This one is more subjective, but it's impossible to deny that she is far more complex in the books than in the show.
2900	Conchobar	2013-04-28	I disliked the presentation of Selyse in the books and I was hoping that D&D would provide a more nuanced portrayal of her (somewhat similar to what they did with Cersei and Robert in season one). But instead they've just adopted the "mad woman in the attic" trope. UGH.No offence, but, stop whining like a little girl, you haven't even seen the episode...
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 28 April 2013 - 08:05 AM.
2901	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	I don't really want to delve into the Asha "cunt" discussion, but IMO, the use and context of the word "cunt" in the books was gender-specific, while its use and context in the show was not. I don't think Asha called Theon a "dumb cunt" to emasculate him, I saw it as just another traditional insult, like "dick", or "asshole" or "shithead". In the UK, the word "cunt", when used as an insult, is not really gender-specific, hence my interpretation.
2902	Conchobar	2013-04-28	. Replacing Jeyne with Talisa was a great move. What the actual fuck are you on about here.So you think Talisa was a good idea?
2903	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	It's not. Show!Cat is defined by her children, in a way that GRRM deliberately avoided in the books.It's misogynistic. Why does she need to insult women to motivate Jaime? Was "I never took you for a craven" not a powerful enough line?Reducing a complex character into the "mad woman in the attic" trope is what I find to be a fairly misogynistic portrayal.A nuanced mad woman in the attic is not what I was looking for.I wouldn't message him even if he was. I know he's not to blame for any of these changes.How is Catelyn in the books not defined by her children? She spends the entirety of the books worrying about her children, or trying to help Robb.Maybe because Jaime constantly uses woman and wench as an insult? She also did call him a coward.Selyse, a complex character? This is actually laughable. She's barely in the books, we know next to nothing about her, she is only a joke. Also, try to explain how it could ever be misogynistic to turn a woman who is made fun of her moustache into a woman who is overcome by grief at not being able to fill the role that society has forced on her?How can you tell that she is completely insane yet? Just because of that one photo? What exactly are you looking for?How on earth do you know Cogman didnt have anything to do with it? It's his episode, and he was in charge of putting together Stannis's storyline this season. The evidence is that it was Cogman's idea.
2904	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	I'm afraid you reached the wrong conclusion there. Brienne is a very feminine character personality-wise - almost like Sansa with a sword.Blindly disagreeing doesn't mean anything. The fact is that in the books Asha comments on the use of the word "cunt" as an insult, and in the show she actually uses it as insult herself.This one is more subjective, but it's impossible to deny that she is far more complex in the books than in the show.I think your problem here is that you expect the show to be able to show subtle intricacies that the books show. Brienne is very aggressive, that is a very masculine trait. Just because the show has not established a feminine side to her it doesn't mean they are simply misogynistic. There are lots of personality traits concerning lots of characters that have never been established. They never showed Tyrion's acrobatics or love of dragons, they never showed Jon's sensitivity and idolisation of...one Targaryen king whose name escapes me. They haven't yet showed Cersei's extreme paranoia, and so on. Yes, these are changes but the changes aren't necessarily misogynistic.I disagree on those points. I already made my case on them and I can't add any more. Again, just because they deviated from the books, it doesn't indicate misogyny.
2905	Calidad	2013-04-28	With respect, I do feel some people here overreact to any change whatsoever to the source material. D+D have tried a few things that have come off well, and a few things that haven't. They haven't butchered the material left, right and centre, but for the most part, remained faithful. They've really done such an excellent job, and have brought many new fans to the ASOIAF franchise (myself included). I love the books. I love the series. Just try enjoy it for what it is, and try to worry less about every perceived deviation, because some of you really give the impression that it is a painful chore to watch the show, which is a great shame.
2906	Loras	2013-04-28	Selyse, a complex character? This is actually laughable. She's barely in the books, we know next to nothing about her, she is only a joke. Also, try to explain how it could ever be misogynistic to turn a woman who is made fun of her moustache into a woman who is overcome by grief at not being able to fill the role that society has forced on her?How can you tell that she is completely insane yet? Just because of that one photo? What exactly are you looking for?How on earth do you know Cogman didnt have anything to do with it? It's his episode, and he was in charge of putting together Stannis's storyline this season. The evidence is that it was Cogman's idea.Excellent post.  I hope that you are spot on about Show!Selyse.
2907	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-28	So you think Talisa was a good idea?I think the change to the romance was beneficial, yeah. I saw the show before reading the books and thought the show did it better. I see where PS is coming from with regards to it insulting other women, though.
2908	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	1. Yes. I agree that Brienne shows respect for women but I also think that she has a dislike or fear of femininity.Dislike or fear of feminity? what? Brienne is very naive and inocent at the begining of the series. She is pretty much like Catelyn says a "summer knight". But that doesn't mean she is "feminine". I agree that she is not very "feminine". But I don't think she dislikes femininity. Brienne doesn't hate being a woman (like Cersei). She just wishes she was "normal" a normal man, or a normal pretty girl who can sing. She doesn't like being the "mix" that she is.
2909	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	Stop whining like a little girl, you haven't even seen the episode...I'm making a judgement based on stills. Unless they are not actually from the episode*, I cannot imagine that my opinion will change.Oh, and using gender-specific insults after I've criticised the show for the same thing is just laughable.(* They are from the episode - other stills have been released with the same quality.)How is Catelyn in the books not defined by her children? She spends the entirety of the books worrying about her children, or trying to help Robb.Maybe because Jaime constantly uses woman and wench as an insult? She also did call him a coward.Selyse, a complex character? This is actually laughable. She's barely in the books, we know next to nothing about her, she is only a joke. Also, try to explain how it could ever be misogynistic to turn a woman who is made fun of her moustache into a woman who is overcome by grief at not being able to fill the role that society has forced on her?How can you tell that she is completely insane yet? Just because of that one photo? What exactly are you looking for?How on earth do you know Cogman didnt have anything to do with it? It's his episode, and he was in charge of putting together Stannis's storyline this season. The evidence is that it was Cogman's idea.Maybe because GRRM himself has actually said he did not define her by her children? Catelyn in the books exists without her children. She loves them and they play a big part of her life, but her story exists beyond them (after all, she spends all but one chapter in ACoK away from all of her children).When has he used woman or wench as insults in the show? And why would being a woman offend him? In the books he has no problem imagining himself as a woman because he thinks he'd be like Cersei, and he sees no problem with that.She was complex, if you're capable of looking beyond what the POV characters think of her. They've turned her into the "mad woman in the attic" trope (research it if you must). Keeping dead babies in jars is NOT sympathetic; it's really messed up.She's keeping babies in jars. That is not sane. Bryan Cogman's role is to keep the show faithful to the books - like seriously, that's pretty much his job description. He's also said in interviews that changes are made by D&D. I'm sure he can suggest changes, but it seems unlikely that he would, and D&D could simply dismiss them anyway. The evidence therefore suggests that this was NOT Cogman's idea.With respect, I do feel some people here overreact to any change whatsoever to the source material. D+D have tried a few things that have come off well, and a few things that haven't. They haven't butchered the material left, right and centre, but for the most part, remained faithful. They've really done such an excellent job, and have brought many new fans to the ASOIAF franchise (myself included). I love the books. I love the series. Just try enjoy it for what it is, and try to worry less about every perceived deviation, because some of you really give the impression that it is a painful chore to watch the show, which is a great shame.With respect, if you had bothered to read my posts you would know that I WANTED them to change Selyse. But the problem is that they've changed her in what I consider to be a bad way.
2910	King Tommen	2013-04-28	I can't find the thread anymore but Elio (who has a deeper understanding of the characters within ASOIAF as well as insight from George that dwarfs any other poster here) addressed a couple of these complaints recently.
I don't want to paraphrase what he said and not get everything right since I can't quote him directly but suffice to say that he said that Brienne and Yara/Asha would definitely use the terms "sound like a woman" and "cunt" respectively in the context that they did on the show.  Go look for it.
2911	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	She was complex, if you're capable of looking beyond what the POV characters think of her. They've turned her into the "mad woman in the attic" trope (research it if you must). Keeping dead babies in jars is NOT sympathetic; it's really messed up.I think you're jumping the gun a bit when you're assessing an entire character based on two stills. It's like saying that Stannis was defined as a mere religious fanatic, if the only picture we saw of him before season 2 aired was him burning the seven gods. Give it time, and see how it plays out. I have a suspicion that you're right about her being like Mrs Rochester, but I don't think it's wise to write off the show's version of the character just yet.
2912	King Tommen	2013-04-28	Nerd rage is the worst kind of rage.  Take a step back and breathe....
2913	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I'm making a judgement based on stills. Unless they are not actually from the episode*, I cannot imagine that my opinion will change.Oh, and using gender-specific insults after I've criticised the show for the same thing is just laughable.(* They are from the episode - other stills have been released with the same quality.)Maybe because GRRM himself has actually said he did not define her by her children? Catelyn in the books exists without her children. She loves them and they play a big part of her life, but her story exists beyond them (after all, she spends all but one chapter in ACoK away from all of her children).When has he used woman or wench as insults in the show? And why would being a woman offend him? In the books he has no problem imagining himself as a woman because he thinks he'd be like Cersei, and he sees no problem with that.She was complex, if you're capable of looking beyond what the POV characters think of her. They've turned her into the "mad woman in the attic" trope (research it if you must). Keeping dead babies in jars is NOT sympathetic; it's really messed up.She's keeping babies in jars. That is not sane.Bryan Cogman's role is to keep the show faithful to the books - like seriously, that's pretty much his job description. He's also said in interviews that changes are made by D&D. I'm sure he can suggest changes, but it seems unlikely that he would, and D&D could simply dismiss them anyway. The evidence therefore suggests that this was NOT Cogman's idea.With respect, if you had bothered to read my posts you would know that I WANTED them to change Selyse. But the problem is that they've changed her in what I consider to be a bad way.GRRMs intentions have no bearing on this, what is actually shown is what matters. And almost everything that Catelyn does is for her children, particularly Robb in CoK.We only see her through PoV. Anything else is just you imagining things, making them up.Youve obviously just ignored my point about Selyse. Just because she is insane does not mean she cannot be sympathetic.That may be his role, but he has invented scenes before, and he will again.
2914	victim	2013-04-28	My only problem with this direction is that it looks very science-fiction like, which is, in my opinion, the wrong look for the show. I don't actually care about Selyse as a character and I'm surprised people do. D&D can do whatever they like with her and she'll still be better than she was in the books.
2915	Conchobar	2013-04-28	Oh, and using gender-specific insults after I've criticised the show for the same thing is just laughable.Your eloquent posts and rambunctious condescension is always appreciated.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 28 April 2013 - 08:32 AM.
2916	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-28	Selyse is supposed to be ugly yet she is being played by Tara Fitzgerald (who is certainly NOT ugly)
2917	King Tommen	2013-04-28	And Tyrion is supposed to be ugly as sin and Peter Dinklage is not. It's Hollywood.
2918	franko99	2013-04-28	Oh god I can't help but laugh at all the nerd rage in this thread, and knowing PS hs been supporting the show untill now /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 28 April 2013 - 09:54 AM.
2919	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	Oh god I can't help but laugh at all the nerd rage in this thread, and knowing PS hs been supporting the show untill now /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />I really enjoyed this thread. Actually I cannot wait to see the outrage of many other posters in this forum tonight when the episode airs. Even you have to admit that you felt some rage when you just saw the pictures. Oh I love it when the show blows the Horn of Joramun, and wakes giants from the forum.
2920	Sun	2013-04-28	I really enjoyed this thread. Actually I cannot wait to see the outrage of many other posters in this forum tonight when the episode airs. Even you have to admit that you felt some rage when you just saw the pictures. Oh I love it when the show blows the Horn of Joramun, and wakes giants from the forum.I love it. The show blowing the Horn of Joramun will be my go to euphemism for major show deviations from now on.
2921	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I love it. The show blowing the Horn of Joramun will be my go to euphemism for major show deviations from now on.Thing is, this isnt even a major deviation. This is fairly minor, altering the story of a character with maybe five lines in the whole series.
2922	Sun	2013-04-28	Thing is, this isnt even a major deviation. This is fairly minor, altering the story of a character with maybe five lines in the whole series.I really can't tell what kind of deviation it is, major or minor, good or bad, until I see the ep. I'm withholding judgement until then. But tbh, I'm not worried, knowing Tara is doing Selyse, I just know whatever the character, she will sell it.
2923	protar	2013-04-28	Thing is, this isnt even a major deviation. This is fairly minor, altering the story of a character with maybe five lines in the whole series.For me it's not how major it is that's a problem, it's how unnecessarily gross and tasteless it seems from the pictures. And it's just so out of the left-field. I think we all expected changes, but changes along the lines of, "let's trim some superfluous characters", not "let's put in some pickled baby corpses."
2924	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	For me it's not how major it is that's a problem, it's how unnecessarily gross and tasteless it seems from the pictures. And it's just so out of the left-field. I think we all expected changes, but changes along the lines of, "let's trim some superfluous characters", not "let's put in some pickled baby corpses."I dont think it's completely out of left field. I think we can agree GRRM has a sick and twisted imagination, I don't think it's something that would be out of place in the books.
2925	King Tommen	2013-04-28	If I had to choose a defining memorable characteristic of Selyse from 1) preserves her stillborns in her bedroom and 2) rocks a moustache, I pick the stillborns every time.
2926	King Tommen	2013-04-28	I dont think it's completely out of left field. I think we can agree GRRM has a sick and twisted imagination, I don't think it's something that would be out of place in the books.George had a woman publicly breastfeeding her 6 year old child, I don't think a woman preserving stillborns would be outside of his universe.
2927	King Tommen	2013-04-28	Also, Gwendoline Christie has a sweet ass.
2928	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	George had a woman publicly breastfeeding her 6 year old child, I don't think a woman preserving stillborns would be outside of his universe. Are you honestly comparing breastfeeding to preserving dead babies in jars?
2929	protar	2013-04-28	George had a woman publicly breastfeeding her 6 year old child, I don't think a woman preserving stillborns would be outside of his universe.It's not that, it's just that it's so gross and out of the left field that it seems like it's just for shock value. Breastfeeding a 6 old seems sane and caring in comparison imo. I'll wait until I see the episode to decide properly how I feel, but my gut reaction is that it seems tasteless and unnecessary. And of course I worry when D+D are spending their time on stuff like this rather than the actual story.
2930	MsLibby	2013-04-28	KingTommen: I know! she's hot and I'm a girl saying that. The look on Jaime's face in that pic is priceless.
2931	Syrio Foral	2013-04-28	For me it's not how major it is that's a problem, it's how unnecessarily gross and tasteless it seems from the pictures. And it's just so out of the left-field. I think we all expected changes, but changes along the lines of, "let's trim some superfluous characters", not "let's put in some pickled baby corpses." Oh come on, this adds something interesting to an already dull character like Jeyne Westering.
2932	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	Are you honestly comparing breastfeeding to preserving dead babies in jars?It's not quite the same if its a 6 year old. I agree though, the dead babies in jars is much worse. A better example of George's twisted imagination would be the whole Craster clusterfuck.
2933	protar	2013-04-28	Oh come on, this adds something interesting to an already dull character like Jeyne Westering.If it's going down that road I definitely don't want it. Like Jeyne, Selyse is not a character who needs to be super-interesting, or stand out. Stannis' shrewish, fanatical wife which explains how Mel got a hold on Dragonstone works perfectly well.
2934	Syrio Foral	2013-04-28	I'm making a judgement based on stills. Unless they are not actually from the episode*, I cannot imagine that my opinion will change.Oh, and using gender-specific insults after I've criticised the show for the same thing is just laughable.(* They are from the episode - other stills have been released with the same quality.)Maybe because GRRM himself has actually said he did not define her by her children? Catelyn in the books exists without her children. She loves them and they play a big part of her life, but her story exists beyond them (after all, she spends all but one chapter in ACoK away from all of her children).When has he used woman or wench as insults in the show? And why would being a woman offend him? In the books he has no problem imagining himself as a woman because he thinks he'd be like Cersei, and he sees no problem with that.She was complex, if you're capable of looking beyond what the POV characters think of her. They've turned her into the "mad woman in the attic" trope (research it if you must). Keeping dead babies in jars is NOT sympathetic; it's really messed up.She's keeping babies in jars. That is not sane.Bryan Cogman's role is to keep the show faithful to the books - like seriously, that's pretty much his job description. He's also said in interviews that changes are made by D&D. I'm sure he can suggest changes, but it seems unlikely that he would, and D&D could simply dismiss them anyway. The evidence therefore suggests that this was NOT Cogman's idea.With respect, if you had bothered to read my posts you would know that I WANTED them to change Selyse. But the problem is that they've changed her in what I consider to be a bad way. Slayer of Dany Haters, admit, you hate the show, I have not seen one positive post from you.
2935	protar	2013-04-28	It's not quite the same if its a 6 year old. I agree though, the dead babies in jars is much worse. A better example of George's twisted imagination would be the whole Craster clusterfuck.Even there we don't have to see/read any of that first hand. When it comes to the truly gruesome stuff Martin usually leaves it to the imagination or else doesn't spend much time on it. He doesn't put things in jars for all to see.Also you have to keep in mind that what is gross on television is usually less so in books without a visual medium. So to keep things at the same level this stuff needs to be toned down not ramped up.
2936	King Tommen	2013-04-28	Are you honestly comparing breastfeeding to preserving dead babies in jars?Breastfeeding a grown child is in the same realm as preserving stillborns, sure, in terms of shock value. Your mileage varies I suppose.  I've seen dead fetuses preserved in other movies and television series so it's not that mind blowing to me.  A woman pulling out her boob while addressing her subjects and letting her full grown kid go to town on it is not something I had seen before so I guess that was a little more jarring to me.In either case, I like those types of things because they are outlandish.  It certainly instantly makes Selyse a cooler character than the stick in the ass bore she was in the books.
2937	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	Slayer of Dany Haters, admit, you hate the show, I have not seen one positive post from you. I was very positive about the last episode, and last season I even defended some of the changes.If it's going down that road I definitely don't want it. Like Jeyne, Selyse is not a character who needs to be super-interesting, or stand out. Stannis' shrewish, fanatical wife which explains how Mel got a hold on Dragonstone works perfectly well.My thoughts exactly. Selyse was an interesting character in the books: she was desperate for Stannis's affection, but she was still proud and had an internal strength. Basically she was a character in her own right. In contrast, the show's version looks like she'll just fill a "Mrs Rochester" role (locked in a tower going crazy) to create sympathy for Stannis and explain his lust for Melisandre.The "mad woman in the attic" trope was bad when it was used by Bronte in the 19th Century. Modern fiction really shouldn't be doing the same thing.
2938	protar	2013-04-28	Breastfeeding a grown child is in the same realm as preserving stillborns, sure, in terms of shock value.Your mileage varies I suppose.  I've seen dead fetuses preserved in other movies and television series so it's not that mind blowing to me.  A woman pulling out her boob while addressing her subjects and letting her full grown kid go to town on it is not something I had seen before so I guess that was a little more jarring to me.In either case, I like those types of things because they are outlandish.  It certainly instantly makes Selyse a cooler character than the stick in the ass bore she was in the books.Your mileage varies indeed. Lysa breastfeeding Robin is taking something perfectly natural and exaggerating it. Preserving your unborn children is not natural at all. I guess 6-year old breastfeeding can fall into the uncanny valley in that case for some, but eh I was never sick to my stomach about it. I was here, and like I said upthread it usually takes quite a bit to disgust me.
2939	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I was very positive about the last episode, and last season I even defended some of the changes.My thoughts exactly. Selyse was an interesting character in the books: she was desperate for Stannis's affection, but she was still proud and had an internal strength. Basically she was a character in her own right. In contrast, the show's version looks like she'll just fill a "Mrs Rochester" role (locked in a tower going crazy) to create sympathy for Stannis and explain his lust for Melisandre.The "mad woman in the attic" trope was bad when it was used by Bronte in the 19th Century. Modern fiction really shouldn't be doing the same thing.The really hairy woman trope is awful to begin with. In any case, you havent seen nearly enough to decide that they are going to make her entirely insane. Also, I have a feeling that her instability will be blamed on Stannis, and that Stannis is the one who will look bad.Seylse was only interesting if you imagined things about her, otherwise she was self-involved, haughty and thoroughly boring character. If by character in her own right you mean an insignificant plot point, then I agree.What internal strength? You mean arrogance?
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 28 April 2013 - 11:09 AM.
2940	protar	2013-04-28	The really hairy woman trope is awful to begin with. In any case, you havent seen nearly enough to decide that they are going to make her entirely insane. Also, I have a feeling that her instability will be blamed on Stannis, and that Stannis is the one who will look bad.Seylse was only interesting if you imagined things about her, otherwise she was self-involved, haughty and thoroughly boring character. If by character in her own right you mean an insignificant plot point, then I agree.What internal strength? You mean arrogance?Oh, well that makes everything much better.
2941	Loras	2013-04-28	I agree with King Tommen on this one.
The only thing that concerns me is the inevitable - "Is she the one who keeps her babies in a jar?" from my Non-Reader partner.
2942	victim	2013-04-28	I'm shocked that PatrickStormborn and protar aren't on board with this change. Truly shocked...
2943	protar	2013-04-28	I'm shocked that PatrickStormborn and protar aren't on board with this change. Truly shocked...My opinions can be surprising at times, but if you pay attention there are patterns /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2944	King Tommen	2013-04-28	Your mileage varies indeed. Lysa breastfeeding Robin is taking something perfectly natural and exaggerating it. Preserving your unborn children is not natural at all. I guess 6-year old breastfeeding can fall into the uncanny valley in that case for some, but eh I was never sick to my stomach about it. I was here, and like I said upthread it usually takes quite a bit to disgust me.Sure but I feel like we need the context of the scene first before going too far off the deep end.  It will be a shocking visual regardless of the context but I don't think trying to read into this as some kind of indicator of Selyse's characterization is warranted.I could think of many ways they could go with the scene and am interested to see what the reasons behind this development are.  Certainly they could be going the route of making her the "Lysa the crazy shut-away" wife but they could just as easily be making this some kind of plot point where the preservation of the babies is at the bidding of Melisandre because she's telling both Selyse and Stannis that she can eventually "save" the babies.  Maybe it's Stannis who wants to preserve the babies to remind Selyse of her failure to produce an heir.  We don't know where this room is.  Is it in the tower with Selyse always or is it some kind of secret room that Stannis takes Selyse to?If they are continuing with the book characterization of Selyse as an ardent follower of Melisandre, then I would think that Mel would be involved in this decision to some extent.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 28 April 2013 - 11:17 AM.
2945	Dysun	2013-04-28	It's funny how a minor change to a an almost totally irrelevant character can stir up such a shit storm among book thumpers
2946	victim	2013-04-28	I just feel that instead of niggling away at the changes made that bother you, it's easier to just say, "oh, I preferred that in the books," or, "she was better in the books," but to ultimately move on and just enjoy the show for what it is. If you ever get to a point where the changes bother you that much, you can always just stop watching and read the books again. It's perfectly fine for a fan to hate an adapted work, especially when they love the original so much, but to complain so rigidly about every little thing that bothers you and then to claim you still enjoy the show... well, I guess I just don't see how someone can enjoy something while protesting it at the same time.That said, if everyone on here thought like this the discussions would be quite bland. So, there's that.
2947	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-28	Are people assuming Selyse will be crazy as shit just because of those stills? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  Couldn't a Maester keep all those fetuses to try to figure out why Selyse is unable to give birth besides the daughter she had (always forget her name)?
(anyway, IMO, book Selyse was borderline looney, you could tell that she was the religious freak, not Stannis)
2948	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	This is a bit creepy but hopefully they don't dwell on it too long. And hopefully there's some weird reason she's keeping them other than she's just fucking crazy, but I doubt it.Are people assuming Selyse will be crazy as shit just because of those stills? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  Couldn't a Maester keep all those fetuses to try to figure out why Selyse is unable to give birth besides the daughter she had (always forget her name)?(anyway, IMO, book Selyse was borderline looney, you could tell that she was the religious freak, not Stannis)She was loony but in a religious zealot super entitled cold bitch kind of way. Her character is terrible and boring. The best part she has in the books is when Stannis tells her "Be quiet, woman. You're not at a nightfire now."
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 11:40 AM.
2949	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-28	I'm literally so done with this show. I just... Wow. That's some fucked up shit.(Not in a good way.)Thank the gods. But seeing as you aren't a "crazy" middle-aged woman, you have absolutely no right to have an opinion on whether keeping those still-born children is fucked up or not. Right? That's how it works, isn't it?
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 28 April 2013 - 11:58 AM.
2950	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Thank the gods. But seeing as you aren't'a crazy middle-aged woman, you have absolutely no right to have an opinion on whether keeping those still-born children is fucked up or not. Right? That's how it works, isn't it?Zing.
2951	King of the Road	2013-04-28	I just feel that instead of niggling away at the changes made that bother you, it's easier to just say, "oh, I preferred that in the books," or, "she was better in the books," but to ultimately move on and just enjoy the show for what it is. If you ever get to a point where the changes bother you that much, you can always just stop watching and read the books again. It's perfectly fine for a fan to hate an adapted work, especially when they love the original so much, but to complain so rigidly about every little thing that bothers you and then to claim you still enjoy the show... well, I guess I just don't see how someone can enjoy something while protesting it at the same time.That said, if everyone on here thought like this the discussions would be quite bland. So, there's that. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Good post!
2952	Lady Lu	2013-04-28	Are people assuming Selyse will be crazy as shit just because of those stills? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  Couldn't a Maester keep all those fetuses to try to figure out why Selyse is unable to give birth besides the daughter she had (always forget her name)?(anyway, IMO, book Selyse was borderline looney, you could tell that she was the religious freak, not Stannis)Or maybe it's Melisandre's doing... keeping around some kingly DNA just in case the Gendry thing doesn't work out. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2953	Birdsong65	2013-04-28	Also, Gwendoline Christie has a sweet ass.IIRC, this ass, while sweet, likely belongs to the hooker that Bolton sends Jaime.  The one who thought of Jaime when she was with her customers. The real question is if Catelyn could have loved that motherless child, would Selise be mothering jar babies?Ponder that.
2954	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	Thank the gods. But seeing as you aren't a "crazy" middle-aged woman, you have absolutely no right to have an opinion on whether keeping those still-born children is fucked up or not. Right? That's how it works, isn't it?Well, I could be wrong, but I'm gonna guess that you aren't either, are you? Both of my grandmothers lost children. My mother's mom had two boys who lived only for a couple days or months, and then died. Also, her eldest son died when he was in his mid-twenties in an accident. My father's mom had many miscarriages, and if they where born they would be too weak and die soon, before she had my father who is and only child. Neither of them kept their babys in jars. I know many other women who have lost kids. Some were able to keep moving forward in life, some not so much, but neither type kept their babies in jars. In fact I have never ever personally met anybody who keeps her babies in jars. So yes I assume that it is quite fucked up.
2955	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-28	Well, I could be wrong, but I'm gonna guess that you aren't either, are you? Both of my grandmothers lost children. My mother's mom had two boys who lived only for a couple days or months, and then died. Also, her eldest son died when he was in his mid-twenties in an accident. My father's mom had many miscarriages, and if they where born they would be too weak and die soon, before she had my father who is and only child. Neither of them kept their babys in jars. I know many other women who have lost kids. Some were able to keep moving forward in life, some not so much, but neither type kept their babies in jars. In fact I have never ever personally met anybody who keeps her babies in jars. So yes I assume that it is quite fucked up.http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif
2956	thewalkindude19	2013-04-28	Even there we don't have to see/read any of that first hand. When it comes to the truly gruesome stuff Martin usually leaves it to the imagination or else doesn't spend much time on it. He doesn't put things in jars for all to see.Also you have to keep in mind that what is gross on television is usually less so in books without a visual medium. So to keep things at the same level this stuff needs to be toned down not ramped up.GRRM had a man fuck his twin sister, who was on her period, next to the fresh corpse of their child-by-incest.What's more shocking and disgusting, that or some dead babies in jars? :-p
2957	protar	2013-04-28	GRRM had a man fuck his twin sister, who was on her period, next to the fresh corpse of their child-by-incest.What's more shocking and disgusting, that or some dead babies in jars? :-pI really can't say without any bias because after gods know how many rereads blasphemous, menstrual incest sex next to a corpse has become disturbingly normalised to me. But like I say, it's a difference in mediums. Disgust is more explicit on screen. I sincerely hope we don't get said sex scene in quite as much graphic detail in the show.
2958	thewalkindude19	2013-04-28	I really can't say without any bias because after gods know how many rereads blasphemous, menstrual incest sex next to a corpse has become disturbingly normalised to me. But like I say, it's a difference in mediums. Disgust is more explicit on screen. I sincerely hope we don't get said sex scene in quite as much graphic detail in the show.I would be quite surprised if that scene was included, but then again, I wouldn't put it past them.
2959	Yago	2013-04-28	I would actually like it if they kept that scene. Not graphic of course. But I was laughing the whole time when reading that...
2960	The Monkey	2013-04-28	Wait... will the "king's blood" somehow be connected in with the dead babies? They are Stannis' sons, after all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
2961	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gifAh! The Others take my internet! I cannot see this right now. Would you mind telling me what it is? If you do mind I guess I can just see it later.
2962	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-28	Wait... will the "king's blood" somehow be connected in with the dead babies? They are Stannis' sons, after all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Oh gosh I hope not. They are already going out of their way to make Stannis look horrible, but this would be a disaster to his character.
2963	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-28	Ah! The Others take my internet! I cannot see this right now. Would you mind telling me what it is? If you do mind I guess I can just see it later.Something with a graph, a ''you'', and something with a joke or reference. I guess it's sarcasm.
2964	Sansa in the North	2013-04-28	I really can't say without any bias because after gods know how many rereads blasphemous, menstrual incest sex next to a corpse has become disturbingly normalised to me. But like I say, it's a difference in mediums. Disgust is more explicit on screen. I sincerely hope we don't get said sex scene in quite as much graphic detail in the show.My Jaime/Cersei shipper heart will break if we don't get that scene. Totally my favourite sex scene in the history of everything, precisely because there's so much wrong with it. But that's just me, I get that's it's not for everyone.
2965	Loras	2013-04-28	This thread has got me really excited to see how the showrunners will play this out!
I hope there is a lot of over reaction on this thread.
Poor Selyse /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2966	Honourable Ser	2013-04-28	Something with a graph, a ''you'', and something with a joke or reference. I guess it's sarcasm.Yes it was! Congratulations!
2967	King of the Road	2013-04-28	Oh gosh I hope not. They are already going out of their way to make Stannis look horrible, but this would be a disaster to his character.Well if he uses the blood from the deceased then at least he's not needing to sacrifice the living. Don't know if Selyse would see it that way but...http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />EDIT: Or do you mean he's already sacrificed them?
					
					
							Edited by King of the Road, 28 April 2013 - 01:19 PM.
2968	Honourable Ser	2013-04-28	I really hated Selyse in the books anyway. Her dismissive attitude towards the Wildlings did not make her the sympathetic character some people seem to have thought she was. So yeah, bring on the changes to her character! Love what David and Dan do to make little improvements to the whole story, whilst staying true to Martin's world.
2969	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	I hope there is a lot of over reaction on this thread.Count on it!!
2970	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-28	Ah! The Others take my internet! I cannot see this right now. Would you mind telling me what it is? If you do mind I guess I can just see it later.Sure. It's a diagram explaining that my original post (the one you quoted) went over your head. I was responding to PatrickStormborn in the same manner that he responded to a number of posters in a thread about the "homophobic undertones" of the show. Apparently, if you aren't a homosexual, you aren't allowed to form an opinion on anything regarding homosexuality. Since that same poster is now entirely sure that the show is misogynistic, one can only assume...Anyway, here's another simplified example...Something with a graph, a ''you'', and something with a joke or reference. I guess it's sarcasm.http://25.media.tumb...qfhi2o1_500.gif
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 28 April 2013 - 01:27 PM.
2971	Sun	2013-04-28	GRRM had a man fuck his twin sister, who was on her period, next to the fresh corpse of their child-by-incest.What's more shocking and disgusting, that or some dead babies in jars? :-pGod, that scene still has the power to make me sick. I love Jaime, but that scene... shudder.
2972	Frumpus	2013-04-28	GRRM had a man fuck his twin sister, who was on her period, next to the fresh corpse of their child-by-incest.What's more shocking and disgusting, that or some dead babies in jars? :-pdead babies in jars by far
2973	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I really hated Selyse in the books anyway. Her dismissive attitude towards the Wildlings did not make her the sympathetic character some people seem to have thought she was. So yeah, bring on the changes to her character! Love what David and Dan do to make little improvements to the whole story, whilst staying true to Martin's world.There is not a single line of the books that is intended to make her sympathetic or even likable. I know this is a subjective thing and based on interpretation, but there is really nothing about her that is likable, admirable, or even interesting. I don't know where people are getting this sympathetic or strong thing from. Even her family sucks.dead babies in jars by farI've seen babies/people/heads in a jar before. So that's not really that shocking to me. I've never seen or even heard of someone fucking their twin sister on her period while basically on top of their dead son.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 01:32 PM.
2974	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	Sure. It's a diagram explaining that my original post (the one you quoted) went over your head. I was responding to PatrickStormborn in the same manner that he responded to a number of posters in a thread about the "homophobic undertones" of the show. Apparently, if you aren't a homosexual, you aren't allowed to form an opinion on anything regarding homosexuality.Since that same poster is now entirely sure that the show is misogynistic, one can only assume...Anyway, here's another simplified example...http://25.media.tumb...qfhi2o1_500.giflol  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />	I thought you were being serious. I'm sorry I didn't get your joke. My sarcasm radar seems to not be working today. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  ETA: and I didn't read the "homofobic undertones" thread.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 28 April 2013 - 02:00 PM.
2975	Sansa in the North	2013-04-28	There is not a single line of the books that is intended to make her sympathetic or even likable. I know this is a subjective thing and based on interpretation, but there is really nothing about her that is likable, admirable, or even interesting. I don't know where people are getting this sympathetic or strong thing from. Even her family sucks.Personally, I felt sorry for her because she was constantly being made fun of for a thing she could not change (the moustache) and her husband was cheating on her. And, like others have said, she did have dignity. Then again, I hated her for being such a religious maniac. But that's the beauty of Martin's characters, you love them AND hate them. If they make her some crazy woman who keeps her dead children in jars, though, then she will lose her dignity, which I admit is pretty much the only admirable thing about her.I don't really care about that as much as the fact that babies in jars don't really belong in GOT. When I first saw the pictures I honestly thought they were from a different show than the bath scene pictures,. The captions were in Russian, so it took a while before I got that that was really GOT.
					
					
							Edited by Sansa in the North, 28 April 2013 - 01:38 PM.
2976	Ser Hippie	2013-04-28	Selyse in the books:
(1) Is almost completely unsympathetic in her treatment of almost everyone (Shireen, Davos, Jon, the Night's Watch, the wildlings, etc.)
(2) Always disagrees with Jon in ADWD no matter how reasonable or even objectively correct what he was saying was, usually because of either her religious beliefs, which are portrayed as crazy/fanatical as far back as ACOK or because she's Not a Nice Person <U+0084>c
(3) Has a mustache. Also she has a mustache. Did you know she has a mustache?
Selyse in the show:
(1) Is/was ill, apparently
(2) Has fetuses in jars for some reason. Possibly her stillborns, possibly part of her work on stem-cell research. We don't know.
Either way, there's a lot of room for improvement, and while my initial reaction was "WTF mate", I'm also interested to see if they can inject more humanity into her character than GRRM did (where it's basically limited to pity w/regards to how Stannis has treated her/their marriage).
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 28 April 2013 - 01:41 PM.
2977	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Personally, I felt sorry for her because she was constantly being made fun of for a thing she could not change (the moustache) and her husband was cheating on her. And, like others have said, she did have dignity. Then again, I hated her for being such a religious maniac. But that's the beauty of Martin's characters, you love them AND hate them. If they make her some crazy woman who keeps her dead children in jars, though, then she will lose her dignity, which I admit is pretty much the only admirable thing about her.I don't really care about that as much as the fact that babies in jars don't really belong in GOT. When I first saw the pictures I honestly thought they were from a different show than the bath scene pictures,. The captions were in Russian, so it took a while before I got that that was really GOT.As a woman, even in Westeros, you can quite easily control having a moustache.
2978	Talbot	2013-04-28	Ya'll haven't even seen the episode and you're shitting yourselves over an extremely minor character collecting stillborn babies.
2979	Eir	2013-04-28	The real question is if Catelyn could have loved that motherless child, would Selise be mothering jar babies?Ponder that.I think you'll enjoy this site:http://ifcatelynlove...now.tumblr.com/
2980	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-28	Even there we don't have to see/read any of that first hand. When it comes to the truly gruesome stuff Martin usually leaves it to the imagination or else doesn't spend much time on it. He doesn't put things in jars for all to see.Yeah, we definitely don't get first hand accounts of nipple cutting, or a woman having her face being devoured by a savage man. Nosiree.
2981	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-28	Sure. It's a diagram explaining that my original post (the one you quoted) went over your head. I was responding to PatrickStormborn in the same manner that he responded to a number of posters in a thread about the "homophobic undertones" of the show. Apparently, if you aren't a homosexual, you aren't allowed to form an opinion on anything regarding homosexuality.Since that same poster is now entirely sure that the show is misogynistic, one can only assume...Anyway, here's another simplified example...http://25.media.tumb...qfhi2o1_500.gifYou think so high of your own jokes, sarcasm and ability to ''trap'' other people, apparently, but you can't see mine. Congratulations.
2982	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-28	lol  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />    I thought you were being serious. I'm sorry I didn't get your joke. My sarcasm radar seems to not be working today. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />No worries, friend. I sometimes wish there was a universal sarcasm font that could be used, but what can you do...As to your original reply - I didn't mean to make light of what you responded to my post with. I don't imagine keeping stillborn babies in tanks is normal in any situation (even scientific), but I know from experience that mothers are often loathe to give up their babies, even if they weren't alive to begin with or died shortly after birth. It must be an absolutely heartbreaking experience to give birth knowing the child isn't alive, and I'm sure that can do weird things to the psyche of a person.You think so high of your own jokes, sarcasm and ability to ''trap'' other people, apparently, but you can't see mine. Congratulations.Thanks.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 28 April 2013 - 02:07 PM.
2983	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Yeah, we definitely don't get first hand accounts of nipple cutting, or a woman having her face being devoured by a savage man. Nosiree.Well everything you read in a book is leaving it to the imagination as opposed to displaying it on TV so I don't even get what the point of that post was (That you responded to).
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 02:06 PM.
2984	MsLibby	2013-04-28	[/background][/left][/font][/color]IIRC, this ass, while sweet, likely belongs to the hooker that Bolton sends Jaime.  The one who thought of Jaime when she was with her customers.The real question is if Catelyn could have loved that motherless child, would Selise be mothering jar babies?Ponder that.No. It's Brienne. It's actually part of the clip they played in the trailer when he tells her he is tired of fighting. As well, she does forget her nudity and stand up in front of him when he makes her angry in the books.
2985	protar	2013-04-28	Well everything you read in a book is leaving it to the imagination as opposed to displaying it on TV so I don't even get what the point of that post was (That you responded to).The point of my post was pretty much exactly what you said. Reading about gross things is not near so bad as seeing them. Nipple cutting tbh isn't that bad. No different from any other body part getting cut really and that's par the course for any setting with swords. But Brienne's face being bitten off? Now that was disturbing in the books, one of the few moments Martin really goes all out. Now imagine that in the show. It would be awful.
2986	Newstar	2013-04-28	There is not a single line of the books that is intended to make her sympathetic or even likable. I know this is a subjective thing and based on interpretation, but there is really nothing about her that is likable, admirable, or even interesting. I don't know where people are getting this sympathetic or strong thing from.Yes, I think the sympathetic perception of Selyse might be due to sympathetic readers seeing the tragedy of her situation, rather than any effort on GRRM's part to depict her as likable, admirable, or even interesting, as  you say. And while I personally see a good deal to pity in Selyse, I see nothing to indicate that GRRM has gone out of his way to show her as a sympathetic character. I feel badly for her in spite of the way GRRM has written her.I think it's similar to GRRM's depiction of Lollys (LOL she's ugly and stupid) as opposed to fans' sympathetic reaction to her (how horrible to be born ugly and slow-witted when you have no control over these things and to be mocked for it, and to be gang-raped and married to a sociopath, who names your kid after a hideous dwarf and the location of your rape, etc. etc.).No. It's Brienne. It's actually part of the clip they played in the trailer when he tells her he is tired of fighting. As well, she does forget her nudity and stand up in front of him when he makes her angry in the books.I agree.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 02:20 PM.
2987	franko99	2013-04-28	I just feel that instead of niggling away at the changes made that bother you, it's easier to just say, "oh, I preferred that in the books," or, "she was better in the books," but to ultimately move on and just enjoy the show for what it is. If you ever get to a point where the changes bother you that much, you can always just stop watching and read the books again. It's perfectly fine for a fan to hate an adapted work, especially when they love the original so much, but to complain so rigidly about every little thing that bothers you and then to claim you still enjoy the show... well, I guess I just don't see how someone can enjoy something while protesting it at the same time.That said, if everyone on here thought like this the discussions would be quite bland. So, there's that.Thank the gods. But seeing as you aren't a "crazy" middle-aged woman, you have absolutely no right to have an opinion on whether keeping those still-born children is fucked up or not. Right? That's how it works, isn't it? /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Or maybe it's Melisandre's doing... keeping around some kingly DNA just in case the Gendry thing doesn't work out. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Or maybe Mel has told her she can bring the baby back to life, being a religious freak, Selyse can believe it. And later when Thoros DO bring Beric back from death, people will think "hay, maybe it wasn't BS, and the Lord of Light can resurrect the babies", and it's too early yo tell if she's completely crazy, or if this will look like Stannis fault or anything, just wait before bitch about it.
2988	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Yes, I think the sympathetic perception of Selyse might be due to sympathetic readers seeing the tragedy of her situation, rather than any effort on GRRM's part to depict her as likable, admirable, or even interesting, as  you say. And while I personally see a good deal to pity in Selyse, I see nothing to indicate that GRRM has gone out of his way to show her as a sympathetic character. I feel badly for her in spite of the way GRRM has written her.I can agree with that, but she's not fleshed out at all and the little we do get of her directly (Jon's PoV) she seems to be just deserving of all the mockery and crap she gets from Stannis. She's like the kind of person you kinda feel bad for but you can't stand to be around them for more than 5 seconds. And then when they do talk you remember why you can't sympathize with them.
2989	thewalkindude19	2013-04-28	The point of my post was pretty much exactly what you said. Reading about gross things is not near so bad as seeing them. Nipple cutting tbh isn't that bad. No different from any other body part getting cut really and that's par the course for any setting with swords. But Brienne's face being bitten off? Now that was disturbing in the books, one of the few moments Martin really goes all out. Now imagine that in the show. It would be awful.That's actually a part I really hope they include. It was so intense in the books, I think it could be a really powerful moment on screen.
2990	protar	2013-04-28	That's actually a part I really hope they include. It was so intense in the books, I think it could be a really powerful moment on screen.I'm sure it will be (if Biter is even still in) but let's be honest, it's not going to be as graphic as it was described in the books. For a start Brienne will not be having half her face bitten off for the same reason Tyrion didn't lose his nose. Too many prosthetics.
2991	thewalkindude19	2013-04-28	I'm sure it will be (if Biter is even still in) but let's be honest, it's not going to be as graphic as it was described in the books. For a start Brienne will not be having half her face bitten off for the same reason Tyrion didn't lose his nose. Too many prosthetics.Most certainly not. But she could still get a nice scar, and the idea of being pinned down while someone tries to eat you is horrifying enough.
2992	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Most certainly not. But she could still get a nice scar, and the idea of being pinned down while someone tries to eat you is horrifying enough.Especially without the use of bath salts.
2993	Swagwell	2013-04-28	I wonder if Selyse is going to have a nude scene?
2994	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-28	Really loved the interview with him on WiC, so awesome. I to hope he gets to do even more in season 4, as it seems he's really a beacon for the books (not that D&D aren't, what I would do to know the things they know about Westeros).
2995	Birdsong65	2013-04-28	I think you'll enjoy this site:http://ifcatelynlove...now.tumblr.com/BWAH!If Catelyn would have loved Jon Snow, then cousin Oliver would never have ruined the Brady Bunch.If Catelyn would have loved Jon Snow, then Hemlock Grove would have been as good as House of CardsAlso, the show is the show, the books are the books, separate, but not equal.QuoteMultiQuote
2996	Syrio Foral	2013-04-28	I wonder if Selyse is going to have a nude scene? /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
2997	Kasrith	2013-04-28	He wrote "What is Dead May Never Die" which was probably the second best episode behind "Blackwater" last season. They should just give Vanessa Taylor's episode to him next season imo.Aww yiss. What is Dead May Never Die ruled. And I second the OP that he should get Vanessa Taylor's episode next season.Vanessa's episode this season was very, very good imo
2998	Newstar	2013-04-28	I wonder if Selyse is going to have a nude scene?Hahaha, who knows? Tara Fitzgerald, who plays Selyse, has gotten naked before for roles (although the only one I can think of off the top of my head is Sirens, which was almost 20 years ago).
2999	King of the Road	2013-04-28	I'm sure it will be (if Biter is even still in) but let's be honest, it's not going to be as graphic as it was described in the books. For a start Brienne will not be having half her face bitten off for the same reason Tyrion didn't lose his nose. Too many prosthetics.I don't think they'd even need to show any injury. The very intent would be horrific enough.
3000	Syrio Foral	2013-04-28	I think the book fanatics are lucky. I like the books but if I were making the show, I would have cut things out more than what the show has done. for example, I would have cut Qarth completely, and just have Quaithe showing up at the Red Waste telling her some prophecies and learning that Robert died, and send her to a boat port which will basically be her last Chapter in COK, I would have end season 2 with the sack of Astopor.
3001	Dysun	2013-04-28	Thank the gods. But seeing as you aren't a "crazy" middle-aged woman, you have absolutely no right to have an opinion on whether keeping those still-born children is fucked up or not. Right? That's how it works, isn't it?lmao
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 28 April 2013 - 04:22 PM.
3002	Swagwell	2013-04-28	Hahaha, who knows? Tara Fitzgerald, who plays Selyse, has gotten naked before for roles (although the only one I can think of off the top of my head is Sirens, which was almost 20 years ago).I sure hope so. Gratuitousness be damned!
3003	Montey14	2013-04-28	I think the book fanatics are lucky. I like the books but if I were making the show, I would have cut things out more than what the show has done. for example, I would have cut Qarth completely, and just have Quaithe showing up at the Red Waste telling her some prophecies and learning that Robert died, and send her to a boat port which will basically be her last Chapter in COK, I would have end season 2 with the sack of Astopor.Really?? youi would have cut out the scene at the house of the undieing?? I know they cchanged the scene around and left out the Rheagar part,  and some of the prophecies,  but it was a pretty great scene nonetheless.
3004	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Really?? youi would have cut out the scene at the house of the undieing?? I know they cchanged the scene around and left out the Rheagar part,  and some of the prophecies,  but it was a pretty great scene nonetheless.I hated it at first, but then when I wasn't too busy complaining about how it was changed I noticed there's some nice symbolism in it and it's shot very well. The climax of the scene though wasn't very good.I reread that part of aCoK and there's just no way you can accurately do the book version at all. Beyond giving stuff away it's just too difficult to film, so I'm glad they at least attempted to film something that was meaningful in its own way. But the death of Pyat Pree was pretty badly done, in the sense that he couldn't see that coming.
3005	Syrio Foral	2013-04-28	Really?? youi would have cut out the scene at the house of the undieing?? I know they cchanged the scene around and left out the Rheagar part,  and some of the prophecies,  but it was a pretty great scene nonetheless. Qarth in the books only served three things that is essential for Dany's arc. 1. She needed ships. 2. She needed to learn that Robert is dead. 3. She needed to know the prophecies. While house of the undying was good visuals, it would have cost a lot. I would have combined everything with quaithe.
3006	Valonqar_	2013-04-28	/bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Or maybe Mel has told her she can bring the baby back to life, being a religious freak, Selyse can believe it. And later when Thoros DO bring Beric back from death, people will think "hay, maybe it wasn't BS, and the Lord of Light can resurrect the babies", and it's too early yo tell if she's completely crazy, or if this will look like Stannis fault or anything, just wait before bitch about it.This! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  I think the babies have the potential to be great or plainly awful. I do think they are taking a risk here, though. We'll have to see it.
3007	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-28	Thank the gods. But seeing as you aren't a "crazy" middle-aged woman, you have absolutely no right to have an opinion on whether keeping those still-born children is fucked up or not. Right? That's how it works, isn't it?Love your work.
3008	Azzazel	2013-04-28	Things just got creepier in Dragonstone.
3009	go joff go	2013-04-28	I have to say I don't find the change as shocking as others. I'm in a line of work where I have peripheral association with miscarriages, and mothers can have some prettyheartbreaking reactions and request some pretty unusual things. To me its almost touching on a taboo but real subject that people just don't know about.
3010	Currawong	2013-04-28	Gods, this fan base is horrible. The sense of entitlement; acting like they have any idea what goes into the production of this show, let alone any television show, etc.I'm glad D&D don't waste their time "answering for themselves", because there focus is where it belongs - on making the show that practically consumes their entire lives. Posters like protar are arm-chair filmmakers - except going beyond mere criticism into personal attacks, and making judgement of character without having met or spoken with D&D or anyone else involved in this production is doubly ignorant and presumptuous. Martin, D&D, and Bryan Cogman all recently spent a weekend together discussing this story and probably having some laughs.Thank you, thank you.  Well said!I found the Bryan Cogman interview very interesting, because of the glimpses he gave into the overall planning, and the fact that ALL the main characters' storylines have been mapped out across the books.   That alone must have been a monumental task  (just think of how many characters and stories they had to deal with) and then of course they have to go back and try to match timelines, character interactions, and so on.  It is only when they have done that, that the showrunners can get an idea of what is essential, what can be omitted, and what needs to be changed for whatever reason - budget, some things work better on screen, and so on.   And because they are telling the story as a TV show from a 3rd person objective viewpoint, rather than GRRM's 'unreliable narrator' and limited POV style, many things have to be changed or added anyway.I have to say that so far in Season 3 I have started to feel that many of the little things are starting to come together, and that seeds sown in the first two seasons are now sprouting and starting to grow.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 28 April 2013 - 07:24 PM.
3011	go joff go	2013-04-28	Did he say he has mapped the arcs across all the bookS or just for the current book, b/c I thought it was the latter with just here and there focus on  stuff  that happens in later books?
3012	songbirdsings	2013-04-28	So is this where we're discussing the episode?  I don't see the usual thread up.
3013	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-28	I think the book fanatics are lucky. I like the books but if I were making the show, I would have cut things out more than what the show has done. for example, I would have cut Qarth completely, and just have Quaithe showing up at the Red Waste telling her some prophecies and learning that Robert died, and send her to a boat port which will basically be her last Chapter in COK, I would have end season 2 with the sack of Astopor.And that's exactly why Martin wouldn't even have considered you for the job.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 28 April 2013 - 08:27 PM.
3014	MsLibby	2013-04-28	Is there a discussion thread?
3015	Warhawk137	2013-04-28	Is there a discussion thread?There needs to be... this has been a gorgeously quiet, conteplative, haunting episode.  More character development than you could shake a stick at.
3016	MsLibby	2013-04-28	That is what i've been hearing but other than this thread, there isn't any place to talk about it.
3017	MsLibby	2013-04-28	I want to hear about the BATH
3018	Warhawk137	2013-04-28	I want to hear about the BATHAbsolutely amazing.This has been a Jaime, Stannis, & Robb episode.  There's no way non-readers will come away from this episode without a hugely altered view of those three.
3019	Baitac	2013-04-28	Where is Ran's discussion thread??
3020	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-28	I'm in the UK so still have to wait a day to watch. How much would you guys rate this episode out of 10?
(seeing as the normal thread isn't up yet)
3021	MsLibby	2013-04-28	Absolutely amazing.This has been a Jaime, Stannis, & Robb episode.  There's no way non-readers will come away from this episode without a hugely altered view of those three.Glad to hear it! The Bath scene is an essential point for Jaime's characgter development. So happy to hear they got it right.
3022	Warhawk137	2013-04-28	Bah, I gotta say, it'd be nice if Loras would stop thinking with his... erm... sword.
3023	MsLibby	2013-04-28	He's a 17 year old boy. That's all they think with /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3024	Currawong	2013-04-28	Ran's discussion threads now open!
3025	MsLibby	2013-04-28	yay!!!
3026	songbirdsings	2013-04-28	Bah, I gotta say, it'd be nice if Loras would stop thinking with his... erm... sword.I hate that scene.  Part of Loras's appeal was his love and devotion to Renly. "When the sun has set, no candle can replace it."
3027	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-28	I hate that scene.  Part of Loras's appeal was his love and devotion to Renly."When the sun has set, no candle can replace it."So he can't bang the occasional skank?
3028	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-28	Best episode of the season thus far
3029	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	All I have to say is job well done, Bryan!
3030	Yago	2013-04-28	Cogman is the man.
3031	Caryn Stark	2013-04-28	Brain cogman hits it out of the park!!! So awesome! I'm so happy right now. I wish he'd write all of them.
3032	Katydid	2013-04-28	Can Cogman and GRRM just write all the remaining episodes?  Forever?  Please?
3033	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-28	Bryan Cogman has nailed it. This episode was simply amazing. I loved that he kept little bits from the book in. ("you know nothing Jon Sno-oooho", etc)
3034	Oakenfist	2013-04-28	Is there a reason why Cogman only writes one episode a season? They should be rewarding him at this point.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 28 April 2013 - 11:42 PM.
3035	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	Is there a reason why Cogman only writes one episode a season? They should be rewarding him at this point. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  This was a brilliant adaptation of the book for TV, both in using the original source material (the bathtub scene with Jaime and Brienne was sheer perfection) and fleshing out the characters (such as Stannis with Shireen). Loved every minute and wish we could see more from Bryan Cogman.
3036	Yuki the Stranger	2013-04-29	I hate this episode
It seemed that everyone's IQ became ZERO!
What's going on with Loras? Just forgot Renly, and told every secrets to a sexmate?
WTF
And I hate the scene where Sansa and LF.......
3037	Frumpus	2013-04-29	Is there a reason why Cogman only writes one episode a season? They should be rewarding him at this point.Rewarding him? How? Writing more episodes? The fact that he only needs to write one is his reward. His job of overseeing all of the writing and canon is already taxing enough.
3038	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	All the people shitting on Selyse based on those two stills must feel pretty stupid now.
3039	Breaking Bronn	2013-04-29	All the people shitting on Selyse based on those two stills must feel pretty stupid now.Right?While it's still strange of her character to keep a stillborn collection, some people were really freaking out over something that had like five seconds screentime and hardly any overall significance. It ended up being a tiny detail that will likely never be brought up again. Her character still hit all the right notes and she actually felt human.Crying over spilled milk is putting it lightly. The complainers were crying over a miniscule drop that slid down the milk carton...
3040	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Right?While it's still strange of her character to keep a stillborn collection, some people were really freaking out over something that had like five seconds screentime and hardly any overall significance. It ended up being a tiny detail that will likely never be brought up again. Her character still hit all the right notes and she actually felt human.Crying over spilled milk is putting it lightly. The complainers were crying over a miniscule drop that slid down the milk carton...The funny thing is, for all the crying over spilt milk, show's Selyse's fanatical devotion to Mel and Rhllor, to the point where she's fine with Mel sleeping with Stannis, is still in character with book Selyse. There was absolutely no point in freaking out over the dead baby thing. It wasn't even the focus of the scene. And I thought it actually softened both characters, rather than making them unsympathetic.
3041	Dove	2013-04-29	I guess the babies were a little in-your-face but yeah, I'm really not seeing the complaints of "character assassination" or whatever. Selyse wasn't exactly a paragon of quiet, long-suffering dignity in the books, she was pretty much what we got in that quick scene + a moustache + also a great deal of fanatical arrogance. Like, that's it.
3042	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	I eagerly await PatrickStomborn's views on how Selyse has been "butchered" by the show.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 29 April 2013 - 05:01 AM.
3043	Sun	2013-04-29	All the people shitting on Selyse based on those two stills must feel pretty stupid now.Haha. Don't they though. Still, the meltdown over a picture taken out of context made for a hilarious read.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 04:49 AM.
3044	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	All the people shitting on Selyse based on those two stills must feel pretty stupid now. Not at all. I watched with a non-reader and she was completely freaked out by what she saw (not in a good way). The scenes were incredibly triggering, which was part my worry.I was right. Selyse is just as I feared: the mad woman in the attic. She doesn't leave her tower, she didn't bring Melisandre to Stannis, and she doesn't really do anything. I'm extremely disappointed that the show had to fall back on a trope used in a 19th Century novel, but I'm happy that they kept her fanaticism and her loyalty to Stannis - I feared we'd lose those too.
3045	Sun	2013-04-29	Not at all. I watched with a non-reader and she was completely freaked out by what she saw (not in a good way). The scenes were incredibly triggering, which was part my worry.I was right. Selyse is just as I feared: the mad woman in the attic. She doesn't leave her tower, she didn't bring Melisandre to Stannis, and she doesn't really do anything. I'm extremely disappointed that the show had to fall back on a trope used in a 19th Century novel, but I'm happy that they kept her fanaticism and her loyalty to Stannis - I feared we'd lose those too. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
3046	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-29	Brian did a great job. Jaime's dialogue in particular was magnificently written.I was right.Naturally.
3047	Ran	2013-04-29	I don't think the episode indicates that she had no role in bringing Melisandre, IMO.
3048	The Unborn	2013-04-29	I don't know if it's been brought up yet, but I feel the stillborns will replace the leeches. King's blood /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3049	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	I don't think the episode indicates that she had no role in bringing Melisandre, IMO.I hope I'm wrong. But several lines of dialogue led me to that conclusion: Selyse saying "I thank God every day for bringing Melisandre to us" and Melisandre (last season) saying Selyse is "shut away in a tower".
3050	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	I don't know if it's been brought up yet, but I feel the stillborns will replace the leeches. King's blood /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />That would be awful. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
3051	Winter's Knight	2013-04-29	I don't know if it's been brought up yet, but I feel the stillborns will replace the leeches. King's blood /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Gross. Gods..Where's the nitpick thread so I can moan about Show!Loras' strange lack of grief? Whatever happened to "When the sun has set, no candle can replace it."?
3052	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Not at all. I watched with a non-reader and she was completely freaked out by what she saw (not in a good way). The scenes were incredibly triggering, which was part my worry.I was right. Selyse is just as I feared: the mad woman in the attic. She doesn't leave her tower, she didn't bring Melisandre to Stannis, and she doesn't really do anything. I'm extremely disappointed that the show had to fall back on a trope used in a 19th Century novel, but I'm happy that they kept her fanaticism and her loyalty to Stannis - I feared we'd lose those too.It's "as you feared" because you have the same overblown response to every change the show makes.One minute your saying she fills the mad woman in the attic trope, next your saying that she is fanatical and loyal to Stannis? Which is it? Because those two traits sure don't fit that trope. Apart from the babies in the jars, she wasnt really insane.
3053	Ran	2013-04-29	My view of Melisandre in the novels is that she showed up at Dragonstone (believing, already, that Stannis was the prince who was promised), and Selyse became a devout follower and brought her into the court and before Stannis. I don't think those remarks in the show are contradictory.
I suspect the shutting herself away to pray and ponder the failure to bear children and so on is partly something they're forced to introduce because they couldn't do anything with the character last season, so they needed to explain why she seemed to be a non-entity then.
3054	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	It's "as you feared" because you have the same overblown response to every change the show makes.One minute your saying she fills the mad woman in the attic trope, next your saying that she is fanatical and loyal to Stannis? Which is it? Because those two traits sure don't fit that trope. Apart from the babies in the jars, she wasnt really insane. Selyse is shut away in a tower and she keeps dead babies pickled in jars. That's a literal definition of a "mad woman in the attic".I have a bad response to bad changes. Most of the changes are bad, which is why it appears that I have the same response to "every" change. But your argument falls completely flat; you'll have noticed that I haven't criticised the Loras/Willas swap (despite it being an erasure of a differently-abled character), for example.
3055	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Gotta agree the Fetus display was a little to out there for my liking, Other than that i thought they nailed the Dragonstone scenes.
3056	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	Selyse is shut away in a tower and she keeps dead babies pickled in jars. That's a literal definition of a "mad woman in the attic".I have a bad response to bad changes. Most of the changes are bad, which is why it appears that I have the same response to "every" change. But your argument falls completely flat; you'll have noticed that I haven't criticised the Loras/Willas swap (despite it being an erasure of a differently-abled character), for example.Yes, but your ignoring the fact that there is more to her character in the show than her insanity, which belies that she is merely a mad woman in the attic.Well, you just have, so I'm not sure what your point is here.
3057	Sun	2013-04-29	I don't think the episode indicates that she had no role in bringing Melisandre, IMO.You're right, what we saw today says nothing about how Melisandre came to Stannis. We simply have no idea, as far as the show is concerned. Anyone claiming that today, or earlier, proved something about the role Selyse played in bringing Mel to Stan, is jumping to a conclusion based on supposition not supported by the facts at hand.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 07:00 AM.
3058	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	Yeah come on guys, no-one actually thinks the foetus display was a good addition surely? Apart from that I thought they got her character down well.
edit: and Shireen.  Well done Brian.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 29 April 2013 - 07:48 AM.
3059	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-29	All the people shitting on Selyse based on those two stills must feel pretty stupid now.I freaked out (not to the extend of some people, but still, I did freaked out) To be honest I don't fell stupid. I didn't like show Selyse. The jar-babies are not the focus of the scene, but they are still very creepy. I think she seems more crazy than in the books. I didn't find her more sympathetic.  But my main problem are not the pickled-babies. My main problem is why wouldn't she want Stannis to see his own daughter?Anyways, I really enjoyed the uproar. Like I said before I love it when the show blows the Horn of Joramun and wakes giants from the forum.Now, can someone create a nitpick thread? I would like to whine about some things that if I even DARED to mention in any other thread would make people become Ramsay and make me their Reek.
3060	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-29	"Seven hells."
-Jon Snow, best line of the episode
					
					
							Edited by TheBastardofBluegrass, 29 April 2013 - 11:34 AM.
3061	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	I hate this episodeIt seemed that everyone's IQ became ZERO!What's going on with Loras? Just forgot Renly, and told every secrets to a sexmate?WTFAnd I hate the scene where Sansa and LF.......I see where you're coming from, and in different circumstances I might have agreed with you. I don't have a problem with Loras moving on (it's been a long time, and I think it's pretty common for folks who have lost their significant other to start casually instead of jumping into another serious relationship), but his being such a chatty cathy would have normally bothered me. However, I was pretty worried about how the show was going to handle the Lannisters learning about Sansa's Tyrell marriage without the Ser Dontos plotline, and I was glad they went this direction instead of having Sansa skip through the castle singing, "Lady Sansa Tyrell!" or something equally stupid.
3062	Ser Frank Haven	2013-04-29	I see where you're coming from, and in different circumstances I might have agreed with you. I don't have a problem with Loras moving on (it's been a long time, and I think it's pretty common for folks who have lost their significant other to start casually instead of jumping into another serious relationship), but his being such a chatty cathy would have normally bothered me. However, I was pretty worried about how the show was going to handle the Lannisters learning about Sansa's Tyrell marriage without the Ser Dontos plotline, and I was glad they went this direction instead of having Sansa skip through the castle singing, "Lady Sansa Tyrell!" or something equally stupid.But that reenforces the Stereotype of Gay males
3063	Lady Lu	2013-04-29	But that reenforces the Stereotype of Gay malesIf straight men were portrayed as monogamous, loving husbands, I might agree. However, straight men in Westeros aren<U+0080><U+0099>t paragons of virtue. Not even Stannis.  Loras comes off looking like a monk in comparison to straight men.  It<U+0080><U+0099>s been how long since Renly died? A year? Longer? If someone watches this scene and sees someone who has been faithful to the memory of their love for [perhaps more than] a year, who finds that he<U+0080><U+0099>s about to be forced to wed to someone whom he could never possibly be attracted to and live his entire life as a facade, who then seeks comfort and sympathy in someone<U+0080><U+0099>s arms and this person thinks, <U+0080><U+009C>yep yep, proof that all gay men are sluts,<U+0080><U+009D> frankly I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think there is any television scene that is going to change his or her underlying attitude.
3064	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-29	But that reenforces the Stereotype of Gay malesWhat stereotype?
3065	Khal Porno	2013-04-29	I'm literally so done with this show. I just... Wow. That's some fucked up shit.(Not in a good way.)Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out!
3066	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Bryan Cogman's role is to keep the show faithful to the books - like seriously, that's pretty much his job description. He's also said in interviews that changes are made by D&D. I'm sure he can suggest changes, but it seems unlikely that he would, and D&D could simply dismiss them anyway. The evidence therefore suggests that this was NOT Cogman's idea.Well Well, I suppose Cogman isnt the purist you've sussed him out to be, eh?"Anyway, I remember reading about a mother who had the hands of her stillborn baby bronzed and kept them on her mantle. That must have been somewhere in the back of my mind, because I woke up one morning thinking about 'GoT' (as I too often do), turned over to my wife and told her about the idea of the three preserved stillborn babies. "Is it too crazy?" I asked. My wife wisely said, "Just write it.  They'll probably cut it, but you might as well go for it." So I did... and they didn't cut it! It was a proud day for me as a writer when I walked on set and saw those magnificently nasty prop dead babies floating in those jars."source: http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.html
3067	Sun	2013-04-30	Well Well, I suppose Cogman isnt the purist you've sussed him out to be, eh?"Anyway, I remember reading about a mother who had the hands of her stillborn baby bronzed and kept them on her mantle. That must have been somewhere in the back of my mind, because I woke up one morning thinking about 'GoT' (as I too often do), turned over to my wife and told her about the idea of the three preserved stillborn babies. "Is it too crazy?" I asked. My wife wisely said, "Just write it.  They'll probably cut it, but you might as well go for it." So I did... and they didn't cut it!It was a proud day for me as a writer when I walked on set and saw those magnificently nasty prop dead babies floating in those jars."source: http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.htmlHa! Classic!Great find, thanks for posting.
3068	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-30	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Well Well, I suppose Cogman isnt the purist you've sussed him out to be, eh?"Anyway, I remember reading about a mother who had the hands of her stillborn baby bronzed and kept them on her mantle. That must have been somewhere in the back of my mind, because I woke up one morning thinking about 'GoT' (as I too often do), turned over to my wife and told her about the idea of the three preserved stillborn babies. "Is it too crazy?" I asked. My wife wisely said, "Just write it.  They'll probably cut it, but you might as well go for it." So I did... and they didn't cut it!It was a proud day for me as a writer when I walked on set and saw those magnificently nasty prop dead babies floating in those jars."source: http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.htmlLove this. Reading that interview, Bryan Cogman seems like he'd be a great guy to have a beer with!I didnt mind the addition of the babies, losing three children would have to unhinge someone to some level surely.Im happy to trust Cogman with the changes he makes.
3069	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	Well Well, I suppose Cogman isnt the purist you've sussed him out to be, eh?"Anyway, I remember reading about a mother who had the hands of her stillborn baby bronzed and kept them on her mantle. That must have been somewhere in the back of my mind, because I woke up one morning thinking about 'GoT' (as I too often do), turned over to my wife and told her about the idea of the three preserved stillborn babies. "Is it too crazy?" I asked. My wife wisely said, "Just write it.  They'll probably cut it, but you might as well go for it." So I did... and they didn't cut it!It was a proud day for me as a writer when I walked on set and saw those magnificently nasty prop dead babies floating in those jars."source: http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.htmlI take a great deal of rather shameful pleasure in knowing that PStormborn was wrong about that.
3070	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-30	I take a great deal of rather shameful pleasure in knowing that PStormborn was wrong about that.Heh.
3071	King of the Road	2013-04-30	Well Well, I suppose Cogman isnt the purist you've sussed him out to be, eh?"Anyway, I remember reading about a mother who had the hands of her stillborn baby bronzed and kept them on her mantle. That must have been somewhere in the back of my mind, because I woke up one morning thinking about 'GoT' (as I too often do), turned over to my wife and told her about the idea of the three preserved stillborn babies. "Is it too crazy?" I asked. My wife wisely said, "Just write it.  They'll probably cut it, but you might as well go for it." So I did... and they didn't cut it!It was a proud day for me as a writer when I walked on set and saw those magnificently nasty prop dead babies floating in those jars."source: http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.htmlHaha! Great find, made my morning with that!
3072	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	Well Well, I suppose Cogman isnt the purist you've sussed him out to be, eh?"Anyway, I remember reading about a mother who had the hands of her stillborn baby bronzed and kept them on her mantle. That must have been somewhere in the back of my mind, because I woke up one morning thinking about 'GoT' (as I too often do), turned over to my wife and told her about the idea of the three preserved stillborn babies. "Is it too crazy?" I asked. My wife wisely said, "Just write it.  They'll probably cut it, but you might as well go for it." So I did... and they didn't cut it!It was a proud day for me as a writer when I walked on set and saw those magnificently nasty prop dead babies floating in those jars."source: http://www.hbo.com/g...yan-cogman.htmlWell in that case I've now lost any respect I had for him. Those babies were incredibly triggering and have once again led to a negative, polarizing portrayal of motherhood rather than the broad spectrum presented in the books.But I'm still right in the sense that it probably wasn't Cogman's decision to shut Selyse away in a tower. That was decided last season
3073	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	So even though the episode was pretty much all from the books, this one detail is enough for you to lose respect for him? Pathetic.
3074	Winter's Knight	2013-04-30	So even though the episode was pretty much all from the books, this one detail is enough for you to lose respect for him? Pathetic.It's a fairly disturbing detail that caricaturises Seleyse. Also, quite a bit of the episode wasn't in the books- the entire Stannis segment, the Loras scenes, Olaenna/Tyrion dialogue. And, in my opinion, all the added bits I've mentioned were terrible and in the case of Seleyse and Lora's, cringeworthy.
3075	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	By what measure was the Olenna Tyrion dialogue "terrible". Perhaps a retread, but not terrible. What was cringeworthy about the Loras scene, and is the addition of the jars why the Selsyse seen was cringeworthy, because otherwise she was very similar to how she was in the books. The pickled babies werent the focus of the scene at all. The scene between Stannis and Shireen was not terrible.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 05:37 AM.
3076	boojam	2013-04-30	I think it interesting that for a thread with so many entries that no one mentioned the very first thing Bryan talked about.
That he, Dave and Dan had just visited George in Santa Fe, must have been last month.
This is the second time for Dave and Dan, and that was some while back.
I think this must mean something important for the show, and it interesting that Cogman was along.
If season 4 is as successful as season 3 , I don't think HBO will hesitate about about a season 5.
But then... I am sure HBO is asking about the end game.
Across even the first three books GRRM set up a big plot movement, at least it seems so. Winter has come and is still coming by the end of ADwD, implying the Others are on the move, this is a threat to all of Westeros.
Plus , at least as George has said, Dave and Dan (I guess now Brian) know the rest of the story.
Novels 4 and 5 have enough material than can be jiggered around , if enough imagination is put in it to make even a season 5 and 6.
For instance we have the breaking of the siege of Meereen looming, that could be a big set piece.
But where, the end of season  5?
As a reader I can ride on GRRM's story telling ability, but turning all that exposition into teleplay ... well it's a problem.
Don't know where George is with WoW.
So am guessing Dave, Dan and Bryan have a plan , season 5 is really going to be restructured, and I don't know how.
My guess is if they can get a wrap in 7 seasons that's it, possibly 6.
Of HBO's 'BIG' (I mean expensive) series they will have gone one season past Dead Wood, two seasons past ROME,
Uncharted territory looms.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2013 - 06:38 AM.
3077	The Flaying Man	2013-04-30	As a reader I can ride on GRRM's story telling ability, but turning all that exposition into teleplay ... well it's a problem.Don't know where George is with WoW.So am guessing Dave, Dan and Bryan have a plan , season 5 is really going to be restructured, and I don't know how.My guess is if they can get a wrap in 7 seasons that's it, possibly 6.Of HBO's 'BIG' (I mean expensive) series they will have gone one season past Dead Wood, two seasons past ROME,Uncharted territory looms.I'm of the same opinion, and I expect the second half of season 4 will involve the beginnings of some arcs in both AFFC and ADWD. It's interesting that Cogman tagged along but Vanessa Taylor didn't, and hopefully this means that Cogman will be given a lot more material to work with next season, and possibly a more authoritative role in the overall structure and running of the show.Season 5 will definitely have to be restructured, and I expect a lot to be cut and shuffled around, much more so than we have seen in the two and a half seasons so far. I'd agree that depending on the material in TWOW and ADOS, added to how the AFFC and ADWD material is handled, the show could very well conclude after its sixth season.If HBO is happy with season 4, I have no doubt we will see the story out to the end on screen. Rome and Deadwood are my two favourite shows, and I ironically find Hearst's departure a wonderfully ambiguous ending...life goes on, a la The Wire and most definitely Treme!
3078	boojam	2013-04-30	I'm of the same opinion, and I expect the second half of season 4 will involve the beginnings of some arcs in both AFFC and ADWD. It's interesting that Cogman tagged along but Vanessa Taylor didn't, and hopefully this means that Cogman will be given a lot more material to work with next season, and possibly a more authoritative role in the overall structure and running of the show.I think, and this happened in season 1, if not before, Bryan Cogman is the number 3 man on the show.Which is interesting since he is the 'book source' guy, Dave and Dan are very knowledgeable but Bryan has always been their go to guy, well he's around for the production shooting and George is not.
3079	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Season 5 will definitely have to be restructured, and I expect a lot to be cut and shuffled around, much more so than we have seen in the two and a half seasons so far. I'd agree that depending on the material in TWOW and ADOS, added to how the AFFC and ADWD material is handled, the show could very well conclude after its sixth season..I agree that Season 5 will definitely have to be restructured, and most of FfC and aDwD cut. I just don't see how aDoS and tWoW could be molded into a single season. Unless George really goes off the deepend, or never finishes, loads things should happen between those two. Then again, I think it's possible that we'll never see DoS, so who knows.
3080	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-30	It's a fairly disturbing detail that caricaturises Seleyse. Also, quite a bit of the episode wasn't in the books- the entire Stannis segment, the Loras scenes, Olaenna/Tyrion dialogue. And, in my opinion, all the added bits I've mentioned were terrible and in the case of Seleyse and Lora's, cringeworthy.You are over reacting. It made Selyse more interesting, rather than the boring, shrill fanatic she is in the novels
3081	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	You are over reacting. It made Selyse more interesting, rather than the boring, shrill fanatic she is in the novelsThis. The only notable thing about Selyse in the books is that she has a moustache. That's it.
3082	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	This. The only notable thing about Selyse in the books is that she has a moustache. That's it.and Florent ears.
3083	Dove	2013-04-30	In terms of tastefulness, Selyse's baby jars really weren't that much worse than Lysa still breastfeeding Robin at age nine or whatever for me. The latter is just immediately accepted because it's a detail from the books, IMO. Both are simply quick ways to demonstrate "whoa this character is more than a little unhinged" and to leave an immediate impression on the reader/watcher.
3084	Rapsie	2013-04-30	The babies in Jars seem like a slightly ham fisted get out clause for Gendry, when they try to burn him because of the King's blood and use the babies in jars instead. I guess they replace the leeches.
3085	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	In terms of tastefulness, Selyse's baby jars really weren't that much worse than Lysa still breastfeeding Robin at age nine or whatever for me. The latter is just immediately accepted because it's a detail from the books, IMO. Both are simply quick ways to demonstrate "whoa this character is more than a little unhinged" and to leave an immediate impression on the reader/watcher.Exactly. If Lysa breastfeeding Robin hadn't been in the books, it would have been blasted for being "triggering" and excessive. The show would be criticized for making her into a caricature(which she is in the books as well). People just like to bury their heads in the sand sometimes, it seems.And I don't think the babies would be burnt. Wouldn't that count as kinslaying in a way, since Stannis would be burning his own flesh and blood? I'm thinking the leeches will be cut from the show, and Melisandre will look to create shadow babies with Gendry, but Davos will smuggle Gendry away before she has the chance to do so.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 01 May 2013 - 12:23 AM.
3086	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-05	Holy thread revival batman.
Back when this thread was ablaze I tried to make a post, but the Westeros server was playing up so I gave up....
It goes to the tirade of comments about mysogyny about the line from Brienne "You're being a woman."
My post was to be that this was a taunt to make Jaime wake up to himself and mirrored an earlier line he had given her. Back after the capture, prior to the attempted rape when he was trying to convince her not to fight he says "If I were a woman I would try to get them to kill me, but I am not a woman thank the gods" (or something to that effect)
After he loses his hand, he gives up on life and attempts to goad them into killing him then trying a hunger strike. Brienne's response is 'You are being a woman' is a clear reference to the earlier line when he wouldn't succumb to that kind of behaviour. It is not about that the behaviour is what a woman would do or that woman are weak or stupid, it is quite clearly, purely throwing his own argument back in his face.
3087	Mr. Bolton	2013-04-29	I am very disappointed with this episode. It is said, that Karstark forces are almost half of the army. I don't think Karstarks have around 9000 men. Another nonsense is, when Robb decides that he will take Casterly Rock. In this how, he just keep wandering from here to there.
After he crossed the Twins ( with Frey forces, save for four hundred garrison) and defeated Jaime ( and unlogically avoided Riverrun), he went to plunder the Westerlands. It is said that he conquered the Crag (which is very close to Casterly Rock) and can't attack on Casterly Rock, because he's short of troops. Then he goes back to Harrenhal (where he must garrison some troops), then during march to the Riverrun he said that he will join Riverrun garrison to his forces.  It does not make sense, to attack Casterly Rock. He has same (even if Frey possible left him after marriage with Talisa) number of troops, maybe even fewer, as he had on Season 2.
3088	Faceless Sam	2013-04-29	i, for one, never felt the books were all that much about military strategy. grrm himself seems to be quite unsure of populations/army sizes.
so this is really a minor inaccuracy for me.
3089	juanml82	2013-04-29	Desesperation. He lost the war in the Blackwater and he's trying to win it somehow. Plans that looked ridiculous back then now look like the only chance to avoid defeat.
3090	intheswamp	2013-04-29	It's a TV show.  It's not supposed to make logical sense.  Plus, it is set in an alternate universe than the books.  Some things are the same, but they're separate entities.  On the TV show, the Karstarks have 9000 men.
Personally, I wish they would spend less time with Robb's story arc as a whole.  He is boring as hell and the love story has been awful.  Never thought I'd doze off during an execution.  I'm starting to look forward to the Red Wedding.
3091	A Real Dire Wolf	2013-04-29	It's kind of just a throwaway line, to be honest. It''s not like it's actually going to happen. He lost the war in the Blackwater and he's trying to win it somehow.Robb did?I'm starting to look forward to the Red Wedding. /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
3092	Tadco26	2013-04-29	It's interesting that his motivation to get the Frey's on his side is to attack Casterly Rock, rather than retake Moat Cailin, which as of this point in the show has never been taken by the Ironborn.  Also that he has zero motivation to go home and reclaim the north.  I agree that being at the Crag with the Freys AND Karstarks on his side still and not attacking Casterly Rock and now thinking that is a good idea with no Karstarks is sloppy writing. 
A good episode over all though, and I have kind of given up on TV Robb since season 2, and agree that at this point I am more of a Frey sympathizer.  Certainly book Robb also betrayed his oath, but at least he recognized he made a mistake, something TV Robb still hasn't acknowledged, and he thought he was doing the "right thing" protecting Jeyne's honor, where Talisa never even mentioned wanting to get married or either one of them caring about her honor. 
Book Robb was several years younger, making a mistake in the aftermath of hearing of his brothers deaths, and didn't make the mistake against the council of his mother and bannermen beforehand.  Anyway, at least this is the last season we will have to deal with him.
3093	A Real Dire Wolf	2013-04-29	at this point I am more of a Frey sympathizer.I said it before and I'll say it again: /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
3094	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	So are they choosing to make Robb want to take Casterly Rock rather than hatch the 3-pronged plan to take the North?
IMHO, the TV show is exposing the flimsiness of the book marriage and it has been suffering from trying to connect everything. At this point, I'm just waiting for the RW and be done with it.
Yes in the books he is angry and frustrated, but can still maintain a level head. In the TV show he is sort of turning into a degenerate gambler, putting everything on crimson and gold
3095	David Selig	2013-04-29	Speaking of troop numbers, didn't the Tyrells have way bigger army in the previous season? Now it's supposed to be only about 16,000.
3096	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	Speaking of troop numbers, didn't the Tyrells have way bigger army in the previous season? Now it's supposed to be only about 16,000.You referring to Queen of Thorns conversation to Tyrion? I was thinking that number was just what they are sort of putting on retainer for the crown. The much higher number was full mobilization. My impression anyway
3097	juanml82	2013-04-29	Robb did?Looking at the big picture, yes he did: Stannis was defeated, the Iron Throne hasn't turned against the Ironborn, leaving him as the only opponent of the combined might of the Ironborn and, more important, Houses Tyrell and Lannister. He's vastly outnumbered, has no allies and his home was taken. In the meantime the Tyrell-Lannister alliance can bid their time, but they will eventually win, if anything, because of superior numbers.
3098	Bizzy	2013-04-29	It's a TV show.  It's not supposed to make logical sense.  Plus, it is set in an alternate universe than the books.  Some things are the same, but they're separate entities.  On the TV show, the Karstarks have 9000 men.I can live with many unlogicals in the show, but Karstark having half of the northern forces is stupid as hell and was unnessecary to mention, the other lords (Mormont, Glover, Umber) get even introduced in Season 1.In the series it's like Winterfell a thousand men (at the start), Manderlys, Mormonts, Umbers and Glovers, too, but the mighty Karhold holds 9000 men...lol...Karstark is the mightiest lord of the entire realm! Just the 7 big lords, when they call their hole region can match the mighty Karstark!
3099	Lord Roivas	2013-04-29	Well it could be half the men that Robb has with him. His men are separated as Roose always had most of his foot.
They did change this from the show though. Littlefinger tells Tywin in Season 2 that after the Starks and Lannisters the Tyrells have the most forces. Anyone who reads the books knows this is way off.
3100	King Lobster	2013-04-29	The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army*, his days are numbered. *= since the war starts.
					
					
							Edited by King Lobster, 29 April 2013 - 03:49 PM.
3101	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I understand why they went with 'half the army', because they had to show the direness of the situation. If only they'd said 'half of his northern forces', if only. 'Cos Karstark having a quarter of the Northern forces (assuming Robb's and Roose's hosts are equally big) could make sense from a show-perspective, him somehow having as much men as all of the North and the Riverlands combined, not so much. If he had had that many men, I don't think that execution would've worked out so well, lol.The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army*, his days are numbered. *= since the war starts.I suppose that's a good way to look at it, but I don't think a lot of people will perceive it that way. I don't recall a mention of the Freys pulling out of the Northern army ever happening.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 03:47 PM.
3102	Sun	2013-04-29	Yes. Taking Casterly Rock only dawning on Robb whilst he's at Riverrun AFTER he had spent the entirety of last season in the West is quite dumb.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 05:33 PM.
3103	Bizzy	2013-04-29	I understand why they went with 'half the army', because they had to show the direness of the situation. If only they'd said 'half of his northern forces', if only. 'Cos Karstark having a quarter of the Northern forces (assuming Robb's and Roose's hosts are equally big) could make sense from a show-perspective, him somehow having as much men as all of the North and the Riverlands combined, not so much. If he had had that many men, I don't think that execution would've worked out so well, lol.But they also already introduced other nothern lords in Season 1, also a Manderly will also appear + the hole Revenge of the North thing from book 5 wouldn't work with the Karstark and Boltons making up such an immense Number.They simple had to shown Freys leaving + Karstarks man and something said, like the Freys took their 4 thousand footmen, with the Karstark gone we lost nearly half of our Heavy cavalery.. that would have nearly the same impact for the show viewer, but this Karstark is the half north makes simply not any sense, even if you view it only at the TV show point of view.
3104	The Dornish Direwolf	2013-04-29	I can live with everything so far mentioned in this thread. TV show adaption of books and all, I can get my head wrapped around why they did this or that.
However, never and I mean NEVER would Stannis allow his wife to keep miscarriaged and unborn babies in GLASS JARS on Dragonstone.  Stannis is a NO NONSENSE ruler, and would NEVER ALLOW that.  Why even add something like this in?  It adds nothing to the show.  Sure, Stannis is a ways out there with the Red God stuff but he never follows it whole heartedly.They are turning TV Stannis into a wimp when in reality he is supposed to be one of the biggest badasses.
					
					
							Edited by The Dornish Direwolf, 29 April 2013 - 04:18 PM.
3105	The squid that squints	2013-04-29	I can live with everything so far mentioned in this thread. TV show adaption of books and all, I can get my head wrapped around why they did this or that.However, never and I mean NEVER would Stannis allow his wife to keep miscarriaged and unborn babies in GLASS JARS on Dragonstone.  Stannis is a NO NONSENSE ruler, and would NEVER ALLOW that.  Why even add something like this in?  It adds nothing to the show.  Sure, Stannis is a ways out there with the Red God stuff but he never follows it whole heartedly.They are turning TV Stannis into a wimp when in reality he is supposed to be one of the biggest badasses.Book Stannis surely doesn't care what his wife does, he really just avoids her the whole time right? I found it believable, he's a badass but ultimately he doesn't really like being around women, it's a deep character flaw, he just doesn't relate, least of all to his wife, he has no way to reason with her or understand her and if anything he probably drove her to her insanity. Also did you notice one of their names was edric? Will they talk about burning the foetus to bring forth a dragon since we have no Edric Storm to play this role yet?
					
					
							Edited by 50 shades of Greyjoy, 29 April 2013 - 04:32 PM.
3106	Red Knight	2013-04-29	i hate what they did to robb, i loved him in the books but this is outrage, also i love tactical aspects of the books and for directors making this mush mess of it is just unacceptable
kill the poor guy and be done with it
great episode othervise
3107	BorhPT	2013-04-29	I'm a bit disappointed with the way Robb's story is going. He's such a wonderful character in the books and I'm sad that the people who haven't read the books can't realize what a great person he was, a great strategist and a good king (IMO). The TV Robb is slowly pushing the viewers away from him. In the first season so many people loved him for what he did, but since Talisa was introduced he's a different character much more confusing and making bad decisions.
I think in the books he only had one bad decision, breaking his promise and marrying Jeyne, but he was so young and in love, it's quite understandable and it actually made me love him more because it showed me he has flaws, like any other character, but he was really trying to amend it and I was seriously rooting for him to be successful.
The TV Robb seems to not care so much about his homeland, his bannermen and his honor. The fact that Greywind has not been seen yet on the 3rd season is so bad. I remember back in time when I was reading and Robb used to think on Greywind and be sad because he couldn't have him at his side so much as he would like. Book Robb was such a lovable character.
IMO In the TV, this storyline is the worst of all. It's so messed up, I can't really understand what is going on, what his he doing and planning and why. The army numbers is another thing that bothers me a lot. it's so confusing. But most of all, it's the worst because it's such a major storyline, that changes the story for almost every character in the books and has (maybe) the biggest impact on the viewers/readers and the story.
Also, D&D's goal was to get to the RW, but with all this changes I think it will just be a 'great' episode but not as half as remarkable as Ned's execution and people won't be so angry and might not even cry for it, which was supposed to (I guess). I don't mind the minor changes on other storylines, but this one was vital, at least for me because Robb was my favorite character, the one I could identify the most with me.
I've been making a sacrifice to like Robb's story in the TV, but I feel that I can't do it anymore. This Robb is making people dislike him and the RW won't have a big effect as they hoped for.
P.S.: I like the actor, I just don't like the character.
					
					
							Edited by BorhPT, 29 April 2013 - 04:50 PM.
3108	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I liked Robb on first read too, but as I re-read he irritated me to no end. He just became such a self-righteous arrogant prick. Especially when he says 'I'm sending Theon. Bye mother. Come, Grey Wind' (his major mistake, even worse than marrying Jeyne imo). He gradually went downhill since he put on that crown as observed by Catelyn, and he blamed his own failures on Edmure, and the whole Jeyne thing remains to this day the dumbest decision in the book ever. 'I did it for honour' ehh, what? Yeah, for honour, but at the same time, you're endangering everyone else that follows you with this decision and breaking a vow, which isn't very honorable either, on the contrary... eh. So no, to me both Robbs aren't exactly all that. The main thing book Robb did have going for him was that first of, of course, he was only a kid, and how right up until the end, he gave the feeling he could defeat the Lannisters and that's why I (and many people with me, no doubt) initially kept rooting for him (before 'defecting' to Stannis after the RW, eh eh), show Robb doesn't really give that impression.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 04:56 PM.
3109	stunningsteve	2013-04-29	Looking at the big picture, yes he did: Stannis was defeated, the Iron Throne hasn't turned against the Ironborn, leaving him as the only opponent of the combined might of the Ironborn and, more important, Houses Tyrell and Lannister. He's vastly outnumbered, has no allies and his home was taken. In the meantime the Tyrell-Lannister alliance can bid their time, but they will eventually win, if anything, because of superior numbers.Ironborn and power in the TV show? I propably have missed that one. Their power came from holding Moat Cailin, but for some reason they cut that out. I honestly don't get it. They just could have mentioned it during Balon's "war-council" with Theon and Asha that Vic is already on his way with the Iron Fleetand the rest happens off-screen. His on-screen debut still could happen before the kingsmoot. In the show they have Deepwood Motte, which has no real worth. I'm not sure if they have Torrhen's Square, but it's only slightly better than DwM. Very impressive. They hold THE NORTH /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />And now TV Robb has to suffer cause of some writers lazyness. The decision to take Casterly Rock instead reclaiming the North was the dumbest thing they could have done. Even crossing the river once more would made a better explanation dealing with the Freys again. But asking for men to take Casterly Rock argghhhh /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
3110	Stag Country	2013-04-29	It was definitely not the most well thought out rationalization, but since they didn't show Robb losing Moat Caitlin (did they even show Cailin at all?)....these seems to be the best way to fix the hash they made of his story.
3111	HouseLark	2013-04-29	i, for one, never felt the books were all that much about military strategy. grrm himself seems to be quite unsure of populations/army sizes.so this is really a minor inaccuracy for me.Yeah, I agree with that. The weakest element of ASoIaF are the tactical elements of the battles. They are visceral and therefore enjoyable to read but Martin's battle scenes aren't in the same league as someone like Bernard Cornwell.
3112	stunningsteve	2013-04-29	It was definitely not the most well thought out rationalization, but since they didn't show Robb losing Moat Caitlin (did they even show Cailin at all?)....these seems to be the best way to fix the hash they made of his story.It was never shown if I remember correctly but mentioned once or twice. Just read here http://gameofthrones...lin#cite_note-2 that the Ironborn hold Moat Cailin. It is supposed to be said on a Season 2 Bluray feature. Anyone who got the BR can confirm this?
3113	David Selig	2013-04-29	The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army*, his days are numbered. *= since the war starts. But before that there was this line from Robb:"The Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces."
3114	juanml82	2013-04-29	Yeah, well, they have to make it dramatic and increase the odds. Far less would be at risk if he said "Karstark and 1/12th of our forces". Most people aren't keeping up with the actual amount of forces, and few even remember the amount of bannermen shown in season 1, most of them who disappear after naming him King of the North.
If anything, it makes his decision to execute him instead of keeping him hostage more controversial. As the show goes, the North's only dubious chance of victory hang on an agreement with House Frey.
The other, rather important, issue, is how much sympathetic Robb Stark and the Northern cause are becoming for the viewers and of that I have my doubts. I don't think the RW will be as much a shock as in the books because the spotlight is in Danny, Tyrion and Arya, not in Robb and Cat.
I would have preferred Greywind chewed a few more fingers instead of the Blackfish punch, but it will have to be added to the rather long list of things HBO can't pull due budget. I guess this series would have been better adapted in a 25 movies long saga or something. TV doesn't seem to be able to cope with the expense of adapting it, and it's way too long and unconventional for movies. A pity.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 29 April 2013 - 05:31 PM.
3115	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-29	Are there any battle tactics in the book? GRRM has a lot of strengths but partially believable battles, even give the fictional context of the Universe, never ever struck me as one of them
3116	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	Robb sucks. Who cares? Normal TV viewers see the show way differently than us.
	Spoiler  He's gonna get it soon anyways, he is in a vulnerable position right now and once the Freys "side" with him viewers will not expect the betrayal. They will probably make it seem hopeful with the Riverlords, Boltons and Freys planning to march on Casterly Rock after the wedding 

					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 06:41 PM.
3117	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	Yes. Taking Casterly Rock only dawning on Robb whilst he's at Riverrun AFTER he had spent the entirety of last season in the West is quite dumb.Fukn christ its stupid, just kill dumb Robb already and put this pathetic attempt at a storyline to bed.
3118	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	I forget, did the Freys fight with him?  When did he lose them on the tv show?
3119	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	I forget, did the Freys fight with him?  When did he lose them on the tv show?I just watched the scene with Cat & Walder.... Frey does give him his men. The writers overlooked that one."His men are yours" her exact words.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 06:53 PM.
3120	shiola	2013-04-29	It's a TV show.  It's not supposed to make logical sense.  Plus, it is set in an alternate universe than the books.  Some things are the same, but they're separate entities.  On the TV show, the Karstarks have 9000 men.Personally, I wish they would spend less time with Robb's story arc as a whole.  He is boring as hell and the love story has been awful.  Never thought I'd doze off during an execution.  I'm starting to look forward to the Red Wedding.I will never understand this.  A character is boring, so their death and the slaughter of their mother and their bannermen is something to look forward to?  The decimation of hope for the North is appropriate because we're sick of Robb scenes and his story with Talisa falls flat?  Wow, that's some Joffrey-level justification there.
3121	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	I forget, did the Freys fight with him?  When did he lose them on the tv show?They just sort of disappear. Or rather I don't really know if they ever appear, despite Cat mentioning that her bargain included Frey troops. IIRC it was 1,000.I think the point the show is making is that House Frey comes with considerably more troops than the Karstarks brought. Such that if they are able to get them back on his side (Frey never really fully offers his arm to Robb  in the show, just sends a small amount of troops as bargained) then they can take CR. This point is fine, really. It's inconsistent with the books but it's not beyond belief that the Freys can offer a large apply to supplement what's left of the Northern army. I'm not really sure why his plan is to attack Casterly Rock though, instead of winning back the North. I guess in the show only Winterfell and Deepwood Motte is lost, but still, even Robb says on the show he can't be King if he can't defend his own lands.They should've just had him hatch the three pronged northern plan with Frey support. The numbers the armies bring are largely irrelevant.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 April 2013 - 06:54 PM.
3122	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	I will never understand this.  A character is boring, so their death and the slaughter of their mother and their bannermen is something to look forward to?  The decimation of hope for the North is appropriate because we're sick of Robb scenes and his story with Talisa falls flat?  Wow, that's some Joffrey-level justification there.I dunno man I'm really looking forward to it because I want to see how it's going to down on the screen. It sets so many other things in motion as well.
3123	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	I dunno man I'm really looking forward to it because I want to see how it's going to down on the screen. It sets so many other things in motion as well.I'm looking forward to it because it's a great scene. Not because Robb's blunders should mean the entire North gets fucked over at the hands of a sociopathic traitor.
3124	shiola	2013-04-29	I dunno man I'm really looking forward to it because I want to see how it's going to down on the screen. It sets so many other things in motion as well.That's not what I'm talking about.  I want to see it, too.  I mean I'm terrified to see it at the same time but gods it's such a big moment, I need to see how it translates.  I don't mind if people are excited for it in that sense.  It's when people say or insinuate that the RW is justified or even good because of Robb's trainwreck of a story that I get confused and a bit put off.  Maybe I view the characters as too real, and feel too much sympathy, I don't know.  But hating Robb's storyline and thinking he's a tool are so different than thinking he brought something as terrible as the RW upon himself.  Yes, he brought his own death upon himself.  But his mothers, and his bannermen, and his troop, and the entire hope for the North?  No.  Not in the slightest.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 29 April 2013 - 07:04 PM.
3125	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-29	I will never understand this.  A character is boring, so their death and the slaughter of their mother and their bannermen is something to look forward to?  The decimation of hope for the North is appropriate because we're sick of Robb scenes and his story with Talisa falls flat?  Wow, that's some Joffrey-level justification there. Is it really? They aren't real people so appropriate feelings are towards whether you want to keep watching them
3126	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	They just sort of disappear. Or rather I don't really know if they ever appear, despite Cat mentioning that her bargain included Frey troops. IIRC it was 1,000.I think the point the show is making is that House Frey comes with considerably more troops than the Karstarks brought. Such that if they are able to get them back on his side (Frey never really fully offers his arm to Robb  in the show, just sends a small amount of troops as bargained) then they can take CR. This point is fine, really. It's inconsistent with the books but it's not beyond belief that the Freys can offer a large apply to supplement what's left of the Northern army. I'm not really sure why his plan is to attack Casterly Rock though, instead of winning back the North. I guess in the show only Winterfell and Deepwood Motte is lost, but still, even Robb says on the show he can't be King if he can't defend his own lands.They should've just had him hatch the three pronged northern plan with Frey support. The numbers the armies bring are largely irrelevant.Its inconsistent.  There was every indication that the Freys already joined Robb.Anyway, i want show robb to die because the whole storyline is a disaster.  He takes his army from the west to HH to lay siege to an empty freakin castle.  Then he marches them back to RR for a funeral.  Then he decides ( with the amazing wartime council of a nurse/wife) that he must go back west with a significantly smaller force to fight tywin.  But wait, his solution is to go back to a guy he completely betrayed and beg for some troops.  Of course this is immediately after he executes his biggest ally for betraying him.WTF?!?!?!?!?!??!??
3127	Currawong	2013-04-29	Yes. Taking Casterly Rock only dawning on Robb whilst he's at Riverrun AFTER he had spent the entirety of last season in the West is quite dumb.  Except that for most of last season, a large part of the Lannister forces were also in the west - Tywin only brought them east to KL before Blackwater, arriving just in time along with the Tyrells.   Robb marching on Casterly Rock then would not have made any sense at all.   Anyway, I agree with others.  Battle scenes and tactics are generally not GRRM's strong point, and the nitty gritty details of those are not that important to the show.   I'd say most viewers really couldn't care less about exact numbers of forces, precise maps and so on.   They're not watching details of the Normandy invasion in WW2 on History channel!!   The main thing the writers needed to show about Robb executing Karstark was that it added to the disaffection within his own forces and resulted in him losing a significant number of troops.  It really doesn't matter whether he's lost 25%, 30% or 50% - the main issue is that his overall forces have been weakened, and he is now facing issues within his own side which are largely of his own making.  Plus of course we know from last week that dear Edmure's action in leaving Riverrun on his little glory expedition has lost another few hundred knights.
3128	shiola	2013-04-29	I was like 99% sure the Freys had already sent men with Robb.  Didn't Cat say that he would get Frey men "save the 400 staying here to guard the castle" or something like that?
3129	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	That's not what I'm talking about.  I want to see it, too.  I mean I'm terrified to see it at the same time but gods it's such a big moment, I need to see how it translates.  I don't mind if people are excited for it in that sense.  It's when people say or insinuate that the RW is justified or even good because of Robb's trainwreck of a story that I get confused and a bit put off.  Maybe I view the characters as too real, and feel too much sympathy, I don't know.  But hating Robb's storyline and thinking he's a tool are so different than thinking he brought something as terrible as the RW upon himself.  Yes, he brought his own death upon himself.  But his mothers, and his bannermen, and his troop, and the entire hope for the North?  No.  Not in the slightest.Its more of Robb putting all those people in that position.  I have this thing in my head where things I watch have to make sense.  If they don't, I just hope and root for tragedy for the show goofballs.  Basically, all I do in every Robb scene is laugh at how dumb everything is, I want the RW over so that negativity doesnt spill over.
3130	juanml82	2013-04-29	Well, in the show the North has, through Bolton's bastard 'reconquered' Winterfell, at least in the sense that there are no more Ironborn there, even if they are believed to have put the castle to the torch.
There are probably more Ironborn loose in the North, but the capitol has been, technically, recovered.
3131	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Its inconsistent.  There was every indication that the Freys already joined Robb.Anyway, i want show robb to die because the whole storyline is a disaster.  He takes his army from the west to HH to lay siege to an empty freakin castle.  Then he marches them back to RR for a funeral.  Then he decides ( with the amazing wartime council of a nurse/wife) that he must go back west with a significantly smaller force to fight tywin.  But wait, his solution is to go back to a guy he completely betrayed and beg for some troops.  Of course this is immediately after he executes his biggest ally for betraying him.WTF?!?!?!?!?!??!??Well, I think the point is that Cat gets a tiny amount of Freys to join Robb. I'd have to check but I think it was a thousand. I suppose the show is alluding to the fact that House Frey has significantly more troops to offer and with them, Robb will have more than made up for his losses by beheading Rickard Karstark.In the books we have him going to Walder Frey to cross into the North, but also to win them back as allies by offering Edmure not only as redemption, but also to secure allegiance. So the point here is that he will once again secure allegiance with them but also convince them that they can take Casterly Rock. It's not a good plan by any means, but I don't think the numbers are really inconsistent, it's the reasoning that's pretty poor. I don't get why they didn't just have him returning North, but that's probably because he believes Bolton's  bastard  to have successfully returned to Winterfell's ruins ...But the whole "We're going home" thing I thought was more powerful than "We're going to prolong this battle and still probably lose."
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 April 2013 - 07:19 PM.
3132	Zman1863	2013-04-29	The way the show is laying the foundation for why Robb ends up at the Twins is indeed clumsy to book readers, but I think it's too minor to get upset about. They are having Robb go for Casterly Rock rather than to retake the north because other than what he have seen from Theon's point of view, very little has been said about the impact of the Ironmen. They have also already established through reports by Bolton that Winterfell was retaken but found destroyed. I think they believe that it will be too confusing for people first coming to the story if there are somehow enough Northmen left to have retaken Winterfell but that most of the north is still cut off from Robb's army. It seems they think it will be simpler to frame the story that Robb is going to the Twins to make amends with Frey in order to make one more push to win the war he's been fighting against the Lannisters rather than the book story where he is essentially putting the Lannisters on hiatus so he can deal with the Ironmen. 
With the Freys, I would have preferred that early in this season it would have been made clear that he already had them with his host but that they quit and went home on his marriage. They way things are now, the seem to be saying that the Freys didn't send their troops to Robb. It might be believable that a Lord who previously sent you his troops and took them back because of an insult might send them back again after an apology. But if he didn't give Robb his troops when he had the marriage pact, why would anyone believe that he would dangle his troops in front of Robb now that the contract has been broken. It makes what is going to happen much more predictable, although I still doubt that any non book readers will sense anything amiss.
3133	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	The way the show is laying the foundation for why Robb ends up at the Twins is indeed clumsy to book readers, but I think it's too minor to get upset about. They are having Robb go for Casterly Rock rather than to retake the north because other than what he have seen from Theon's point of view, very little has been said about the impact of the Ironmen. They have also already established through reports by Bolton that Winterfell was retaken but found destroyed. I think they believe that it will be too confusing for people first coming to the story if there are somehow enough Northmen left to have retaken Winterfell but that most of the north is still cut off from Robb's army. It seems they think it will be simpler to frame the story that Robb is going to the Twins to make amends with Frey in order to make one more push to win the war he's been fighting against the Lannisters rather than the book story where he is essentially putting the Lannisters on hiatus so he can deal with the Ironmen. With the Freys, I would have preferred that early in this season it would have been made clear that he already had them with his host but that they quit and went home on his marriage. They way things are now, the seem to be saying that the Freys didn't send their troops to Robb. It might be believable that a Lord who previously sent you his troops and took them back because of an insult might send them back again after an apology. But if he didn't give Robb his troops when he had the marriage pact, why would anyone believe that he would dangle his troops in front of Robb now that the contract has been broken. It makes what is going to happen much more predictable, although I still doubt that any non book readers will sense anything amiss.Personally, I dont care about non-book readers.  I dont jusge the show from their perspective.  Being that I have read the books, all I can do us laugh at how horribly the show plot is written.  Ive lost respect for the entire Robb Stark storyline and as a result, i care less for the Starks as a whole.
3134	Tadco26	2013-04-29	I will never understand this.  A character is boring, so their death and the slaughter of their mother and their bannermen is something to look forward to?  The decimation of hope for the North is appropriate because we're sick of Robb scenes and his story with Talisa falls flat?  Wow, that's some Joffrey-level justification there.It's just hard to blame the Freys for "betraying" tv Robb, when he betrayed them first and they haven't included the Freys on the show since season 1.  We don't have the Freys with Bolton telling him that Robb is lost and that someone needs to convince him to give up.  We don't have the Big and Little Walder at winterfell being jackasses.  We don't have Elmar Frey treating Arya like crap when she was really the "princess" he was pledged to at Harrenhal.  That doesn't mean that they all deserve to die in a real world situation, but in the TV world it's hard to feel the Freys are really bad guys for not rejoining the already losing a-hole who broke his oath to them on a whim.  At least book Robb realized he made a huge mess of things with his decision, which was made as a teen who just lost both of his brothers, and made the decision because he thought he was doing the right thing with no council.  He is also trying to think of ways to repair it from the time he tells Catelyn about his marriage to Jeyne.  TV Robb doesn't even seem cognizant that he did anything wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 29 April 2013 - 08:17 PM.
3135	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-29	Personally, I dont care about non-book readers.  I dont jusge the show from their perspective.  Being that I have read the books, all I can do us laugh at how horribly the show plot is written.  Ive lost respect for the entire Robb Stark storyline and as a result, i care less for the Starks as a whole.THISEveryone keeps spouting this bs about "Oh its a tv show. I don't expect it to be logical..." WTF.  Or "the show isn't meant to adhere to the books"...ummmm OKAY. So what the hell is the point of the show? To present an alternate universe of Westeros?One where certain characters and entire storylines just simply don't exist? And others just come out of thin air?
3136	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	THISOr "the show isn't meant to adhere to the books"...ummmm OKAY. So what the hell is the point of the show? To present an alternate universe of Westeros?One where certain characters and entire storylines just simply don't exist? And others just come out of thin air?The point is to adapt the novels into a show that is strictly good television. Not to translate verbatim what happens in books to television. Because taking a book and transcribing it perfectly to a TV series is impossible and not necessarily the best thing to do. If you just want the books 100%, then unfortunately you have to read the books.
3137	Tadco26	2013-04-29	I understand and accept that everything won't match exactly with the books, but what is the point of changing numbers of troops, which they don't show the battles for anyway.  Keeping the same numbers as the books doesn't seem to make much sense or save them any money or time.  And certainly being a TV show that has to change some things in the adaptation doesn't justify making new story lines that don't make sense.
3138	shiola	2013-04-29	THISEveryone keeps spouting this bs about "Oh its a tv show. I don't expect it to be logical..." WTF.  Or "the show isn't meant to adhere to the books"...ummmm OKAY. So what the hell is the point of the show? To present an alternate universe of Westeros?One where certain characters and entire storylines just simply don't exist? And others just come out of thin air?It's not "BS" and if you truly do not understand that, then why do you even watch it?  You don't seem to enjoy it much.  The concept of interpretation seems to be a bit over your head.
3139	teemo	2013-04-29	I understand why it's not 100% following the books, but yes, parts of it are a bit ludicrous.  I have a friend that completely turned on Robb (who she used to love) last night (hasn't read the books) because she doesn't understand why he doesn't care about the Ironmen or recapturing the north.  She feels like he doesn't know what the hell he's doing, his plans to get the Freys to help are ridiculous considering he betrayed them, and she feels like he doesn't care at all about his family and that Arya and Sansa are still (supposedly) being held captive in KL.  She even said, "I hope someone kills him now."  Ouch.  And she LOVED him pre-Talisa.She's even astute enough to say, "The Karstarks are HALF of his bannermen????"  She felt the writing was sloppy and that it was nonsensical, and she doesn't even read the books!However...since Robb's end is near, in the grand scheme of things I guess his exact battles plans aren't a huge deal, although for some people like my friend above, they are - because they don't make sense.  To most people though, they probably didn't even notice.  And the way they did it last night was an easy way to bring the Freys to people's minds again and he even reminded us that he was supposed to marry a Frey girl.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 29 April 2013 - 08:42 PM.
3140	scurvy	2013-04-29	Twyin says, "the Young Wolf has lost half his army."
I think I've figured it out.  Karstarks are headed back North.  The Freys abandoned him (Robb says they haven't yet committed to the Lannisters yet), but they also are no longer supporting Robb.  And, Tywin knows the Boltons have abandoned Robb too.  That's three of his largest bannermen.  Plus any losses he's suffered in the field.
Now, granted this doesn't totally add up compared to the book totals- but the Umbers don't have a lot of men given their physical location, nary a mention of Manderly yet.  Reeds haven't committed any men.  Mormont also a very small house.  Glover appeared with Greatjon in Season 1.
The Riverlands are a forgotten land and presumably are not considered Robb's army for these purposes. They are the Tully army.  But, the rest of the Riverlands are in shambles, so the army must be considered scattered.  Plus, the three largest castles are Harenhal, now under Bolton, Riverrun, and the Twins.
3141	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	At this point I don't even think non-readers know what houses/forces even remain to Robb. I barely even know and I've watched and read way too many times.
3142	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	For you folks that are questioning why TV Robb didn't go home to Winterfell, why doesn't book Robb go immediately home to Winterfell?  Certainly the book justifications were just as suspect as the TV justifications.
Some of you guys are really funny.  Troop counts?  Seriously? How in the world is that relevant?
FTR, anyone who says "I don't care about the non-book readers" probably shouldn't waste their time watching the show.
3143	Reposado	2013-04-29	Twyin says, "the Young Wolf has lost half his army."I think I've figured it out.  Karstarks are headed back North.  The Freys abandoned him (Robb says they haven't yet committed to the Lannisters yet), but they also are no longer supporting Robb.  And, Tywin knows the Boltons have abandoned Robb too.  That's three of his largest bannermen.  Plus any losses he's suffered in the field.Now, granted this doesn't totally add up compared to the book totals- but the Umbers don't have a lot of men given their physical location, nary a mention of Manderly yet.  Reeds haven't committed any men.  Mormont also a very small house.  Glover appeared with Greatjon in Season 1.The Riverlands are a forgotten land and presumably are not considered Robb's army for these purposes. They are the Tully army.  But, the rest of the Riverlands are in shambles, so the army must be considered scattered.  Plus, the three largest castles are Harenhal, now under Bolton, Riverrun, and the Twins.doesnt robb also say that the karstarks took almost half his armyIt's not "BS" and if you truly do not understand that, then why do you even watch it?  You don't seem to enjoy it much.  The concept of interpretation seems to be a bit over your head.so we shouldnt   expect a show to be logical?
3144	shiola	2013-04-29	At this point I don't even think non-readers know what houses/forces even remain to Robb. I barely even know and I've watched and read way too many times.He has Talisa... and..  And...
3145	shiola	2013-04-29	so we shouldnt   expect a show to be logical?That's not the part I was replying to.  Perhaps I should have bolded it or been more clear.  I was responding more to the notion that the show should follow the books very closely, and not make up its own characters, etc
3146	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	so we shouldnt   expect a show to be logical?Logical in what way?  The show is only required to be logical within the context of the show, not the books.  It tries, as hard as possible, to be consistent with the books but that isn't always possible.  When you start talking about troop totals, particularly given how vague GRRM tended to be about troop totals, you have clearly lost the plot.Perhaps D&D are simply trying to create stakes that make Robb's his decision to parlay with Frey make sense?  Because without the books constant reminders of how guests of a home are protected by the lord of the home, Robb's decision to trust Frey makes NO SENSE.  And to convey that in the show would take far too much screen time and would come across as horribly obvious.
3147	juanml82	2013-04-29	For you folks that are questioning why TV Robb didn't go home to Winterfell, why doesn't book Robb go immediately home to Winterfell?  Certainly the book justifications were just as suspect as the TV justifications.Because Winterfell is already in Northerners hands, unless you mean why he isn't surrendering.
3148	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	For you folks that are questioning why TV Robb didn't go home to Winterfell, why doesn't book Robb go immediately home to Winterfell?  Certainly the book justifications were just as suspect as the TV justifications.Some of you guys are really funny.  Troop counts?  Seriously? How in the world is that relevant?FTR, anyone who says "I don't care about the non-book readers" probably shouldn't waste their time watching the show.\\Book Robb essentially did go straight back to winterfell from the Crag where he found out about the Sack of WF and the deaths of his brothers.  he went back to RR, for amoung many reasons to get his mother.
3149	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-29	So according to the show, House Karstark worships the Seven and controls half of the North  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3150	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	Logical in what way?  The show is only required to be logical within the context of the show, not the books.  It tries, as hard as possible, to be consistent with the books but that isn't always possible.  When you start talking about troop totals, particularly given how vague GRRM tended to be about troop totals, you have clearly lost the plot.Perhaps D&D are simply trying to create stakes that make Robb's his decision to parlay with Frey make sense?  Because without the books constant reminders of how guests of a home are protected by the lord of the home, Robb's decision to trust Frey makes NO SENSE.  And to convey that in the show would take far too much screen time and would come across as horribly obvious.Why should Robb have to parley with Lord Frey for troops that are already in his army.  Cause they are if you have been following the show.
3151	SerMixalot	2013-04-29	So according to the show, House Karstark worships the Seven and controls half of the North  As a true northerner would saySEVEN HELLS!
3152	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	\\Book Robb essentially did go straight back to winterfell from the Crag where he found out about the Sack of WF and the deaths of his brothers.  he went back to RR, for amoung many reasons to get his mother.My bad.  I misremembered that part.
3153	flyerhawk	2013-04-29	Why should Robb have to parley with Lord Frey for troops that are already in his army.  Cause they are if you have been following the show.I don't recall Robb referencing the Freys in any way on Sunday.  Did I miss that?   We don't really know why he will go to Frey at this point.  We just know he wants to go Casterly Rock.
3154	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-29	Does anyone else basically lie to their non-reader friends about things like this, in order to make the show make more sense?I told my friend that the Freys have already deserted Robb in the show, even though it is unclear whether they were marching with him to begin with. I also said that the Karstarks are half of what's left of the Northern force, after Robb fought all those battles last season.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 29 April 2013 - 11:10 PM.
3155	shiola	2013-04-29	Does anyone else basically lie to their non-reader friends about things like this, in order to make the show make more sense?I told my friend that the Freys have already deserted Robb in the show, even though it is unclear whether they were marching with him to begin with. I also said that the Karstarks are half of what's left of the Northern force, after Robb fought all those battles last season.I don't lie.  I just say I honestly don't know what the fuck is going on, and just reiterate what I've seen on forums and stuff.  Or I say vague stuff like, "Well the Freys are pretty pissed."
3156	Stag Country	2013-04-29	The point is to adapt the novels into a show that is strictly good television. Not to translate verbatim what happens in books to television. Because taking a book and transcribing it perfectly to a TV series is impossible and not necessarily the best thing to do. If you just want the books 100%, then unfortunately you have to read the books.You can successfully do that with writing a piss poor story.  It's just outright bad  production to have forgotten a crucial narrative like this from an earlier season.
3157	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	You can successfully do that with writing a piss poor story.  It's just outright bad  production to have forgotten a crucial narrative like this from an earlier season.I agree, at least with the second part. But the show requires only perfect continuity within the show. Anything from the source material can be changed without necessarily affecting the quality of the show for the worse. That being said they dropped the ball on the Freys. But that wasn't the point of my post you quoted.
3158	The Killer Snark	2013-04-30	Robb is not the military genius in the TV series that he is in the books. I've gotten used to that. The Karstark troop numbers and his chaotic planning seemed off to me as well, but it seemed like a necessary oversimplification thrown in to speed the Red Wedding on.
3159	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	I also said that the Karstarks are half of what's left of the Northern force, after Robb fought all those battles last season.I think that's not a lie. I think that's EXACTLY what Robb meant.
3160	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	So according to the show, House Karstark worships the Seven and controls half of the North  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Karstark worships the seven in the show? When was that brought up?What is the issue with making the Karstark's more powerful? It's just simplification for TV, and it makes Robb's situation more desperate.They really should bring up the fact that the Frey's abandoned Robb, otherwise that makes little sense.I suppose Casterly Rock wasnt an option before because of Tywin's forces? Not sure about that one. I think it's still possible that we'll hear about Moat Cailin soon. Maybe even a Victarion mention.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 02:23 AM.
3161	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	I hate Superman, because people can't fly in real life.  Just because a movie shows me a character flying and people talk about him flying, I'm just supposed to accept that he can fly?  BULLSHIT.
Come on, people.  The only thing that's important is "the Karstarks are vitally important allies, and their loss is a huge problem."
3162	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	All of the North stuff has been very underwhelming since season two, from the Night's Watch, to Bran, and down to Robb's army.  Some of that can't be helped, as the witty dialogue found in the politics down south translates better on screen than some of the things that made the Northern stuff interesting.  Also, it doesn't help that all four Lannisters are acting the pants off everyone else in this series.  Unfortunately they make the others look bad because they're so good.
3163	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I agree, underwhelming. I still enjoy it though. That said, Robb's scenes this episode were good, the beheading was so eerie and incredible. I cheered when he took off Karstark's head.
The main issue is Bran though. He is, sad to say, BORING. In both the books and show, and I just can't see how this is going to be remedied. H really just doesnt have that interesting an arc for SoS, he's barely in FfC and DwD, I have no idea what he'll do for Season 4 and 5, even with the Reeds appearing late.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 02:39 AM.
3164	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	Bran's POV has the only saving grace of Hodor comic relief.  They don't seem to be going this route in the show, as I gather making fun of fools and oafs is the biggest taboo for the series.  This is understandable.  But it means that there is no hope for Bran on TV.  None at all.
3165	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Maybe they could make Jojen and Meera more interesting? Meera is hardly a character in the books, and Jojen is kinda dull. Also, it doesnt look like Osha will be leaving just yet, so that should keep things interesting. The way they were introduced in episode 2 was pretty fairly dramatic., it gives me some hope.
3166	teemo	2013-04-30	Karstark worships the seven in the show? When was that brought up?I think some people are saying that because he said something in the second season about how he "swore on the seven...." regarding something with Jaime.  I think. I can't really remember.
3167	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	Wait, arithmetical errors are your biggest gripe with the episode?
3168	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	It's a TV show.  It's not supposed to make logical sense.But good TV shows should make "logical sense", which is why Game of Thrones will never be one of the best TV shows. There are just too many plot-holes and glaring inconsistencies.It's a real shame, because season one had great potential.I will never understand this.  A character is boring, so their death and the slaughter of their mother and their bannermen is something to look forward to?  The decimation of hope for the North is appropriate because we're sick of Robb scenes and his story with Talisa falls flat?  Wow, that's some Joffrey-level justification there.The North scenes are a travesty. So yeah, I'm looking forward to the Red Wedding too, so I don't have to watch with frustration as the Northern story continues to be butchered.The point is to adapt the novels into a show that is strictly good television. Not to translate verbatim what happens in books to television. Because taking a book and transcribing it perfectly to a TV series is impossible and not necessarily the best thing to do. If you just want the books 100%, then unfortunately you have to read the books.Taking a book and transcribing it perfectly to a TV series may not always be the best thing to do, but it's certainly better than what we've got with Robb's storyline: plot-holes, inconsistencies, and completely unlikeable characters.Maybe they could make Jojen and Meera more interesting? Meera is hardly a character in the books, and Jojen is kinda dull. Also, it doesnt look like Osha will be leaving just yet, so that should keep things interesting. The way they were introduced in episode 2 was pretty fairly dramatic., it gives me some hope.I'm sorry but over the last few days I keep seeing you write this about non-POV characters. And I just have to wonder... why do you bother reading such complex books if you're not going to pay attention to non-POV characters? Meera is a fully fleshed out character, but she's told from the perspective of a 9-year old. She's not as important as Bran to the narrative of course, but she's still a complex character in her own right.
3169	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	While I didn't have any problem with Robb killing Karstark in the book. If I was in showrobb's shoes and knew that half my army would leave if I killed their lord. I think i'd choose option b and  put him in a cell. I don't really understand why they would change Robb's reason for going to the twins anyway. Nothing wrong with trying to take back your homeland imo.
3170	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	While I didn't have any problem with Robb killing Karstark in the book. If I was in showrobb's shoes and knew that half my army would leave if I killed their lord. I think i'd choose option b and  put him in a cell. I don't really understand why they would change Robb's reason for going to the twins anyway. Nothing wrong with trying to take back your homeland imo.It makes even less sense considering that, two episodes ago, Robb shouted at Edmure for wasting men because "We need our men more than Tywin needs his".
3171	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	which is why Game of Thrones will never be one of the best TV shows. There are just too many plot-holes and glaring inconsistencies.You do not get to judge what qualifies as "one of the best TV shows". You don't have to like it. Millions of others do.
3172	Currawong	2013-04-30	It makes even less sense considering that, two episodes ago, Robb shouted at Edmure for wasting men because "We need our men more than Tywin needs his".Well, it does make perfect sense when you remember that Robb is just like Ned and is 'honorable' to the point of complete stupidity.   Just like his father he can be as thick as a couple of planks when it comes to some of the hard practical aspects of diplomacy and managing people, but hey!  he's a Stark so he must be OK.  Isn't that right?   I get the impression that viewers were meant to think his action didn't make any sense given what he said to Edmure, which was why the other members of his family were so disturbed and concerned at his decision.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 30 April 2013 - 05:45 AM.
3173	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I'm sorry but over the last few days I keep seeing you write this about non-POV characters. And I just have to wonder... why do you bother reading such complex books if you're not going to pay attention to non-POV characters? Meera is a fully fleshed out character, but she's told from the perspective of a 9-year old. She's not as important as Bran to the narrative of course, but she's still a complex character in her own right.I've written about three characters. Selyse, Loras and Meera. Loras is debatable, but I refuse to accept that Selyse and Meera are complex characters. Selyse is a one-note fanatic with a mustache, who is only shown as such. What complexity does Meera have? There are tons of Non-POV character that are fleshed out (Robb, Stannis, Jorah, Lysa, Tywin to name a few), those two are certainly not one of them.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 05:45 AM.
3174	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	The point is to adapt the novels into a show that is strictly good television. Not to translate verbatim what happens in books to television. Because taking a book and transcribing it perfectly to a TV series is impossible and not necessarily the best thing to do. If you just want the books 100%, then unfortunately you have to read the books.Starks, Boltons, Karstarks, Freys Tullys, Blackwoods,  Umbers but Karstarks are half.  IDGAF about actual numbers, just make it make some goddam sense.  Its impossible to make sense now though because NOTHING Robb has done yet this season andmost of last makes any sense at all.I wonder if anyone is curious as to where Greatjohn is that has seen the whole series but not read the books.  I also wonder why they gave Jon the Freys in season 1 or 2 and now they are no longer with him.  How does one do that?
3175	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	You do not get to judge what qualifies as "one of the best TV shows". You don't have to like it. Millions of others do.Of course he does.  Its his opinion.Just because a lot of people like something doesnt mean its good.  Hell, millions uponmillions of people like Soulja Boy for some reason.  Marketing driven viewership hardly denotes quality work in general.
3176	Talbot	2013-04-30	But screwing up a completely minor and practically irrelevant detail like the Karstarks forces (which is tossed around in the book like a sloppy pizza) doesn't make the show worse.
Unless you let it.
3177	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Well, it does make perfect sense when you remember that Robb is just like Ned and is 'honorable' to the point of complete stupidity.   Just like his father he can be as thick as a couple of planks when it comes to some of the hard practical aspects of diplomacy and managing people, but hey!  he's a Stark so he must be OK.  Isn't that right?   I get the impression that viewers were meant to think his action didn't make any sense given what he said to Edmure, which was why the other members of his family were so disturbed and concerned at his decision.Maybe they are really pushing the robb's bad at politics thing. him marrying Talisa is actually  a worse mistake in the show than in the book. in the book it seemed to be like robb didn't know just how big of a mistake he was making. in the show he had Cat's advice of not to piss off the freys and Walder in particular and then dilibrately goes against that advice.
3178	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Of course he does.  Its his opinion.Just because a lot of people like something doesnt mean its good.  Hell, millions uponmillions of people like Soulja Boy for some reason.  Marketing driven viewership hardly denotes quality work in general.Well, popular success and critical success generally indicate quality. GoT has both.
3179	David Selig	2013-04-30	While I didn't have any problem with Robb killing Karstark in the book. If I was in showrobb's shoes and knew that half my army would leave if I killed their lord. I think i'd choose option b and  put him in a cell. I don't really understand why they would change Robb's reason for going to the twins anyway. Nothing wrong with trying to take back your homeland imo. Yeah, the way it played in the books made far more sense. The Karstarks men had already left by the time Rickard is arrested, and there were only 300 of them. Even if we assume their foot soldiers who were with Roose would desert too, that's still only about 1000-1500, pretty small part of the overall army. Losing them is still a blow, but not a decisive one. Besides, two Tully guards were killed too in the books, allowing this to go unpunished would've caused serious friction between the Riverlanders and the Northerners.
3180	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	Of course he does.  Its his opinion.Just because a lot of people like something doesnt mean its good.  Hell, millions uponmillions of people like Soulja Boy for some reason.  Marketing driven viewership hardly denotes quality work in general.Obviously he is capable of forming an opinion, yes. But his opinion is not objective as he seems to believe.Nothing creates a fanbase as huge and as dedicated as what GoT has without being brilliant. Lots of people like and casually watch crappy shows, but these shows never have the critical acclaim and immensely high average ratings, for instance, as this.
3181	YTDN	2013-04-30	I usually don't get wound up about changes in the show, but this one does puzzle me. In interviews Richard Madden has said that Robb's motivation is to go home, and his biggest fear is to win the war but to be left sitting alone on a throne with no family or anything- for this whole war to be for nothing. That is consistent with the characterisation in Season 2, so I wonder why in Season 3 they decided to have Robb go after Casterly Rock rather than turn back to retake the North, especially since some non-readers have seen this as a negative mark on his character.
Something I think they might do later in the season is for Robb to change his mind about Casterly Rock (possibly after hearing about Balon Greyjoy's death, which I think will happen in Episode 8) and be persuaded, by his mother or Talisa (or both!) to basically cut his losses and go home (Sansa would be married at this point, so that could be an extra motivation- he's basically lost his entire family at this point). However, there aren't that many episodes left and this could be seen as flip-flopping. I dunno, I just find the sudden change in Robb's motivation puzzling.
3182	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	You do not get to judge what qualifies as "one of the best TV shows". You don't have to like it. Millions of others do. There's a difference between a "good" TV show and an "enjoyable" TV show. GoT is (most of the time) the latter because it has too many inconsistencies and plot-holes to be the former. In contrast, season one was the former.
3183	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	There's a difference between a "good" TV show and an "enjoyable" TV show. GoT is (most of the time) the latter because it has too many inconsistencies and plot-holes to be the former. In contrast, season one was the former.You're right, I don't think GoT is a good TV show. I think it's a wonderful TV show.
3184	David Selig	2013-04-30	Nothing creates a fanbase as huge and as dedicated as what GoT has without being brilliant.What the hell? It happens all the time. What about Twilight, Justin Bieber, Dan Brown and all the other ultrapopular hacks and hackworks?
3185	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	What the hell? It happens all the time. What about Twilight, Justin Bieber, Dan Brown and all the other ultrapopular hacks and hackworks?Nothing creates a fanbase full of adults, then.
3186	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	There's a difference between a "good" TV show and an "enjoyable" TV show. GoT is (most of the time) the latter because it has too many inconsistencies and plot-holes to be the former. In contrast, season one was the former.Thing is, you have to judge this against other TV shows. You may not like the show, but it would be a struggle to find 20 dramas currently on air that are better than Game of Thrones. Most TV is shit. And the massive critical succes, coupled with massive popular support does imply that it is a good TV show.
3187	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	What the hell? It happens all the time. What about Twilight, Justin Bieber, Dan Brown and all the other ultrapopular hacks and hackworks?You have no idea how many times aSoIaF books are put in lists of crappy stuff. By competent people. VERY competent people. People with taste in books. The answer is as silly as it looks: it's all a matter of taste.
3188	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	Thing is, you have to judge this against other TV shows. You may not like the show, but it would be a struggle to find 20 dramas currently on air that are better than Game of Thrones. Most TV is shit. And the massive critical succes, coupled with massive popular support does imply that it is a good TV show.Exactly. Have a look at this: http://www.imdb.com/..._type=tv_seriesOther highly rated shows include Breaking Bad, Sherlock, Firefly and The Wire. Is anyone going to say they are not "good shows"?
3189	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Nothing creates a fanbase full of adults, then. American Idol?  Whats that ridiculous Vampire show on HBO?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 30 April 2013 - 06:17 AM.
3190	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	American Idol?OK, fine. But to be fair, I did stipulate "critical acclaim and immensely high average ratings".
3191	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Exactly. Have a look at this: http://www.imdb.com/..._type=tv_seriesOther highly rated shows include Breaking Bad, Sherlock, Firefly and The Wire. Is anyone going to say they are not "good shows"?Well, as long as there are people who get upset because "The Eyrie should have been three meters higher" or "Robb's hair should have been chocolate brown, not coffee brown, CHARACTER ASSASSINATION!", there will be people who say GoT isn't a good show.
3192	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Well, popular success and critical success generally indicate quality. GoT has both.Doesnt mean Patrick can't have his opinion on the show.
3193	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	OK, fine. But to be fair, I did stipulate "critical acclaim and immensely high average ratings".I personally think GoT is a good show, i think the Northern storyline is a complete disaster.  It makes no sense.  I just think Patrick can say its not a good show if he wants.I cant imagine how much he hated Season 2 the way they butchered his pecious Dany.  If they did that to my Arya I'd be on D&D's doorstep.
3194	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	Doesnt mean Patrick can't have his opinion on the show.Indeed. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. An opinion delivered with less arrogance and condescension would be preferable, of course.
3195	Darryk	2013-04-30	I assumed that "half his army" meant both the Karstarks and the Freys.
Really surprised the show didn't have the scene where the Freys desert Robb, it's not like it would have require much budget to have a few Frey men-at-arms throw their swords down and storm out of the courtyard.
As a result of leaving that out, there's not as much of a sense of his army falling apart as in the books, it feels like the show is "telling" us his army has deserted him but hasn't really "showed" it happening.
I think the show is doing an excellent job, for the most part, but I do agree with some of those bothered by logic inconsistencies that weren't in the books.
3196	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I personally think GoT is a good show, i think the Northern storyline is a complete disaster.  It makes no sense.  I just think Patrick can say its not a good show if he wants.I cant imagine how much he hated Season 2 the way they butchered his pecious Dany.  If they did that to my Arya I'd be on D&D's doorstep.To be fair, I do agree that "half the army" was poor. There is no way the Karstars and Freys commanded half the Northern army between them, but I think that is a trivial detail in the scheme of things. I also thought that Krazyns's offer to sell 200 unsullied for a ship was ridiculous. A life time of training, killing babies, armour, weapons and food and water for years and you're going to trade 200 for a small ship? Ultimately, it doesn't really matter.
3197	Penguin king	2013-04-30	Well, as long as there are people who get upset because "The Eyrie should have been three meters higher" or "Robb's hair should have been chocolate brown, not coffee brown, CHARACTER ASSASSINATION!", there will be people who say GoT isn't a good show.There's a difference between nit-picking changes between the book and the show, and complaining about genuine flaws in the show's own narritive. Robb started with lots of bannermen, now he has a handful. His war councils consist of his wife and family, and no one else. The Freys joined his army, now they're independent. His forces march back and forth accross westeros going where the plot dictates, without any sort of long term goal in mind.Stuff like that just makes Robb's story line look poorly thought out, and all it would take is a few lines of dialogue here or there to fix it. Tell us that the Umbers and the Glovers are off raiding, Tell us that the Freys left when Robb broke his pact. Give us some sense that Robb has a plan and isn't just making everything up as he goes along.
3198	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	Well, as long as there are people who get upset because "The Eyrie should have been three meters higher" or "Robb's hair should have been chocolate brown, not coffee brown, CHARACTER ASSASSINATION!", there will be people who say GoT isn't a good show.What a ridiculous strawman argument.I made my point very explicit in this thread: GoT will never be what I consider to be a high quality TV show because it's full of plot-holes and glaring inconsistencies, as demonstrated by Robb's military figures and strategy. Somehow the Karstarks constitute half his army, and the 3000+ Freys who went with him in season one disappeared at some point.I cant imagine how much he hated Season 2 the way they butchered his pecious Dany.  If they did that to my Arya I'd be on D&D's doorstep.Oddly enough, I actually defended D&D last season. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I thought that every change they made was probably necessary. But then I started watching their interviews and everything changed. And then I saw the deleted scene of Doreah murdering Irri and speaking "sexy" dialogue, and I realised how gross D&D were - particularly combined with the news that one of them told the director of Blackwater to put a naked woman in the episode.D&D don't really understand Daenerys anyway IMO. So I really dread her storyline going forward.I assumed that "half his army" meant both the Karstarks and the Freys.But that's incorrect. Robb notes that Karstark has left with half his army. No mention has been made of the Freys.To be fair, I do agree that "half the army" was poor. There is no way the Karstars and Freys commanded half the Northern army between them, but I think that is a trivial detail in the scheme of things. I also thought that Krazyns's offer to sell 200 unsullied for a ship was ridiculous. A life time of training, killing babies, armour, weapons and food and water for years and you're going to trade 200 for a small ship? Ultimately, it doesn't really matter.It was actually 100 for the ship. The real plot-hole was why Jorah would suggest buying Unsullied if Dany could only afford 100.
3199	Penguin king	2013-04-30	It was actually 100 for the ship. The real plot-hole was why Jorah would suggest buying Unsullied if Dany could only afford 100.The guy obviously knows nothing about buying and selling slaves. He tried it once before, and it didn't work out for him well that time either /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3200	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	there's a scene where Doreah kills Irri? how the hell did I miss that?
3201	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	there's a scene where Doreah kills Irri? how the hell did I miss that?It was a deleted scene. Here take a look: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KEU_D6D7Je8
3202	David Selig	2013-04-30	there's a scene where Doreah kills Irri? how the hell did I miss that?Consider yourself lucky, it's laughably bad and deleted for a reason.
3203	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Criticizing D&D for a scene that they decided to delete is ridiculous. If they deleted, they obviously agreed that it was bad.
3204	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	Criticizing D&D for a scene that they decided to delete is ridiculous. If they deleted, they obviously agreed that it was bad.It's not the quality of the scene that's the problem; it's the fact that Doreah was incredibly out of character and speaking "sexy" dialogue (i.e. reducing women to sex even when they're committing murder).
3205	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	There's a difference between nit-picking changes between the book and the show, and complaining about genuine flaws in the show's own narritive. Robb started with lots of bannermen, now he has a handful. His war councils consist of his wife and family, and no one else. The Freys joined his army, now they're independent. His forces march back and forth accross westeros going where the plot dictates, without any sort of long term goal in mind.Stuff like that just makes Robb's story line look poorly thought out, and all it would take is a few lines of dialogue here or there to fix it. Tell us that the Umbers and the Glovers are off raiding, Tell us that the Freys left when Robb broke his pact. Give us some sense that Robb has a plan and isn't just making everything up as he goes along.Here here.  Its a sloppy portrayal and awful translation from an excellent storyline.  Robb brought his entire army from the Crag to HH to lay siege to an empty castle for fucks sake.  Outriders?  Scouts?  I could nitpick for days.  The Mounttain left HH and went west, where Edmure met him in battle.  Robb was heading east from the west to meet the mountain at HH. Somehow they managed to misd each other.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 30 April 2013 - 06:51 AM.
3206	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	It was a deleted scene. Here take a look: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=KEU_D6D7Je8wow,  i would have liked to see most of those scenes. not including the irri scene.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 30 April 2013 - 06:53 AM.
3207	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	wow,  i would have liked to see most of those scenes. not including the irri scene.Me too. The Loras+Margaery one at the very least.
3208	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	What a ridiculous strawman argument.I made my point very explicit in this thread: GoT will never be what I consider to be a high quality TV show because it's full of plot-holes and glaring inconsistencies, as demonstrated by Robb's military figures and strategy. Somehow the Karstarks constitute half his army, and the 3000+ Freys who went with him in season one disappeared at some point.Lad, chill out. Many friends of mine watch the show very carefully, and are not bothered by anything of what you've said. Because they don't watch the show with a map near to them to check the movements of armies, nor they have a piece of paper with the exact number of soldiers each Lord has given to their king's cause written on it. My "strawman argument" is that your hatred of some "plot holes" is based on the fact that things did not go as they did in the books. And, even if something does not make sense to you, who know every metre of Westeros, it makes sense to them, because they don't.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 07:04 AM.
3209	Penguin king	2013-04-30	Lad, chill out. Many friends of mine watch the show very carefully, and are not bothered by anything of what you've said. Because they don't watch the show with a map near to them to check the movements of armies, nor they have a piece of paper with the exact number of soldiers each Lord has given to their king's cause written on it. My "strawman argument" is that your hatred of some "plot holes" is based on the fact that things did not go as they did in the books. And, even if something does not make sense to you, who know every metre of Westeros, it makes sense to them, because they don't.Just because the show makes sense if you don't think about it, it doesn't mean those of us who actually do think shouldn't expect something with a little more logic and consistancy behind it.  The maps are there in the intro, they're available on the HBO website. It's not imposible for the non book reader to get some idea of the geography.  The unsullied on the television without pity forums have a whole list of characters that have been "sucked into the plot hole" If you pay attention this stuff is noticable, and it is anoying, book reader or not.
3210	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Just because the show makes sense if you don't think about it, it doesn't mean those of us who actually do think shouldn't expect something with a little more logic and consistancy behind it.  The maps are there in the intro, they're available on the HBO website. It's not imposible for the non book reader to get some idea of the geography.  The unsullied on the television without pity forums have a whole list of characters that have been "sucked into the plot hole" If you pay attention this stuff is noticable, and it is anoying, book reader or not.Ok, fine. Since I'm very fond of internal consistency, is there any list of geografical/plot inconsistencies of the show that I could read? Or, is there someone willing to number a few? Thank you in advance (I'm not being sarcastic, i really want to know!).
3211	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	You have no idea how many times aSoIaF books are put in lists of crappy stuff. By competent people. VERY competent people. People with taste in books. The answer is as silly as it looks: it's all a matter of taste.Just fyi, if theat's the way you see things, you probably shouldn't be calling any of those people competent, or incompetent for that matter, because in that case competence becomes an irrelevant concept.That a word like competence becomes irrelevant and suddenly cannot be used anymore in a way that makes sense, probably indicates something is wrong.Taste is important, but there's a difference between saying 'this is crap' and 'this simply isn't for me (but I could see why others would like it)' IMO which a lot of people can't make because they're so arrogant they think that if something's not to their taste, it must be bad, not just to them, but to everyone else as well*. Then they bring up the 'it's my opinion so you can't argue with it!' line as a way to argue with your opinion, which, if you follow their reasoning, should carry just as much weight, but somehow doesn't count because 'it's my opinion and I have a right to my opinion and it's my taste which makes me more important even though we're both human beings!'* An example would be the Walking Dead. I don't like it, and nor will I watch it, because I'm utterly fed up with zombies, but I do not think the show is crap and have figured out and I understand why the zombie franchise continues to appeal to people.The thing is, if literally everything depended on 'taste' and nothing else there was no way we could determine actual quality, we wouldn't be able to create guidelines for creating actual quality, and every act of creativity would just be a complete and utter random mess. Acting, scenery, costumes, realism, consistency, cleverness, location, humour and plot-depth are all things that point to the inherent quality of a tv show. There's a reason a show that brings together people like Sean Bean, Charles Dance, Iain Glen and Emilia Clarke has a bigger chance to succeed than if for instance you, me, PenguinKing and Headless Ned would try to play these roles and film them in our back garden, because we would  deliver less quality. Taste merely decides which of these factors appeal to you the most, or which ones bother you the most.If you think of consistency as your highest priority above everything else, and something lacks consistency but is good at everything else, your taste will determine you do not like it, while saying nothing about all the other factors that went into the show. I think consistency is important, and it's the reason I think the story for Starcraft's Heart of the Swarm, for example, sucks.For example, some dudebros who watch GoT (almost) solely for the nudity might enjoy some cheap porn flick equally or perhaps even more than GoT. Does that make the inherent quality of everything that went into Game of Thrones, the artistic value of believable acting deliverances, things like Stannis' table, the sceneries, is somehow inferior to that porn flick, or the people who like it more than GoT should somehow be able to say the porn flick has a much bigger inherent quality than GoT? No, if they were to say that (as opposed to 'GoT just isn't for us') it just points to them being unable to appreciate or at the very least respect the artistic quality of such a production, which, like other forms of art, is rated by how difficult it is to achieve or replicate instead of single opinions. Does this mean I think the dudebros are wrong in enjoying the porn flick? No, but I do say they would be wrong if they were to somehow elevate it above something like GoT and point to the actual quality ('GoT is crap!') rather than admit the problem lies with them ('GoT just isn't for me').An example would be for instance me: I like Steven Seagal movies because I think they're hilarious and sometimes I have a need for such a movie, but I know the inherent quality of these movies isn't all that high (one reason is that Seagal always plays exactly the same role and has done so 100 times, which adds very little artistic value to the movie, because copying isn't artistic), and I have no problem admitting this. This doesn't mean I think I'm wrong in enjoying watching them, though.We also shouldn't forget that a lot of people like things because they feel they're supposed to like them. Indeed, social pressure forms a lot of people's opinions. A lot of the time people don't want to fall behind on current hypes (could be anything from clothes fashion to ), and everyone has a million and one things they simply haven't formed an opinion on because it simply hasn't reached them yet,In short, what I'm saying is that the amount of people that like something is irrelevant to its quality, and I believe there is a way to determine actual quality from utter crap, without making judgements on people who enjoy either side or what they should like.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 07:23 AM.
3212	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Just fyi, if theat's the way you see things, you probably shouldn't be calling any of those people competent, or incompetent for that matter, because in that case competence becomes an irrelevant concept.I said competent only because those are people whose lives have been largely based on reading books (I'm not overstating).Everything else in your post, I agree with.
3213	Penguin king	2013-04-30	Ok, fine. Since I'm very fond of internal consistency, is there any list of geografical/plot inconsistencies of the show that I could read? Or, is there someone willing to number a few? Thank you in advance (I'm not being sarcastic, i really want to know!).Well aside from people teleporting around westeros at breakneck speed (Littlefinger i'm looking at you) I thought you were talking about Robb's troop movements which really don't make a lot of sense. From arriving in the Riverlands,  he goes straight to the Westerlands, raids the crag, then brings his army all the way back to take Harrenhal which is empty, then leads the bulk of his forces back to riverrun. now the plan is to take casterly rock, but first he has to go up to the twins to get reinforcements.Why didn't he think of taking the Rock when he was in the Westerlands, and Tywin had sent his army south to deal with Stannis? What makes him think he can take it now with the Lannisters and the Tyrells allied against him and half his army gone north with the Karstarks? It doesn't make sense.
3214	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	It never fails to amaze me how people seem unable to understand the concept of show canon and book canon. It's quite simple, really. The Karstarks may not make up half of Robb's army in the books, but there's no reason why they can't do so in the show. It's never explicitly stated in the show that the Karstarks don't constitute half of the Northern army. So why get so worked up about it? If they had said in season 1 that the Karstarks made up 10% of the northern army, and then contradicted themselves, then I would understand the gripes, but they haven't done so. So technically, in show canon, they haven't breached anything. It's just crying over spilled milk, really.
3215	Malgarroth	2013-04-30	I am very disappointed with this episode. It is said, that Karstark forces are almost half of the army. I don't think Karstarks have around 9000 men. Another nonsense is, when Robb decides that he will take Casterly Rock. In this how, he just keep wandering from here to there.After he crossed the Twins ( with Frey forces, save for four hundred garrison) and defeated Jaime ( and unlogically avoided Riverrun), he went to plunder the Westerlands. It is said that he conquered the Crag (which is very close to Casterly Rock) and can't attack on Casterly Rock, because he's short of troops. Then he goes back to Harrenhal (where he must garrison some troops), then during march to the Riverrun he said that he will join Riverrun garrison to his forces.  It does not make sense, to attack Casterly Rock. He has same (even if Frey possible left him after marriage with Talisa) number of troops, maybe even fewer, as he had on Season 2.This whole episode disappointed because of minor details on Robb's scenes?Give me a fucking break.So you didn't enjoy Brienne/Jaime, Beric/Sandor, Tywin/Tyrion/Cersei, Arya/Gendry, Beric/Thoros/Arya, Jon/Ygritte or Stannis/Shireen?I call /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
3216	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	I wasn't disappointed with the approach of 3.05 at all, I thought it was really well done. Maybe I'm just a minority here, I see them as different animals and I never expected an exact copy of the book into the show.
That said, I think some subtleties were lost with Loras' depiction (a necessary evil with the supression of Willas from the story), and the Tywin/Cersei/Tyrion scene where Cersei is being smug about Tyrion's fate but Tyrion doesn't return the reaction upon discovering Tywin's plans for her.
3217	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Well aside from people teleporting around westeros at breakneck speed (Littlefinger i'm looking at you) I thought you were talking about Robb's troop movements which really don't make a lot of sense. From arriving in the Riverlands,  he goes straight to the Westerlands, raids the crag, then brings his army all the way back to take Harrenhal which is empty, then leads the bulk of his forces back to riverrun. now the plan is to take casterly rock, but first he has to go up to the twins to get reinforcements.Why didn't he think of taking the Rock when he was in the Westerlands, and Tywin had sent his army south to deal with Stannis? What makes him think he can take it now with the Lannisters and the Tyrells allied against him and half his army gone north with the Karstarks? It doesn't make sense.Thank you mate. Only one thing: going to Riverrun is a forced trip, isn't it? As is going to the twins (to ask the Freys for help).
3218	Conchobar	2013-04-30	You do not get to judge what qualifies as "one of the best TV shows". You don't have to like it. Millions of others do.^
3219	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	It never fails to amaze me how people seem unable to understand the concept of show canon and book canon. It's quite simple, really. The Karstarks may not make up half of Robb's army in the books, but there's no reason why they can't do so in the show. It's never explicitly stated in the show that the Karstarks don't constitute half of the Northern army. So why get so worked up about it? If they had said in season 1 that the Karstarks made up 10% of the northern army, and then contradicted themselves, then I would understand the gripes, but they haven't done so. So technically, in show canon, they haven't breached anything. It's just crying over spilled milk, really.Off topic but your avatar reminded of that one scene in Homeland season 2 where Brody's daughter literally cries over spilled milk.I have no problem with the Karstark's taking up half of robb's army.
3220	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	On the "need the soldiers of the the only lord who hasn't pledged allegiance to the Lannisters' kerfuffle... I had an unsullied ask me about this...
"I thought the Freys were already part of Robb's army.... and isn't Cat's psycho sister in charge of the largest army in the area that hasn't been in battle?"
I had to tell the truth. "Its a massive f@#$ing plot hole they have dug for themselves."
3221	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	On the "need the soldiers of the the only lord who hasn't pledged allegiance to the Lannisters' kerfuffle... I had an unsullied ask me about this..."I thought the Freys were already part of Robb's army.... and isn't Cat's psycho sister in charge of the largest army in the area that hasn't been in battle?"I had to tell the truth. "Its a massive f@#$ing plot hole they have dug for themselves."You're right on the Freys, but Lysa's neutrality was addressed in season 1.
3222	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	On the "need the soldiers of the the only lord who hasn't pledged allegiance to the Lannisters' kerfuffle... I had an unsullied ask me about this..."I thought the Freys were already part of Robb's army.... and isn't Cat's psycho sister in charge of the largest army in the area that hasn't been in battle?"I had to tell the truth. "Its a massive f@#$ing plot hole they have dug for themselves."I'm not sure Walder gave men to Robb in the show. I think he only let his army pass through the bridge. Or am I wrong?
3223	Penguin king	2013-04-30	Thank you mate. Only one thing: going to Riverrun is a forced trip, isn't it? As is going to the twins (to ask the Freys for help).Yes and no. He and Cat had personal reasons to go there, but there was no reason to take such a large chunk of his army. Riverrun is between Harrenhal and The Westerlands, so why march them all the way to Harrenhal, then march them all the way back again?  Why didn't Robb and Cat drop in to see Hoster on his death bed, and let Bolton take the army and deal with Harrenhal. And why send your army to Harrenhal in the firstplace if Casterly Rock is your real target?As for the Freys if we'd had some dialogue to explain why they left Robbs army in the first place I wouldn't mind, but now it looks like even with the marriage pact they still refused to fight alongside him. What makes him think they'll be any more loyal after his betrayal? In the books he has no choice but to seek their help if he wants to get his army accross the river, but since the show has him going West and not North, then why not seek allies elsewere?
3224	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	I do believe Catelyn did say something about 'adding his forces to your own.'It never fails to amaze me how people seem unable to understand the concept of show canon and book canon. It's quite simple, really. The Karstarks may not make up half of Robb's army in the books, but there's no reason why they can't do so in the show.Well, it's still kinda hard to believe 1 Northern lord would have as much men as the Starks and all their bannermen as well as all of Riverrun combined. I like the explanation someone gave that you can interpret it as 'he's lost half his army' since the start of the war, at least, you might. I'll probably have to rewatch the episode to tell.I understand a little bit about military tactics, so here's my 2 cents:First of all, forget about the geography of the book and only think of what has been established in the show.I don't have such a problem with attacking Casterly Rock as a last ditch effort, 'cos it would drive the enemy to them (which Robb wants because he wants an open battle rather than a siege) and he did something comparable by raiding the Lannister's lands around Casterly Rock in the book to draw Tywin to him. In the show, Tywin's forces at Harrenhal could have seemed like a much too big threat to go to Casterly Rock. If he had marched on Casterly Rock, Tywin could have attacked him in the back. He was waiting for Tywin to be forced to move from Harrenhal to King's Landing so he could take Harrenhal, which he eventually did. His earlier troop movements in Season 3 were meant to draw Gregor Clegane into a trap, in which he failed in much the same way as he failed to lure Tywin into a trap in the book, by not giving Edmure the necessary information.So show Robb believes he can take on the Lannisters in open combat, and they must believe it too, because they aren't making any troop movements that we have heard about (save for Gregor Clegane's army), they're just waiting for the Northern army to leave defensible positions and march into their territory or crumble apart from the inside. Since Robb has lost his hostage (Jaime), but the Lannisters have not, he is in a position where he can't really do much but wait to see if Jaime gets caught again. Without Karstark and the part of his army that is with Bolton, he probably doesn't have the men for an open battle, so Robb wants to replace those troops with Freys'.It's different, and maybe not as good as it is in the book, but apart from giving us the impression that Karstark has half of his army (which would make him the most powerful single lord in the realm and not someone you can simply execute without being attacked) and making it unclear the Freys have already abandoned him, I don't have any larger problems with the show's version of the war.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 08:19 AM.
3225	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	You're right on the Freys, but Lysa's neutrality wasd addressed in season 1.So was the Freys siding with the North
3226	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	You're right on the Freys, but Lysa's neutrality was addressed in season 1.Yeah I realise that, but my unsullied friend is also right in saying that the armies of the Vale are the only ones who answer the description Rob gives.I'm not sure Walder gave men to Robb in the show. I think he only let his army pass through the bridge. Or am I wrong?He does give troops to Rob in the show and Frey banners are seen in the background at some point too.
3227	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Yes and no. He and Cat had personal reasons to go there, but there was no reason to take such a large chunk of his army. Riverrun is between Harrenhal and The Westerlands, so why march them all the way to Harrenhal, then march them all the way back again?  Why didn't Robb and Cat drop in to see Hoster on his death bed, and let Bolton take the army and deal with Harrenhal. And why send your army to Harrenhal in the firstplace if Casterly Rock is your real target?As for the Freys if we'd had some dialogue to explain why they left Robbs army in the first place I wouldn't mind, but now it looks like even with the marriage pact they still refused to fight alongside him. What makes him think they'll be any more loyal after his betrayal? In the books he has no choice but to seek their help if he wants to get his army accross the river, but since the show has him going West and not North, then why not seek allies elsewere?Im dying to know how the mountain and the stark army passed each other without noticing.
3228	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Im dying to know how the mountain and the stark army passed each other without noticing.It's a pretty vast area. Wouldn't be too hard for Gregor to avoid the much larger force.
3229	Hoo	2013-04-30	I was not caught up in the numbers.  The important things was that half the men left.  Whether they were Karstarks or Karstarks and their loyals is less important.
I feel Rob's story is so important as it counter weighs the Lannisters in the game of thrones, they are the one's challenging the throne and mounting a rebellion.  But not much was done in the movie since Rob defeated Jamie's army.  They've been wandering around aimlessly.  That is my issue with Rob's plot.  King in the North, but he does not hold the north, his little brothers who escaped Winterfell cannot hide in the north, he has no friends in the north, he goes west? Just weird.
The writers acknowldged this flaw when Rob said: "When we started this war we had a purpose" since then they've been bickering like children without a purpose.  He needed a new purpose.  I buy the idea of attacking the Castilly Rock.
3230	Ran	2013-04-30	Retaking Winterfell makes a lot more sense than the foolish hope to taking Casterly Rock without the Tyrells and Lannisters trapping him in the west.
3231	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	Well, retaking Winterfell, there isn't much to 'retake', is there? It's been destroyed. For all he knows Roose's bastard is protecting the North and Karstark's men will fight the Ironborn up North, and leaving Riverrun would be allowing it and Harrenhal to be overrun, not to mention it would also be a full-blown retreat from the actual front and thus a way of admitting his defeat at a point in time where he has to show strength to avoid losing more of his bannermen.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 08:29 AM.
3232	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	It's a pretty vast area. Wouldn't be too hard for Gregor to avoid the much larger force.Edmure found him easily enough.I guess, as long as scouts are outlawed in TV westeros.
3233	victim	2013-04-30	They probably gave the Karstark's such a large retainer because they'll be quite important later... Alys and all that.
3234	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	They probably gave the Karstark's such a large retainer because they'll be quite important later... Alys and all that.Surely the Boltons should have the largest though?And besides, no one bannerman should command half the army. You'd think it'd be relatively even with the Manderleys, Boltons, Karstarcks, Umbers, Glovers, Mormonts and so on.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 30 April 2013 - 08:42 AM.
3235	Ran	2013-04-30	Retaking Winterfell means throwing the ironborn holding the Neck and the western coast out, so yeah, that's a pretty important task.  It's just weird, this notion of Robb completely abandoning the North to go on a fool's quest into the westerlands.
3236	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	Robb's story is really suffering from lack of the Greatjon.  What it wouldn't give for a loyal, likeable character that has been there from the beginning.  Squabbles with actors breaks my immersion here.
3237	I'm_Tim	2013-04-30	I hate to break it to you guys, but Robb's plan was ill advised and doomed in the book as well. He was a kid acting out of lust and vengeance. It was easy to rally the Northern bannerman because many are barbaric and lust for war. The only Northern Lord with any foresight was Roose, who's just a sadistic fuck.
In the show, the make up of his army is pretty inconsequential. It doesn't matter if it's Karstark's, Umber's or Mormont's. They make Karstark's forces appear bigger because they can't reintroduce more Northmen. It just gets too confusing. They had to streamline the story and focus on the 2 most significant, Karstark and Bolton. Karstark is significant because of what he represents. Roose is significant because he's a major player.
The only thing that matters is that they need to show that Robb is losing his hold on his army. Killing Karstark and losing his army displays this. BookRobb and TVRobb are both idiots.
I wish they wouldn't have cut the Umber's because they add more emotion to the Red Wedding, but I'll hold my judgement until the season is over. People are generally too quick to freak the fuck out before we even know where the shows going.
I also don't understand the desire for those that don't like the show to get on a soapbox and try to piss in the cheerios of those of us that do really enjoy it. Maybe the kids are right: haters gonna hate.
3238	gibbles545	2013-04-30	I think the main problem was that in the first seasons seasons Robb apeared to be surrounded by a group of men who he won the loyalty of, namely the greatjon, Blackfish etc. But now in this season he has Bolton and Karstark there is no sense that he has the loyalty of his men like in the books, I think they could of overcome the problems that Talisa's inclusion in the story created if they had made Robb's bannerman more similar to the books. Alas now the RW will be more obvious and lack the emotional punch it had in the books, because by and large in the books it did appear as though Robb could make up for his mistakes in the war, but in the Tv show not so much.
3239	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-30	I never was a book Robb fan, but have always loved Catelyn that's why the RW had the greatest impact on me b/c of her view during it. So I'm not emotionally invested too much in the changes to Robb's story on TV. I don't care about who his wife is or any of that stuff, but I will say that the one thing that stands out and bothers me is that you see ZERO focus from TV Robb on reclaiming the North. He's uber-focued on Tywin Lannister. I just don't understand it. I know he's supposed to believe that the Boltons are securing Winterfell, but I think his desire to reclaim his home should be uttered from his lips at least once.
To me, this has to be addressed in the next two or 3 episodes or it will greatly lessen the impact of RW.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 30 April 2013 - 09:04 AM.
3240	The Monkey	2013-04-30	I'm still holding out hopes that he meant half of his forces at Riverrun. Let's say Roose Bolton got another 10,000 at Harrenhall, that means the Karstark "only" number 5000. And Tywin said he lost half his army because he knows that Roose Bolton has already turned his cloak on the Young Wolf, so those 10,000 doesn't really count as Robb's troops anymore.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 30 April 2013 - 09:16 AM.
3241	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Retaking Winterfell makes a lot more sense than the foolish hope to taking Casterly Rock without the Tyrells and Lannisters trapping him in the west.That always struck me as a dick move, in that he was the King of the Riverlands, yet he dropped the Riverlands completely in order to return North, leaving it to the mercy of the Lannisters. Also, if Manderly had so many troops left in aDwD, how come he never took back Moat Cailin? It always confuses me that there were still substantial military elements in the North who were loyal to the Starks, yet they never attempted to take back the Neck, and Robb is the one who had to march all the way up there to free it.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 09:31 AM.
3242	Calidad	2013-04-30	I hate to break it to you guys, but Robb's plan was ill advised and doomed in the book as well. He was a kid acting out of lust and vengeance. It was easy to rally the Northern bannerman because many are barbaric and lust for war. The only Northern Lord with any foresight was Roose, who's just a sadistic fuck.In the show, the make up of his army is pretty inconsequential. It doesn't matter if it's Karstark's, Umber's or Mormont's. They make Karstark's forces appear bigger because they can't reintroduce more Northmen. It just gets too confusing. They had to streamline the story and focus on the 2 most significant, Karstark and Bolton. Karstark is significant because of what he represents. Roose is significant because he's a major player.The only thing that matters is that they need to show that Robb is losing his hold on his army. Killing Karstark and losing his army displays this. BookRobb and TVRobb are both idiots.I wish they wouldn't have cut the Umber's because they add more emotion to the Red Wedding, but I'll hold my judgement until the season is over. People are generally too quick to freak the fuck out before we even know where the shows going.I also don't understand the desire for those that don't like the show to get on a soapbox and try to piss in the cheerios of those of us that do really enjoy it. Maybe the kids are right: haters gonna hate.I fully agree with this. I love th shows, and are arguably the best thing I have ever seen on TV. However, there do appear to be a few inconsistencies, and plot related issues evident, notably with the North story line (I think a little more could have been done to develop the Freys and Robb's other bannermen. But as you say, let's just see how it plays out. Pretty much everything to this point has worked well in the show, including book departures, so I'm confident they'll do the same with Robb's story too.
3243	Penguin king	2013-04-30	That always struck me as a dick move, in that he was the King of the Riverlands, yet he dropped the Riverlands completely in order to return North, leaving it to the mercy of the Lannisters. Also, if Manderly had so many troops left in aDwD, how come he never took back Moat Cailin? It always confuses me that there were still substantial military elements in the North who were loyal to the Starks, yet they never attempted to take back the Neck, and Robb is the one who had to march all the way up there to free it.Well I think the plan was to retake the North. Raise another host then march back south. Riverrun could hold out for months in the case of a seige, and the Riverlands had been pretty thouroughly  scourged by that point anyway.As for Manderly, I don't think he really had the troops to take Moat Calin before the Ironborn were all called back for the King's moot and his focus was on building the Navy Robb had asked for. The Mountain clansmen do kinda come out of nowhere, but I suppose it makes sense that men sacattered over empty and inaccessible terrain, with a large amount of autonomy couldn't be easily organised without a Stark or a great lord sent to gather them personally.
3244	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	Retaking Winterfell means throwing the ironborn holding the Neck and the western coast out, so yeah, that's a pretty important task. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's just weird, this notion of Robb completely abandoning the North to go on a fool's quest into the westerlands.Well, in the show it's only been said that the Ironborn are holding Deepmotte Dyke or at least that Asha is still somewhere North, they're nowhere near the same presence they are in the book. In fact Asha or no, Yara, of course (rolleyes) even says 'our power comes from our ships'.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 09:55 AM.
3245	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Well I think the plan was to retake the North. Raise another host then march back south. Riverrun could hold out for months in the case of a seige, and the Riverlands had been pretty thouroughly  scourged by that point anyway.As for Manderly, I don't think he really had the troops to take Moat Calin before the Ironborn were all called back for the King's moot and his focus was on building the Navy Robb had asked for. The Mountain clansmen do kinda come out of nowhere, but I suppose it makes sense that men sacattered over empty and inaccessible terrain, with a large amount of autonomy couldn't be easily organised without a Stark or a great lord sent to gather them personally.Surely the Riverlords would have been crushed by then? Still smacks of betrayal. Even if Riverrun didnt fall, most of the other castles and towns would, the Riverlands would be lost entirely. Ah, that's a good point about the Ironborn, forgot about that. Though is it possible that the Kingsmoot occured around the time of Karstark's beheading in the books? I'm not expert on chronology. Isn't Moat Cailin easier to take from the North? Between the  Manderly's, Umbers, Ryswell and all the other banner men who still have significant forces in DwD, I would have thought that they would have been ordered to take back Moat Cailin at any cost, since it's so incredibly strategically important.
3246	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	That always struck me as a dick move, in that he was the King of the Riverlands, yet he dropped the Riverlands completely in order to return North, leaving it to the mercy of the Lannisters. Also, if Manderly had so many troops left in aDwD, how come he never took back Moat Cailin? It always confuses me that there were still substantial military elements in the North who were loyal to the Starks, yet they never attempted to take back the Neck, and Robb is the one who had to march all the way up there to free it.He was king in the north as well, he had to do something.He send a bunch of forces to WF that were decimated by Ramsey.  The rest of his forces he kept for defense, then after the RW he recruited and trained heavily.  If he attacked Moat Cailin, Ramsey could take him from behind and trap his army very easily.There were not substantial forces left that could fight.  Some Umbers, but they were basically held hostage.  WH is already explained.  The Cerwyns/Glovers/Tallharts were all but extinct.  Lady Dustin was riding with the Boltons, and the Boltons were riding with the Boltons.  There's no one but WH and everyone would be against them.
3247	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	He was king in the north as well, he had to do something.He send a bunch of forces to WF that were decimated by Ramsey.  The rest of his forces he kept for defense, then after the RW he recruited and trained heavily.  If he attacked Moat Cailin, Ramsey could take him from behind and trap his army very easily.There were not substantial forces left that could fight.  Some Umbers, but they were basically held hostage.  WH is already explained.  The Cerwyns/Glovers/Tallharts were all but extinct.  Lady Dustin was riding with the Boltons, and the Boltons were riding with the Boltons.  There's no one but WH and everyone would be against them.  I suppose that's true.Yes, but he didnt know that Ramsey was an enemy, as he was reported to have been killed by Ser Rodrik. Robb had no idea the Bolton's had turned on him, so he had no reason to not attack Moat Cailin. Ramsay very well could have attacked his new army, but that wouldn't have figured in Robb's plan.Is it confirmed that Lady Dustin was fighting or the Bolton's at that point? I thought that she changed sides once the Starks bit the dust.  Would she have refused to fight? He also could have ordered the Bolton troops in the North to take it back. They wouldn't have done it, but it still would make sense as part of his plan. WH was building ships, but how would this prevent them from supplying troops to this hypothetical army? The mountain clans, while disorganised and semi-autonomous, coud have been persuaded to fight by a loyal retainer of Robb's, maybe an Umber, yet this never figured in his plan
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 10:32 AM.
3248	Tadco26	2013-04-30	Retaking Winterfell means throwing the ironborn holding the Neck and the western coast out, so yeah, that's a pretty important task. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's just weird, this notion of Robb completely abandoning the North to go on a fool's quest into the westerlands.The problem is TV Ironborn never took the neck, or at least the show never told us they did that I can recall.  Yara took Deepwood Motte and that is the only place they took and held that we know about.  I really thought they would have her take Moat Cailin at some point by now, but it hasn't happened.  They haven't given us any clue what the Ironborn have been up to since taking that relatively strategically irrelevant castle on the far northwest coast and Theon's independent capture of Winterfell.  They really feel like they are on scale with post Blackwater Stannis as far as a threat at this point to the TV viewer.
3249	teemo	2013-04-30	My nonbook readers for the most part have know idea who is where or taking what lands and some aren't even sure who is fighting who, lol.  (everyone knows Starks vs. Lannisters, but outside that a LOT of people just don't know what the hell is going on)  I think the show may have been able to have done a betty job in conveying this.  I know that probably a majority of the viewers don't even care and are watching for just the drama and action and dialogue, but some viewers actually care about this stuff and are confused as hell.  Even a lot of book readers are....
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 12:58 PM.
3250	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	Sons of The Forum! Of Westeros! My fellow posters. I see in your posts the same old shit that would take the heart of me. A day may come when posters finally come to their senses about Robb's storyline and accept that an adaptation is not the same as a direct copy, but it is not this day!
					
					
							Edited by Honourable Ser, 30 April 2013 - 01:01 PM.
3251	teemo	2013-04-30	Sons of The Forum! Of Westeros! My fellow posters. I see in your posts the same old shit that would take the heart of me. A day may come when posters finally come to their senses about Robb's storyline and accept that an adaptation is not the same as a direct copy, but it is not this day!An adaptation should at least make logical sense in regards to what it's done so far in the series.
3252	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	An adaptation should at least make logical sense in regards to what it's done so far in the series.The Frey forces suddenly dissapearing is the only thing that I think makes no sense in the context of the series. Other than that, it's not that bad. Still not great, very confusing, but not completely illogical, just vague and not elaborated.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 02:11 PM.
3253	shiola	2013-04-30	Sons of The Forum! Of Westeros! My fellow posters. I see in your posts the same old shit that would take the heart of me. A day may come when posters finally come to their senses about Robb's storyline and accept that an adaptation is not the same as a direct copy, but it is not this day!Come to our senses about Robb's storyline?  What are we supposed to think about it, then?No, the show needn't be the same as the book.  But as people are saying, there are plenty of people who still want the war strategy to  make sense.
3254	Ran	2013-04-30	The bunch of markers of military forces Robb lays out seems to indicate that there's an ironborn force athwart the kingsroad. Not quite in the Neck, but near enough. I don't know if the idea is that the ironborn have secured control of the North more firmly or not without it being mentioned.That said, I can't possibly imagine that they plan not to have the Apocalypse Now-esque Reek chapter in Moat Cailin in the series
3255	teemo	2013-04-30	The Frey forces suddenly dissapearing is the only thing that I think makes no sense in the context of the series. Other than that, it's not that bad. Still not great, very confusing, but not completely illogical, just vague and not elaborated.Definitely.....they need to find a better way to simplify things.  The only people I know that are REALLY getting all of this stuff are the "hardcore" viewers that do HBO's interactive stuff on their site, read forums, wikia, etc.  A lot of the general audience is just very confused.
3256	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	That said, I can't possibly imagine that they plan not to have the Apocalypse Now-esque Reek chapter in Moat Cailin in the seriesI think they'll definitely keep that part. I assume at some point Moat Cailin will be mentioned, maybe it will be announced that the Ironborn have captured it. Then in season 4, Theon will have his Moat Cailin experience, maybe over a few episodes.
3257	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Double post
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 02:31 PM.
3258	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Definitely.....they need to find a better way to simplify things.  The only people I know that are REALLY getting all of this stuff are the "hardcore" viewers that do HBO's interactive stuff on their site, read forums, wikia, etc.  A lot of the general audience is just very confused. To be fair, that also happens with the books. You have to be a hardcore fan and do at least one re-read to keep track of all names, places and actions that take place. When I first read the books, I was always like "Who the fuck is this lad now? Has he been previously mentioned?" or "Wait, where the hell was The Crag?".
3259	teemo	2013-04-30	To be fair, that also happens with the books. You have to be a hardcore fan and do at least one re-read to keep track of all names, places and actions that take place. When I first read the books, I was always like "Who the fuck is this lad now? Has he been previously mentioned?" or "Wait, where the hell was The Crag?".Yes, I agree.  But people who are willing to get into a humungous series like ASOIAF are automatically a little hardcore to begin with.  Not all television viewers want to be hardcore - they just want to watch a show once a week and understand it.  But yes, multiple re-reads are really necessary to get most things because the book is just seriously information overload.  I won't lie - it took me at least five re-reads to really remember almost everything.  Sometimes I still get confused with 15+ re-reads, and that's mostly now because of the show.
3260	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	Yes, I agree.  But people who are willing to get into a humungous series like ASOIAF are automatically a little hardcore to begin with.  Not all television viewers want to be hardcore - they just want to watch a show once a week and understand it.  But yes, multiple re-reads are really necessary to get most things because the book is just seriously information overload.  I won't lie - it took me at least five re-reads to really remember almost everything.  Sometimes I still get confused with 15+ re-reads, and that's mostly now because of the show.Honestly, it is impossible to convey so much information in a TV show with limited budget and time. I'm not saying the adaptation is perfect, since there are some incoherences, but those viewers who really want to know these details should read the books. Notice that most of these complaints are actually demanding more material from the books to be included, leaving less space to better explanations.They probably had their reasons, but I think the show would benefit from a map locating the position of each character before the first scene he appears in an episode. Aside from that, they could have emphasized more the impact of Robb's treason to the Freys, which is very important to the story. All the other details seem to be unnecessary, in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 30 April 2013 - 02:47 PM.
3261	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Yes, I agree.  But people who are willing to get into a humungous series like ASOIAF are automatically a little hardcore to begin with.  Not all television viewers want to be hardcore - they just want to watch a show once a week and understand it.  But yes, multiple re-reads are really necessary to get most things because the book is just seriously information overload.  I won't lie - it took me at least five re-reads to really remember almost everything.  Sometimes I still get confused with 15+ re-reads, and that's mostly now because of the show.You're right, not all viewers want to to be hardcore. But then, I think the show is not for them, just as the books are not for those who are not willing to go hardcore.
3262	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	leaving less space to better explanations.They could do less explanation of Pod's Heraklean bedroom abilities.
3263	teemo	2013-04-30	Yeah, I actually agree with both of you above.  I have one friend who asks me insanely detailed questions like, "what's the entire story about Lyanna and Rhaeger?"  "What other bannermen does Robb really have?"  "Where is X located compared to X location, how far away are they?"  "Can we get flashbacks or learn more about Ned's brother and uncle?"  "Can you explain to me more about Valyrian and the entire culture of Essos?"  I swear, lol...it's like READ THE DAMN BOOKS!
Buttt, I still do feel that they could do a better job at simplifying some things.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 02:49 PM.
3264	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	They could do less explanation of Pod's Heraklean bedroom abilities.I do not argue with you about that, but I understand they want to introduce some TV elements on the show, whether we like it or not. And, honestly, I don't think 5 minutes would have made any difference. I know you are going to mention Talissa, Ros, and Shae, but the truth is that they are part of the main plots, given to other main characters, namely, Robb, LF, and Tyrion, respectively. We may not like them, but they are clearly being used to expose main advances in the story. Thus, they are not completely useless.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 30 April 2013 - 02:54 PM.
3265	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I do not argue with you about that, but I understand they want to introduce some TV elements on the show, whether we like it or not.I guess they were trying to make up for the lack of member jokes
3266	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	I read GoT before the show, but I only started reading the other books after season 2. So, as a non-reader, at the time, I felt confused about a lot of details, but I was perfectly able to follow the main events and enjoy the show. That's what most non-readers want.
3267	Khal Porno	2013-04-30	But screwing up a completely minor and practically irrelevant detail like the Karstarks forces (which is tossed around in the book like a sloppy pizza) doesn't make the show worse.Unless you let it.Or unless you want it to.
3268	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	I read GoT before the show, but I only started reading the other books after season 2. So, as a non-reader, at the time, I felt confused about a lot of details, but I was perfectly able to follow the main events and enjoy the show. That's what most non-readers want.I think that the monstruous quantity of details is what makes the tv show (just as the books) the great experience it is. A colossal amount out-of-screen events is taking place, backed up by a monumental back history. One gets the feeling they're really following a few "personal", amazing, and sometimes confusing adventures of a few people, who are important among million of others. To me, both the show and the books convey this feeling, in their own way.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 30 April 2013 - 03:10 PM.
3269	trearu	2013-04-30	It was never said Karstarks forces where half his army. Only that he has lost half his army.There is no war without casualties (just think of the splitting of his army in season 1), adding the Frays and Karstarks it might be the half.I agree that being at the Crag with the Freys AND Karstarks on his side still and not attacking Casterly Rock and now thinking that is a good idea with no Karstarks is sloppy writing.Why? His options are now just limited.IMHO, the TV show is exposing the flimsiness of the book marriageDidn't seem it in the book like he was almost tricked into marring her. (or did I just imagine that?)
					
					
							Edited by trearu, 30 April 2013 - 03:12 PM.
3270	I'm_Tim	2013-04-30	Why do people feel the source material is infallible? The books are full of inconsistencies and logical fallacies. Just wait until the show gets into the 4th and 5th books, which frankly, jump the shark. More sell swords companies, more banished knights, Bran? Rickon? Faceless men, more Targs with a claim to the throne, more Ironborn that are just kind of out there, more boring Martel's and Tyrell's... The source material is very strong through the first 3 books and the show has reflected it. The 4th and 5th are kind of bad and the show will suffer. Enjoy it for now while it still has momentum.
3271	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	Or unless you want it to.I think this sums up the attitudes of too many people. It's like they look for things to complain about.
3272	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	Why do people feel the source material is infallible? The books are full of inconsistencies and logical fallacies. Just wait until the show gets into the 4th and 5th books, which frankly, jump the shark. More sell swords companies, more banished knights, Bran? Rickon? Faceless men, more Targs with a claim to the throne, more Ironborn that are just kind of out there, more boring Martel's and Tyrell's... The source material is very strong through the first 3 books and the show has reflected it. The 4th and 5th are kind of bad and the show will suffer. Enjoy it for now while it still has momentum.Just have to hope David and Dan can work on making a more coherent story! Did you find as well that what would have taken Martin a paragraph in Game of Thrones took a whole POV chapter in the later books? It felt like he was trying to squeeze in a bit more story, without any extra content.
3273	I'm_Tim	2013-04-30	Just have to hope David and Dan can work on making a more coherent story! Did you find as well that what would have taken Martin a paragraph in Game of Thrones took a whole POV chapter in the later books? It felt like he was trying to squeeze in a bit more story, without any extra content. I'm sure we're going too far off topic, but I agree. When you lose scope, you keep adding things, which I believe GRRM has done. If I wasn't so emotionally invested with seeing the story through, I would have given up long ago. The series actually inspired me to give them all a re-read because it made remember why I loved the first few in the beginning. Sometimes I feel like GRRM doesn't know where he wants the story to go, so he just keeps writing, and writing, and writing...
3274	Tadco26	2013-04-30	Why? His options are now just limited.Because he said he didn't have enough men to take Casterly Rock when he had twice as many as he will have even if the Frey's do rejoin him.  Because he was already in the far west at the Crag and then he marched his entire army ~600 miles east to an empty Harrenhal, then close to 300 miles west again to Riverrun, and then plans to go north to the Twins, and then ~600 miles back to Casterly Rock and that plan just came to him like it was some sort of epiphany of brilliance.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 30 April 2013 - 03:29 PM.
3275	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	I'm sure we're going too far off topic, but I agree. When you lose scope, you keep adding things, which I believe GRRM has done. If I wasn't so emotionally invested with seeing the story through, I would have given up long ago. The series actually inspired me to give them all a re-read because it made remember why I loved the first few in the beginning. Sometimes I feel like GRRM doesn't know where he wants the story to go, so he just keeps writing, and writing, and writing...Haha, we probably are well off topic! But yeah, I'm the same, love the storyline and the setting and have to see it through to the bitter end, almost like I owe something to the series. I always thought the turning point was the Red Wedding; for me a lot of the magic of the series went out of it with the death of the 'classically tragic hero' as I saw Robb (although I guess that was the whole point of the scene!).
3276	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Because he said he didn't have enough men to take Casterly Rock when he had twice as many as he will have even if the Frey's do rejoin him.  Because he was already in the far west at the Crag and then he marched his entire army ~600 miles east to an empty Harrenhal, then close to 300 miles west again to Riverrun, and then plans to go north to the Twins, and then ~600 miles back to Casterly Rock and that plan just came to him like it was some sort of epiphany of brilliance.I mostly agree with this apart from a few points:Did he ever actually say that he couldnt take Casterly Rock with his previously sized force?Though the location of Robb's camp is never specified, it's made quite clear that he goes to the Crag from his camp to accept a surrender in S2. Harrenhal was confusing, though it would make sense to capture it, since it is very strategically important.Also, his plan isn't to go to the Twins, the negotiations will come next episode, and they will in all likelihood occur at. It may well be that that will be his plan, but it isn't at this point in the story. It may also turn out that his plan changes, and he tries to return to the north after all.
3277	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-30	Haha, we probably are well off topic! But yeah, I'm the same, love the storyline and the setting and have to see it through to the bitter end, almost like I owe something to the series. I always thought the turning point was the Red Wedding; for me a lot of the magic of the series went out of it with the death of the 'classically tragic hero' as I saw Robb (although I guess that was the whole point of the scene!).People are complaining about a lot of details, but I'm pretty convinced that, if something will make non-readers stop watching the show, then that will be the prospect of waiting for 3 more seasons before seeing Daenerys invade Westeros.
3278	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	I'm not sure Walder gave men to Robb in the show. I think he only let his army pass through the bridge. Or am I wrong? I just re-watched the scene. Catelyn says that "his men are yours", and she mentions that Robb's squire will be a Frey.I have to admit - watching the scene was really sad. I forgot how great Cat and Robb's scenes were in season one.
3279	Tadco26	2013-04-30	I mostly agree with this apart from a few points:Did he ever actually say that he couldnt take Casterly Rock with his previously sized force?Though the location of Robb's camp is never specified, it's made quite clear that he goes to the Crag from his camp to accept a surrender in S2. Harrenhal was confusing, though it would make sense to capture it, since it is very strategically important.Also, his plan isn't to go to the Twins, the negotiations will come next episode, and they will in all likelihood occur at. It may well be that that will be his plan, but it isn't at this point in the story. It may also turn out that his plan changes, and he tries to return to the north after all.I'm pretty sure he said he didn't have the numbers to take Casterly Rock, but I will have to double check that.  Either way, why wouldn't taking Casterly Rock be the most blatantly obvious strategy from the get go if it was vulnerable? He was already in the west, he had the Karstarks and the Freys still on his side, and Tywin is in the far east in King's Landing, but Casterly Rock doesn't even cross his mind til now?  Of course the show tends to regularly completely disregard the map when it comes to travel times and distances.It won't keep the show from being entertaining and as a whole I have been very happy with season 3.  It's just a shame to have sloppy writing for things that won't even be shown anyway.  We know Robb isn't actually going to go to Casterly Rock, so changing it so that is his plan doesn't seem to make much sense.  Presumably Yara is going to get some scenes this season, so why not have her take Moat Cailin and threaten to raid the north while keeping Robb stuck in the south?  Why not have that scene instead of Pod the sex god?  The details are the difference between making a good show and making one of the best shows ever.
3280	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	People are complaining about a lot of details, but I'm pretty convinced that, if something will make non-readers stop watching the show, then that will be the prospect of waiting for 3 more seasons before seeing Daenerys invade Westeros.Almost certainly! My god that's a ponderous storyline... :-P
3281	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	I just re-watched the scene. Catelyn says that "his men are yours", and she mentions that Robb's squire will be a Frey.I have to admit - watching the scene was really sad. I forgot how great Cat and Robb's scenes were in season one.Isn't this all subjective? I know lots of people aren't happy with Cat and Robb, but I think each has had good moments in the series. One of my favourite scenes so far this series was Cat talking to Blackfish in Riverrun. I know that's not Cat and Robb like you're complaining about, but they haven't had very many 'personal' moments this season. I look at that as being the way the kingship is ruling Robb.
3282	teemo	2013-04-30	I love the fourth and fifth books.  No, not as much as the first three, but GRRM says a lot of it is necessary backstory and I believe him.
3283	Tadco26	2013-05-01	I think the fourth and fifth books are only disappointing after the firestorm of events in Storm of Swords, combined with the splitting of the characters which means if you read Feast when it first came out you went a very long time without any of the characters who were left out of it doing anything.  To wait that long between books and still have Dany not directly moving on Westeros makes it feel even longer than it will for someone who started reading the series for the first time today for example.  I think the show will improve things just by not splitting those characters up.
On re-read Feast and Dance have grown on me, and both are better than most of season 2 of the TV show.  That's not to say that there aren't parts I didn't like in books 3 and 4, but there is a lot of good stuff too.  If the primary reason for changing something is because they consider it flawed, they better come up with something that isn't worse to replace it with.
3284	Mulled Wino	2013-05-01	I suppose that's true.Yes, but he didnt know that Ramsey was an enemy, as he was reported to have been killed by Ser Rodrik. Robb had no idea the Bolton's had turned on him, so he had no reason to not attack Moat Cailin. Ramsay very well could have attacked his new army, but that wouldn't have figured in Robb's plan.Is it confirmed that Lady Dustin was fighting or the Bolton's at that point? I thought that she changed sides once the Starks bit the dust.  Would she have refused to fight? He also could have ordered the Bolton troops in the North to take it back. They wouldn't have done it, but it still would make sense as part of his plan. WH was building ships, but how would this prevent them from supplying troops to this hypothetical army? The mountain clans, while disorganised and semi-autonomous, coud have been persuaded to fight by a loyal retainer of Robb's, maybe an Umber, yet this never figured in his planTrue about Ramsey, but WH knew there was a threat at winterfell, so if it was ironborn or Ramsey, it wouldnt be a good strategy to leave oneself open for attack from the rear by whoever just killed your couple hundred troops you just sent to winterfell.  Much smarter to hold tight, protect the only fleet the north has, train new troops and strengthen your defenses (which we see plenty of evidence of when Davos gets there).  Its obvious Manderly hasnt been idle.
3285	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-01	A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons have a lot of filler, but it's only really a problem because they lack satisfying conclusions. And that's because the conclusions we got (Dany flying on Drogon, Jon being stabbed, Cersei's arrest and Walk of Shame, etc.) were originally supposed to take place at the beginning of the fourth book, not the end.
If the show put some AFfC/ADwD material into season 4 and fit the rest into season 5, I don't imagine there would be any notable drop in quality. The material in AFfC and ADwD is stronger in some places than in the first three books. All the show needs to do is get the pacing right (which is what they're doing this season by shuffling scenes around).
3286	Winter's Prince	2013-05-01	I don't understand how Karstark is half the Army, I was like what? At the very least the writers could have instead said that they supply a lot of the infantry or have the best archers or something to that degree. The only person from a single house that can come close to supporting Robb a lot of troops is Wyman Manderly.
And attacking Casterly Rock, wtf. How can he be so stupid. I mean come on as soon as TYwin hears of the attack the Lannister/Tyrell forces will march quickly. And what comes after the attack we stay and feast and what for the Lions. 
The whole reason he did not attack Casterly Rock in the books was because he had no siege weapons.
When it comes down to the wedding I believe I will not cry for Robb, I might not even care. But I do know I will cry for Cat because that's my baby, I love her. Damn when she wears her hair down she looks amazing, mhmmm.
3287	Khal Porno	2013-05-01	If the show put some AFfC/ADwD material into season 4 and fit the rest into season 5, I don't imagine there would be any notable drop in quality. Since you hate the show and think it's awful, don't you mean "it won't necessarily get any worse than it already is" or "maybe it will get better" instead of "there won't be any notable drop in quality?"
3288	Wunhopkuendo	2013-05-01	Two things on this whole Rob Stark affair:
1) He explains why he doesn't retake the North this last episode. I don't know why no one has mentioned it yet, and it is a good explaination. He says something along the lines of he could retake the North and then lose the war because his army will be back home with their families again. No chance of rallying them to his cause after that. For anyone that has been in war, as I have, it's a great reason to stay in the field and not return home.
2) On the Freys, didn't we see them leave after Rob marries Talisa? I could be wrong, but I thought for sure troops were leaving him at some point and it was mentioned that it was the Freys. Either way, Karstark does say that Rob lost the war when he married Talisa, so that should have been some indication that the Freys were important to the cause.
3289	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-01	Since you hate the show and think it's awful, don't you mean "it won't necessarily get any worse than it already is" or "maybe it will get better" instead of "there won't be any notable drop in quality?" Ah, what a surprise. You respond to my post with a strawman argument and ad hominem attacks. I have never said I "hate the show", nor have I said "it's awful". I've said it's enjoyable TV, but it had the potential to be "good" TV (e.g. I consider Breaking Bad to be "good" TV in a way that GoT post-season 1 is not).So I really don't understand what you're trying to say. I was simply stating that there shouldn't be any drop from the current quality of GoT if they adapt AFfC and ADwD correctly. My view of the current quality of GoT is irrelevant to this discussion.
3290	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Ah, what a surprise. You respond to my post with a strawman argument and ad hominem attacks. I have never said I "hate the show", nor have I said "it's awful". I've said it's enjoyable TV, but it had the potential to be "good" TV (e.g. I consider Breaking Bad to be "good" TV in a way that GoT post-season 1 is not).It is kinda ad hominem, but where's his strawman argument? Also, to be fair, you did say "I am so done with this show" quite recently.
3291	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-01	It is kinda ad hominem, but where's his strawman argument? Also, to be fair, you did say "I am so done with this show" quite recently."The Straw Man fallacy is committed when a person simply ignores a person's actual position and substitutes a distorted, exaggerated or misrepresented version of that position."I said I was done supporting the show. I will no longer recommend it to friends and family as a "good" show and I will no longer buy merchandise or the DVDs.
3292	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-01	Maybe Karstark is intermarried with other Northern lords in the show canon, and they deserted as well in retaliation for their brother/son-in-law's death?
Grasping at straws, I know /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 01 May 2013 - 05:32 PM.
3293	Winter's Prince	2013-05-01	Two things on this whole Rob Stark affair:1) He explains why he doesn't retake the North this last episode. I don't know why no one has mentioned it yet, and it is a good explaination. He says something along the lines of he could retake the North and then lose the war because his army will be back home with their families again. No chance of rallying them to his cause after that. For anyone that has been in war, as I have, it's a great reason to stay in the field and not return home.2) On the Freys, didn't we see them leave after Rob marries Talisa? I could be wrong, but I thought for sure troops were leaving him at some point and it was mentioned that it was the Freys. Either way, Karstark does say that Rob lost the war when he married Talisa, so that should have been some indication that the Freys were important to the cause.But that defeats the whole mythology of the North's undying loyalty to the Starks. And if he is incorporating the Riverlands into his kingdom then wouldn't they be obligated to ride south if the Trident was in trouble.My problem is with the North hating Robb how is it going to plan out when Dance storyline takes place in the show with Stannis and gang fighting against Bolton.
3294	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-01	But that defeats the whole mythology of the North's undying loyalty to the Starks. And if he is incorporating the Riverlands into his kingdom then wouldn't they be obligated to ride south if the Trident was in trouble.My problem is with the North hating Robb how is it going to plan out when Dance storyline takes place in the show with Stannis and gang fighting against Bolton.Because neither extreme is true. "Undying loyalty" obviously isn't the case - see Bolton, Karstark, and Dustin for examples. But neither do they hate him, even in the show - Locke seems very loyal to the Northern cause, for example. But people have this idea that the Northmen would do anything for the Starks, which simply isn't true.The Mountain Clans marching on Winterfell to save "Arya" is one thing - getting them to march into the Riverlands to save House Tully is a whole different ballgame.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 01 May 2013 - 07:43 PM.
3295	juanml82	2013-05-01	But that defeats the whole mythology of the North's undying loyalty to the Starks. And if he is incorporating the Riverlands into his kingdom then wouldn't they be obligated to ride south if the Trident was in trouble.My problem is with the North hating Robb how is it going to plan out when Dance storyline takes place in the show with Stannis and gang fighting against Bolton.Well, I think the consensus is that, by TWOW, the Northern Lords won't march south of the Twins. Even with the GNC, it's hard to think they'll march south in the books, so what Robb's saying kind of match the books.And given how the Karstarks were in the Bolton camp by AFFC/ADWD, they can still keep the same plots of the books. They will need to introduce the Mountain Clans and the Manderleys and it is a shame that, for the sake of simplicity, we don't have loyal, soon to be murdered, loyal Northerner houses with Robb. But they'll pull it through.Maybe they'll even keep Locke alive to play the role of a ruthless Stark loyalist in future seasons?
3296	Warhawk137	2013-05-01	Seems like a last-gasp effort on Robb's part to try to force the Lannisters to concede the north before winter or attrition results in a complete failure of his originally stated goals.
The annoying thing is, even with all his mistakes, Robb does get rather dangerously close to success.
3297	The Dragon has three heads	2013-05-01	I've been thing to think of ways to defend Robb's story line in the TV show...and cant.
No Grey wind, the all over the place marching, the irrational change to Talissa(which if it had of remained as Jeyne would at least have given them some excuse for less greywind).
The botched troop numbers, no mention of the iron born and moat calin and what that actually means strategically, the loss of great actors like Clive Russell and now this seemingly genius plan to take casterly rock.
For all the inspiration the red wedding gave D and D the execution(yep) has been poor as conpared to season one and parts of season 2 and feels like an after thought to Danny's and the KL storyline.
Edit.
Patrick.  This show is still not as bad as you make out.  We just have reference material to work off so will never find it as shocking or as intense as breaking bad, casual watcher friends are still very into it...even if they have to constantly ask questions to keep up...
							Edited by The Dragon has three heads, 01 May 2013 - 09:36 PM.
3298	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-01	But that defeats the whole mythology of the North's undying loyalty to the Starks. And if he is incorporating the Riverlands into his kingdom then wouldn't they be obligated to ride south if the Trident was in trouble.My problem is with the North hating Robb how is it going to plan out when Dance storyline takes place in the show with Stannis and gang fighting against Bolton.The North doesn't really hate Robb. Even Roose doesn't hate him. Karstark is a hater but the problem is rather that they don't show all the other Northern bannermen so they're going to have to introduce them well so that the Manderly and Mormont thing doesn't seem like "Who the hell are these people?" Right now on the show it looks like the north is Robb, Karstark, Bolton, and...that's about it.
3299	Khal Porno	2013-05-01	Ah, what a surprise. You respond to my post with a strawman argument and ad hominem attacks. I have never said I "hate the show", nor have I said "it's awful". I've said it's enjoyable TV, but it had the potential to be "good" TV (e.g. I consider Breaking Bad to be "good" TV in a way that GoT post-season 1 is not).So I really don't understand what you're trying to say. I was simply stating that there shouldn't be any drop from the current quality of GoT if they adapt AFfC and ADwD correctly. My view of the current quality of GoT is irrelevant to this discussion.I was just teasing you because you are constantly making the show out to be terrible and decrying its poor quality.
3300	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-01	I would be surprised if there was any discussion forum on the Internet where the contempt for Game of Thrones is equal to what it is here. 
Anyway. While I agree that Robb losing half his army as a result of the Karstarks leaving was numerically incorrect, it's obviously just a plot by the writers to make the audience understand why he needs the Freys in order to be able to achieve his objectives. If he'd said he'd lost 10% of his army then the impact would not quite have been there, and the audience needed to fully understand why he needed the Freys.
3301	The Drunkard	2013-05-01	I would be surprised if there was any discussion forum on the Internet where the contempt for Game of Thrones is equal to what it is here.Well, of course?This forum would house most (if not all) of the biggest book-fans on the internet. When the shows makes nearly pointless negative changes, people are going to be more ready to notice.
3302	juanml82	2013-05-01	Actually, it is when the show makes changes. Everyone has their favorite characters, scenes and imagined the books in a different way. Sometimes they are important, or at least, widespread, such as Arya killing the Tickler, or Stannis.
Of course, the D&D imagine the books in a different way and need to fit the story in a different format, with different requirements, strengths and weakness.
So, whenever certain fans sees a character or scene which isn't how he imagined or which D&D chose to cut something these fans feel important, they enter rant mode. And, despite all the rants, I'm sure they'll rate the show 10/10 if asked - they are certainly not going to stop watching it.
3303	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-02	Well, of course?This forum would house most (if not all) of the biggest book-fans on the internet. When the shows makes nearly pointless negative changes, people are going to be more ready to notice.Negative changes is subjective.But, yes. It's funny though because before the show was released the palpable excitement here likely had no equal, and now that the show has turned out to be a huge international success, so many hate it.
3304	The Drunkard	2013-05-02	Negative changes is subjectiveA tight grasp of the obvious.But, yes. It's funny though because before the show was released the palpable excitement here likely had no equal, and now that the show has turned out to be a huge international success, so many hate it.[citation needed]
3305	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-02	[citation needed]A citation for what? Are you asking me to provide a citation proving the forum's mood 3-4 years ago? Are you denying the show is a huge international success? Or are you unsure that "so many hate it"? Or a mixture perhaps?I am obviously incapable of providing evidence to prove the forum's excitement was palpable. Although, I suggest taking a look at the old casting threads. The show is a huge international success, that much is obvious, and the show gets a lot of hate on here.
3306	The Drunkard	2013-05-02	I'm not expecting you to cite anything.
But, what I was referencing is the claim that "now that the show has turned out to be a huge international success, so many hate it." As if 'many' people seriously hate the show because it is succesful.
3307	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-02	I'm not expecting you to cite anything.But, what I was referencing is the claim that "now that the show has turned out to be a huge international success, so many hate it." As if 'many' people seriously hate the show because it is succesful.Thank goodness. Had quite enough of that writing history essays.I'm not suggesting that they hate it because it is successful. Just pointing out that it's amusing (at least to me) that a successful adaptation can still be disliked by the hardcore fans of the original series.
3308	The Drunkard	2013-05-02	Ah k, my mistake. I thought you were saying they hate it because of it's success, and hence the "so".
3309	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Thank goodness. Had quite enough of that writing history essays.I'm not suggesting that they hate it because it is successful. Just pointing out that it's amusing (at least to me) that a successful adaptation can still be disliked by the hardcore fans of the original series.Reading is a very personal experience - and in a work like aSoIaF, the craft of GRRM to put so much depth into the back story and characters - coupled with the copious breadcrumbs, imagery and foreshadowing means many a brain explosion is had. This makes people really passionate about it.I love the TV series.I don't love the hatchet job that has been done to some of the main stories - like anything north of the Wall, or King Robb marching back and forth aimlessly.
3310	Honey Badger	2013-05-02	I don't mind.  The important beats are there.  Karstarks pissed, Frey will get some, Robb will enjoy a quiet dinner at the Twins.  No one cares about 9000 except for Vegeta.
For strict technical data and strategy/tactics, I love that stuff, but GRRM was pretty good considering he's just a scifi/fantasy writer, while D&D seem even more clueless.  These guys unfortunately aren't very good at being military history nerds.  There are all sorts of inaccuracies if you want to nitpick.
What I would absolutely love, more than ASOIAF, is if a writer skilled at depicting intrigue and accurate medieval warfare were to do a fantasy series set in a fictional land with no magic.  Just straight humans backstabbing each other and casting the die.  Unfortunately most writers are nerds not versed in military history, while most historians probably wouldn't make great fantasy writers.  And let's face it, magic is a good deus ex machina that writers can't resist.  Oh well.
					
					
							Edited by Honey Badger, 02 May 2013 - 01:16 AM.
3311	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	All they had to do was say "with the Karstark men gone and all the other deserters that went with them" we have lost half the men.
3312	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-02	Two things on this whole Rob Stark affair:1) He explains why he doesn't retake the North this last episode. I don't know why no one has mentioned it yet, and it is a good explaination. He says something along the lines of he could retake the North and then lose the war because his army will be back home with their families again. No chance of rallying them to his cause after that. For anyone that has been in war, as I have, it's a great reason to stay in the field and not return home.2) On the Freys, didn't we see them leave after Rob marries Talisa? I could be wrong, but I thought for sure troops were leaving him at some point and it was mentioned that it was the Freys. Either way, Karstark does say that Rob lost the war when he married Talisa, so that should have been some indication that the Freys were important to the cause.I had completely forgotten about point 1, thank you. I can't remember anything about point 2, though. I suppose I should rewatch episode 2x10!
3313	wolverine	2013-05-02	Two things on this whole Rob Stark affair:1) He explains why he doesn't retake the North this last episode. I don't know why no one has mentioned it yet, and it is a good explaination. He says something along the lines of he could retake the North and then lose the war because his army will be back home with their families again. No chance of rallying them to his cause after that. For anyone that has been in war, as I have, it's a great reason to stay in the field and not return home.2) On the Freys, didn't we see them leave after Rob marries Talisa? I could be wrong, but I thought for sure troops were leaving him at some point and it was mentioned that it was the Freys. Either way, Karstark does say that Rob lost the war when he married Talisa, so that should have been some indication that the Freys were important to the cause.1)  I am not sure how good of an explanation it is.  What was their point with the war?  To avenge his father's death?  They have no chance ot taking King's landing anymore, but I do think they have established they can be an independent kingdom in the North.  If they went home, the men would be roused from their castles if King Joffrey sent an army north attempting to make them submit to his authority again.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 02 May 2013 - 02:08 AM.
3314	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-05-02	i have to agree with people complaning about Young Wolf ...
in the books my fav character in the TV show he seems to be getting dumbier by the minute ....
3315	Rain of Castamere	2013-05-02	sorry, i didnt read the whole thread, but one thing i did not quite get:
Robb says he is going to attack CR (which is debatable in itself) but for that he needs the only force who hasnt declared allegency with one side so far: the freys. but didnt rob already get the frey man when he crossed the twins? afaik he got all the frey man beside 400 man to defend the castle. So what is he hoping to get there?
Im not getting it..
3316	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-02	I was wondering: is "Seven Hells" a common curse even for those who worship the Old Gods? Jon said it this episode. It would be too stupid a mistake to actually BE a mistake. I know, for instance, that people in Italy also curse to gods which are not theirs. Could that be the case? A common phrase used regardless of one's religious belief?
3317	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-02	I was wondering: is "Seven Hells" a common curse even for those who worship the Old Gods? Jon said it this episode. It would be too stupid a mistake to actually BE a mistake. I know, for instance, that people in Italy also curse to gods which are not theirs. Could that be the case? A common phrase used regardless of one's religious belief?I thought that too. I don't know what a believer in the Old Gods would say, though. "Trees!"
3318	David Selig	2013-05-02	I was wondering: is "Seven Hells" a common curse even for those who worship the Old Gods? Jon said it this episode. It would be too stupid a mistake to actually BE a mistake. I know, for instance, that people in Italy also curse to gods which are not theirs. Could that be the case? A common phrase used regardless of one's religious belief? I wondered this too and made a search in the books. Ned and Jon both use this expression. Theon too.
3319	Winter's Prince	2013-05-02	The North doesn't really hate Robb. Even Roose doesn't hate him. Karstark is a hater but the problem is rather that they don't show all the other Northern bannermen so they're going to have to introduce them well so that the Manderly and Mormont thing doesn't seem like "Who the hell are these people?" Right now on the show it looks like the north is Robb, Karstark, Bolton, and...that's about it.Right they just have a small inner circle for Robb of course his family is going to be loyal but it would be nice to see at least one Northern lord who absolutely loves him like the Greatjon or a Glover. Before the season I was hoping to see at least Dacey cause I wanted to hear that famous line "I have fought beside the Young Wolf in every battle, he has not lost one yet"
3320	MeadMaker	2013-05-02	FTR, anyone who says "I don't care about the non-book readers" probably shouldn't waste their time watching the show.I agree 100% The fact is non-book readers sometimes become book readers and it should matter what their perspective of the show is since it can bring them into the book reader fold. I know that I made the decision to read the books after Episode 109 when Ned dies. It appealed to me that the typical fantasy trope of last minute rescue from execution didn't happen, and now I'm a reader.
3321	Ran	2013-05-02	Robb's explanation is rather silly to me, though. The problem is that he's basically prolonging an utterly hopeless war by going at Casterly Rock. Even if he could feasibly take it, what does that do, really? He's stuck in the west, he has the Reach to the south, King's Landing to the east, ironmen to the west and north. It's a foolish trap.On the show, going north is obviously the only right way to go. Will the northern lords abandon the southern part of his realm? Probably. But as it is, it's indefensible against the might gathered against him, unless you could possibly get support from... wait, crap, did they actually not ever mention the fact that his aunt is still sitting with the forces of the Vale to the east? When Robb says that the only lord with the power to attack Casterly Rock who hasn't sided is Walder Frey, surely he should say that there's Lysa? In the novel, of course, he raises this very question, only for Catelyn to shoot it down as a hope. How strange, though, that he doesn't mention it.But in any case, I digress. The only obvious path is North on the show, as in the novels. In the book, Robb is of course risking losing the riverlands behind him, too, but he pretty literally has no choice. All he can really hope is that once in the North, he'll win some smashing victories, and perhaps from there motivate at least enough troops to go back to bolster the defenses of the riverlands.ETA: And yes, on the show (as in the books) Walder Frey actually promised to follow Robb and gave him troops. They have failed to note (but it's obviously the intention) that the Freys withdrew after he married Talisa. Another bit of sloppiness on their part. They have for some reason failed to emphasize the Freys at all.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 May 2013 - 07:54 AM.
3322	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	Thank goodness. Had quite enough of that writing history essays.I'm not suggesting that they hate it because it is successful. Just pointing out that it's amusing (at least to me) that a successful adaptation can still be disliked by the hardcore fans of the original series.Meh, you can't please everyone.  I personally don't understand the opinion of some book fans that the show is rubbish, but they certainly have the right to that opinion.  And there is no universally beloved work or literature, film, music, or television.  For any given artistic work, you can find someone who thinks its shit.
3323	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Right they just have a small inner circle for Robb of course his family is going to be loyal but it would be nice to see at least one Northern lord who absolutely loves him like the Greatjon or a Glover. Before the season I was hoping to see at least Dacey cause I wanted to hear that famous line "I have fought beside the Young Wolf in every battle, he has not lost one yet"Yep exactly. Who are going to be the Northern Lords with him at the RW? Bolton is the only one left according to the show.No Umber and no Mormonts made me sad inside all last season, especially after Greatjon's role in S1 and the appearance of Lady Maege in the 'King in the North' scene.
3324	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-02	Robb's explanation is rather silly to me, though. The problem is that he's basically prolonging an utterly hopeless war by going at Casterly Rock. Even if he could feasibly take it, what does that do, really? He's stuck in the west, he has the Reach to the south, King's Landing to the east, ironmen to the west and north. It's a foolish trap.On the show, going north is obviously the only right way to go. Will the northern lords abandon the southern part of his realm? Probably. But as it is, it's indefensible against the might gathered against him, unless you could possibly get support from... wait, crap, did they actually not ever mention the fact that his aunt is still sitting with the forces of the Vale to the east? When Robb says that the only lord with the power to attack Casterly Rock who hasn't sided is Walder Frey, surely he should say that there's Lysa? In the novel, of course, he raises this very question, only for Catelyn to shoot it down as a hope. How strange, though, that he doesn't mention it.But in any case, I digress. The only obvious path is North on the show, as in the novels. In the book, Robb is of course risking losing the riverlands behind him, too, but he pretty literally has no choice. All he can really hope is that once in the North, he'll win some smashing victories, and perhaps from there motivate at least enough troops to go back to bolster the defenses of the riverlands.ETA: And yes, on the show (as in the books) Walder Frey actually promised to follow Robb and gave him troops. They have failed to note (but it's obviously the intention) that the Freys withdrew after he married Talisa. Another bit of sloppiness on their part. They have for some reason failed to emphasize the Freys at all.Sorry Ran, but how can it be a bit of sloppiness, if you say they did it on purpose?Of course, mentioning that the Freys had left the northen army would have been so easy, that not doing it CANNOT be a mistake. I'm willing to see how they will wrap things up in the next episode. I suppose they thought that noone would have remembered about the Freys leaving if they showed it too early in the season, or even back in season 2. So I think that what Robb said to Talisa had the purpose to make viewers go "Oh, right! He had to marry that creepy man's daughter! But, why did he say he hasn't yet sided with the Lannisters? Wasn't he fighting for the North? What happened?". I think things wil be thoroughly explained in ep. 3x06 (we see Robb speaking with two Freys in the preview). For now, I think non-readers are supposed to be left with a huge question mark, to make them recall all the marriage-Walder-Frey army stuff.Of course, this is what I suppose they wanted to do. Next Sunday's could prove me completely wrong.
3325	juanml82	2013-05-02	Robb's explanation is rather silly to me, though. The problem is that he's basically prolonging an utterly hopeless war by going at Casterly Rock. Even if he could feasibly take it, what does that do, really? He's stuck in the west, he has the Reach to the south, King's Landing to the east, ironmen to the west and north. It's a foolish trap.On the show, going north is obviously the only right way to go. Will the northern lords abandon the southern part of his realm? Probably. But as it is, it's indefensible against the might gathered against him, unless you could possibly get support from... wait, crap, did they actually not ever mention the fact that his aunt is still sitting with the forces of the Vale to the east? When Robb says that the only lord with the power to attack Casterly Rock who hasn't sided is Walder Frey, surely he should say that there's Lysa? In the novel, of course, he raises this very question, only for Catelyn to shoot it down as a hope. How strange, though, that he doesn't mention it.But in any case, I digress. The only obvious path is North on the show, as in the novels. In the book, Robb is of course risking losing the riverlands behind him, too, but he pretty literally has no choice. All he can really hope is that once in the North, he'll win some smashing victories, and perhaps from there motivate at least enough troops to go back to bolster the defenses of the riverlands.ETA: And yes, on the show (as in the books) Walder Frey actually promised to follow Robb and gave him troops. They have failed to note (but it's obviously the intention) that the Freys withdrew after he married Talisa. Another bit of sloppiness on their part. They have for some reason failed to emphasize the Freys at all.At that point, Robb had to surrender while he was still in a position of relative strenght. That's true both in the books and the show.And, thinking about Northern bannerman, what's going to happen with Robb's will? Would he entrust it to the Blackfish? I don't think there is anyone else who can be trusted with it.
3326	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	And, thinking about Northern bannerman, what's going to happen with Robb's will? Would he entrust it to the Blackfish? I don't think there is anyone else who can be trusted with it.All things considered, yeah, that probably makes the most sense at this point.
3327	Ran	2013-05-02	Sorry Ran, but how can it be a bit of sloppiness, if you say they did it on purpose?They intended the Freys to withdraw their support. Their failure to note this at all is sloppiness. The idea that they can't mention the Freys more than once is just  not credible. They should have mentioned it at least a couple of times prior to episode 5. If losing Karstark was so bad, losing the Freys would have been worse, but as it is, the show is silent about them. Stupid, especially when they're playing a big part in the back half.David and Dan have all this stuff planned out for them, and yet still they seem to have a real problem with being able to drop breadcrumbs about upcoming story points.At that point, Robb had to surrender while he was still in a position of relative strenght. That's true both in the books and the show.Not really true. Robb could have thrown the ironmen out and held on to the North easily enough. The only reason to surrender might be to win favorable terms.
3328	Silverx2	2013-05-02	Robb should have gotten the dornish to his cause.
3329	Joyful Union	2013-05-02	David and Dan have all this stuff planned out for them, and yet still they seem to have a real problem with being able to drop breadcrumbs about upcoming story points.I feel that GRRM has a problem with this too (Aegon anyone?), though not on this level.But that aside, what other story lines did this happen in? I accept that the Frey's was an oversight, I just can't think  other stories where there was this kind of issue.
3330	Cadiva	2013-05-02	The way the show is laying the foundation for why Robb ends up at the Twins is indeed clumsy to book readers, but I think it's too minor to get upset about. They are having Robb go for Casterly Rock rather than to retake the north because other than what he have seen from Theon's point of view, very little has been said about the impact of the Ironmen. They have also already established through reports by Bolton that Winterfell was retaken but found destroyed. I think they believe that it will be too confusing for people first coming to the story if there are somehow enough Northmen left to have retaken Winterfell but that most of the north is still cut off from Robb's army. It seems they think it will be simpler to frame the story that Robb is going to the Twins to make amends with Frey in order to make one more push to win the war he's been fighting against the Lannisters rather than the book story where he is essentially putting the Lannisters on hiatus so he can deal with the Ironmen.Totally agree, within the context of the show it's perfectly feasible and makes sense that he would approach Walder Frey to gain more troops and try to take Casterly Rock to force Tywin out of King's Landing (or to draw out some of the King's Landing defending forces) and then, with CR in his possession, he may feel he has a bargaining chip to get Sansa and Arya (who he still doesn't know isn't at KL) released.
3331	Ran	2013-05-02	Joyful,I feel that GRRM has a problem with this too (Aegon anyone?), though not on this level.People have been guessing that Aegon, or a fake Aegon, would be introduced to the story some time from around ACoK. So, no, not really an issue.But that aside, what other story lines did this happen in?Well, every single piece of foreshadowing from the House of the Undying vanished...
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 May 2013 - 10:15 AM.
3332	Joyful Union	2013-05-02	People have been guessing that Aegon, or a fake Aegon, would be introduced to the story some time from around ACoK. So, no, not really an issue.Well, every single piece of foreshadowing from the House of the Undying vanished...I suppose I must have missed whatever clues there were. What were they?They have no impact on what occurs, and they don't make it harder to understand what is happening in any of the story lines. Cutting prophecies is not quite the same as not leaving breadcrumbs.
3333	Wunhopkuendo	2013-05-02	1)  I am not sure how good of an explanation it is.  What was their point with the war?  To avenge his father's death?  They have no chance ot taking King's landing anymore, but I do think they have established they can be an independent kingdom in the North.  If they went home, the men would be roused from their castles if King Joffrey sent an army north attempting to make them submit to his authority again.You're right in that they could easily keep the North and rally again under Rob if Joffrey were to attack. In the end, peace would have to be made with the North because no one would be able to take it unless Tywin could get all other kingdoms to band together. That still doesn't save Sansa or Arya (I can't remember if Rob knows Arya is not at KL or not), nor does it avenge his father. On the show, the viewer can see that Tywin and his army is at KL and not at Casterly Rock, which means that either Rob thinks he can take it (with the Freys help) or else he can force Tywin to come and rescue it, thus a chance to capture and kill him. It's not brilliant, but he is a boy (or young man anyway) and the show doesn't have to be brilliant. It just has to make the viewer think "ah, that could work" long enough for the RW to have a shock value.
3334	BurningCandle	2013-05-02	It struck me as a wild bid to hit a heavy blow to House Lannister's morale, if not their army.
3335	Sun	2013-05-02	Yes, Robb's strategic war narrative is a complete mess on the show. And I agree, the Freys actually leaving Robb should have been shown last season, and mentioned earlier this season. People have been guessing that Aegon, or a fake Aegon, would be introduced to the story some time from around ACoK. So, no, not really an issue.Well, every single piece of foreshadowing from the House of the Undying vanished...Yes. Prediction were mainly based on HotU prophecies. However, the way Aegon suddenly appeared in book 5 with no real, tangible, build up to him earlier, apart from a line of prophecy 2 books earlier, felt exceedingly contrived... to me anyway.
3336	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	Joyful,People have been guessing that Aegon, or a fake Aegon, would be introduced to the story some time from around ACoK. So, no, not really an issue.Well, fake Aegon if anyone wants my opinion, but anyway, it does beg the question, given the voluminous amount of stuff that could be considered "foreshadowing" in the book, whether GRRM has all that kind of thing laid out ahead of time or whether he's just plastering the landscape with Chekhov's Guns that he can pick up later.  /ph34r.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ph34r:' />He's got enough of those hanging around right now to outfit the military of a small European country.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 02 May 2013 - 02:49 PM.
3337	Ran	2013-05-02	I know for a fact that Aegon's been something GRRM has had planned, if not from the very start of writing, not long after AGoT.  (The identity of the three-eyed crow, as well.)
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 May 2013 - 03:42 PM.
3338	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	I know for a fact that Aegon's been something GRRM has had planned, if not from the very start of writing, not long after AGoT. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> (The identity of the three-eyed crow, as well.)"Mother of dragons... slayer of lies" (or however it goes) - the three lies:"Glowing like sunset, a red sword was raised in the hand of a blue-eyed king who cast no shadow. A cloth dragon swayed on poles amid a cheering crowd. From a stone tower, a great stone beast took wing, breathing shadow fire"Bolded sounds like Aegon Blackfyre to me....
3339	Mulled Wino	2013-05-02	Negative changes is subjective.But, yes. It's funny though because before the show was released the palpable excitement here likely had no equal, and now that the show has turned out to be a huge international success, so many hate it.Why so sensitive?  Griping about the show doesnt mean we hate it.
3340	Khal Porno	2013-05-03	I know for a fact that Aegon's been something GRRM has had planned, if not from the very start of writing, not long after AGoT. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> (The identity of the three-eyed crow, as well.)How do you know for a fact?  I'm not doubting you, just asking how it is you came to this knowledge.
3341	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-03	I feel that GRRM has a problem with this too (Aegon anyone?), though not on this level. There were enough hints to make it a possibility, but it was supposed to be a bit of a plot twist to show the level of secrecy Varys was capable of. It's hardly the same as failing to include vital details, which is what the show has done. Honestly, would it have been hard at all to show a few Freys abandoning Robb in the first episode? The fact that we don't even get a mention of the Freys leaving them is just bizarre. Was it deliberate, or just laziness?
3342	Jolene Brown	2013-05-03	I just loved the way the Frey issue happened in the book, with Caitlyn seeing the Freys storm out from where she was confined to chambers but not knowing why yet.  I know they couldn't necessarily have done it that way in the show, but it does make me sad.  Also the way Robb felt that it would have been different if Stefford (I think?  Or was it Stevron?) was still alive (Walder's original heir, who died fighting for Robb).  You just see that avalanche gathering speed, snowflake by snowflake.  Beautiful.
3343	Israel	2013-05-03	where is everyone getting this 9000 figure?  The 18000 mentioned last season included the Freys if I recall correctly so lets say the Freys are 6000.  robb loses the Freys so hes down to 12000 , so lets say karstark had 5k or 6k troops nor almost 10k.
3344	zaphodbrx	2013-05-04	Your wrong. Tywin constantly says 'twenty thousand northmen'. Robb's army hasn't taken any casualties. Also, it is entirely made up of northmen.
3345	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	Your wrong. Tywin constantly says 'twenty thousand northmen'. Robb's army hasn't taken any casualties. Also, it is entirely made up of northmen.When was the last time Tywin said that figure?
3346	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-04	I just had a rewatch. It was never said that the Karstarks were half the northern army. Tywin said that Robb lost half his men, but he didn't specifically indicate that they were all Karstarks. That could have (and probably did) include various casualties along the way.
I think they have made a mistake with the Freys though. I think they've decided that the Freys did not join the northern army, even though they did. I had a look at episode nine of season one and Catelyn definitely indicates that the Freys are joining with the Starks.
3347	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	I just had a rewatch. It was never said that the Karstarks were half the northern army. Tywin said that Robb lost half his men, but he didn't specifically indicate that they were all Karstarks. That could have (and probably did) include various casualties along the way.I think they have made a mistake with the Freys though. I think they've decided that the Freys did not join the northern army, even though they did. I had a look at episode nine of season one and Catelyn definitely indicates that the Freys are joining with the Starks.I thik that Robb's "the Freys haven't yet sided with the Lannisters" means that the Freys have left the northen army, but haven't YET sided AGAINST it.
3348	Lord Commander Tollett	2013-05-04	They really should have mentioned the Freys having marched home as well and that he has to get them back to bolster his numbers again or something. I don't know. At this point, as a book reader, I'm fairly confused with what they've done to Robb's storyline and it's one of the very few changes that I'm not happy about.
3349	David Selig	2013-05-04	I just had a rewatch. It was never said that the Karstarks were half the northern army.Yes, it was. I already posted the quote earlier in this topic - http://asoiaf.wester...20#entry4380654"The Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces."
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 04 May 2013 - 07:31 AM.
3350	Ran	2013-05-04	Nope. In the Robb and Talisa scene, Robb reitereates that "almost half our forces" are gone now that the Karstarks left.
3351	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	I thik that Robb's "the Freys haven't yet sided with the Lannisters" means that the Freys have left the northen army, but haven't YET sided AGAINST it.Why not say that then?  Its a gaping plot hole and that's a sorry excuse for covering it.
3352	Sun	2013-05-04	Why not say that then?  Its a gaping plot hole and that's a sorry excuse for covering it.Because it's Robb's arc, and Robb's arc is where the show gives itself permission to fuck up. I've almost come to making peace with that fact. Almost...
3353	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	Why not say that then?  Its a gaping plot hole and that's a sorry excuse for covering it.I'm not trying to cover it! The show has been everyhing but clear about the Freys. I was only saying how I understood that sentence the first time I heard it.
3354	zaphodbrx	2013-05-04	When was the last time Tywin said that figure?In S3 E2, Tywin says that twenty thousand unwashed northmen are looking for Jamie.Also in the same episode, Robb says that he 'needs his uncle's men'. This clearly implies that the riverlanders ( including the Freys ) are not fighting for Robb yet.It's worth noting that 'Riverlands' is hardly ever mentioned in season 2.
3355	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	http://www.youtube.c...be_gdata_player
I've just seen this bit frim 3x02. I can't clearly understand everything lord Karstark says, but I clearly hear "we've got half the men". Now, I don't want to jump the gun, since I don't understand what he says before that, but it could mean that the Karstarks leaving in 3x05 are half of WHAT'S LEFT of the northen army. Anyone care to listen to it?
3356	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	Because it's Robb's arc, and Robb's arc is where the show gives itself permission to fuck up. I've almost come to making peace with that fact. Almost...I just make fun of Robb's storyline when I watch.  Its liberating for the one hour of the week (plus an extra rewatch or two) and irritating for the rest of the week.
3357	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T_AK7v7caA&feature=youtube_gdata_playerI've just seen this bit frim 3x02. I can't clearly understand everything lord Karstark says, but I clearly hear "we've got half the men". Now, I don't want to jump the gun, since I don't understand what he says before that, but it could mean that the Karstarks leaving in 3x05 are half of WHAT'S LEFT of the northen army. Anyone care to listen to it?I tried to watch but I cant get past Robb forcing his troops to walk back to riverrun for a goddam funeral (during a war).  I just cant.  Show Robb listens to exactly no one's council.  They forgot, that's supposed to be Cat who listens to no one.
3358	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	In S3 E2, Tywin says that twenty thousand unwashed northmen are looking for Jamie.Also in the same episode, Robb says that he 'needs his uncle's men'. This clearly implies that the riverlanders ( including the Freys ) are not fighting for Robb yet.It's worth noting that 'Riverlands' is hardly ever mentioned in season 2.What?????  The Riverlanders just fought the Mountain and Edmure got a scolding over it.  Not to mention Cat told Robb already that the Freys men are his.  You ahould just delete that post.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 04 May 2013 - 08:39 AM.
3359	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	I tried to watch but I cant get past Robb forcing his troops to walk back to riverrun for a goddam funeral (during a war).  I just cant.  Show Robb listens to exactly no one's council.  They forgot, that's supposed to be Cat who listens to no one.Ahah! Come on mate! Try and listen to it for me!
3360	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	Double post
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 04 May 2013 - 08:35 AM.
3361	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	Ahah! Come on mate! Try and listen to it for me!Ok, i put up with that tortuous scene and, to me, what he's saying is that Robb and co have half the men that the Lannisters have.
3362	hombay	2013-05-04	I can live with everything so far mentioned in this thread. TV show adaption of books and all, I can get my head wrapped around why they did this or that.However, never and I mean NEVER would Stannis allow his wife to keep miscarriaged and unborn babies in GLASS JARS on Dragonstone.  Stannis is a NO NONSENSE ruler, and would NEVER ALLOW that.  Why even add something like this in?  It adds nothing to the show.  Sure, Stannis is a ways out there with the Red God stuff but he never follows it whole heartedly.They are turning TV Stannis into a wimp when in reality he is supposed to be one of the biggest badasses.It is commonly believed that the fetuses will take the role of the leeches from the books.
3363	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	Ok, i put up with that tortuous scene and, to me, what he's saying is that Robb and co have half the men that the Lannisters have.Really? I can't hear them saying the word Lannister! After 20 times, I think I figured it out: "unless your uncke is making his men breed, they're useless; we've got half the men". Or something like that.
3364	Mulled Wino	2013-05-04	Really? I can't hear them saying the word Lannister! After 20 times, I think I figured it out: "unless your uncke is making his men breed, they're useless; we've got half the men". Or something like that.Half the men as the lannisters
3365	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Yeah, it wouldn't make sense in context for him to say we have half of your forces. He's comparing their force to their enemy's.
3366	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-04	Yeah, it wouldn't make sense in context for him to say we have half of your forces. He's comparing their force to their enemy's.I thought it was "half the men we had before". But fine!
3367	wandering	2013-05-04	Think theyre doing a great job portraying Robb as the very same idiot he is in the books.
3368	Khal Porno	2013-05-04	Think theyre doing a great job portraying Robb as the very same idiot he is in the books.Haha! But HONOR, GRIEF, etc.
3369	Jasta11	2013-05-04	They should have made it clear that the Freys have deserted him (which seems pretty damn logical to me), and that the Karstark forces were those that took the least casualties in Robb's other battles so they were more important. But then Robb,s decision to execute him makes even less sense than before, seriously, just put the man in a tower and forget him. He,s not worth losing half your standing forces.
I do agree with some that they kinda made a hash of Robb's story since Talisa. it's just hard to care when it's perfectly blatant he's digging himself in a massive hole. But then again, it was like that in the books too. I guess they need to setup the RW, but they shouldn't make Robb unlikable and stupid in the process. It's really obvious something bad will happen to him now.
To those who say that armies travel fast; the books have the exact same problem. Blackwater Bay is a serious offender, with Tywin teleporting from the Riverlands and the massive Tyrell army showing up out of friggin nowhere. People and/or information crossing the Narrow Sea seemingly in a day. Making a timeline for the books is just as hard as for the show. The producers must work with what they have.
3370	Montey14	2013-05-04	I am very disappointed with this episode. It is said, that Karstark forces are almost half of the army. I don't think Karstarks have around 9000 men. Another nonsense is, when Robb decides that he will take Casterly Rock. In this how, he just keep wandering from here to there.After he crossed the Twins ( with Frey forces, save for four hundred garrison) and defeated Jaime ( and unlogically avoided Riverrun), he went to plunder the Westerlands. It is said that he conquered the Crag (which is very close to Casterly Rock) and can't attack on Casterly Rock, because he's short of troops. Then he goes back to Harrenhal (where he must garrison some troops), then during march to the Riverrun he said that he will join Riverrun garrison to his forces.  It does not make sense, to attack Casterly Rock. He has same (even if Frey possible left him after marriage with Talisa) number of troops, maybe even fewer, as he had on Season 2.  Well in the books...his plan is much more sound...which is to enlist the Frey's and the cranogmen to take back Moat Calin from the Ironmen  and take back the north....in essence leaving kings landing for another day....reconciling the fact that one sister is dead and the other married to Tyrion.  I guess it's a more romanticized plot to try and take Casterly  Rok and draw out the lannisters ....either way he doesn't get the chance to do neither and we know why.....so the point is mute.....they just need a backdrop as to why he needs to go back to Frey hat in hand....
3371	juanml82	2013-05-04	I guess it's also the 'leave King's Landing for another day'. Show Robb plan disregards the North and KG for an all or nothing gamble - which raises the odds.
3372	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Well in the books...his plan is much more sound...which is to enlist the Frey's and the cranogmen to take back Moat Calin from the Ironmen  and take back the north....in essence leaving kings landing for another day....reconciling the fact that one sister is dead and the other married to Tyrion.  I guess it's a more romanticized plot to try and take Casterly  Rok and draw out the lannisters ....either way he doesn't get the chance to do neither and we know why.....so the point is mute.....they just need a backdrop as to why he needs to go back to Frey hat in hand....The point is moot, not mute. In the books the plot to go home leads you to believe they're content to wait out winter in their strength. This plot is more like we need to take something of theirs to get back on the winning side, which would totally work if Robb wasn't so helplessly behind.
3373	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-05	Yes, it was. I already posted the quote earlier in this topic - http://asoiaf.wester...20#entry4380654"The Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces."Ah, you're right! Can't believe I missed that.
3374	Birdsong65	2013-05-05	According to HBOGoT, the only confirmed losses to Robb's army is that number loyal to Karstark.  What I imagine is that the writers are keeping the Frey faction with Robb, despite the marriage, but using their presence to up the ante, as in the Freys are reporting to Tywin from within Robb's camp, not Talisa as many would prefer, and plans for the RW were begun prior to the Karstark beheading.   The show has made very clear Robb, at this point, has very little control of his sworn bannermen, thus the planning for something like the RW, happening within his own camp by factions who have sworn oaths/allegiances to TKotN, who accompany him to the Twinns, would be a bit of a shocker, I suppose, on screen.  I prefer the book, but whatever.The entire "take Casterly Rock" theme, to my mind, is a plot device to allow for Cat to say "Then show them how it feels to lose something they love," which is arguably another ham-fisted foreshadowing for the RW, and a doubling down on LS.
3375	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-05	According to HBOGoT, the only confirmed losses to Robb's army is that number loyal to Karstark.  What I imagine is that the writers are keeping the Frey faction with Robb, despite the marriage, but using their presence to up the ante, as in the Freys are reporting to Tywin from within Robb's camp, not Talisa as many would prefer, and plans for the RW were begun prior to the Karstark beheading.   The show has made very clear Robb, at this point, has very little control of his sworn bannermen, thus the planning for something like the RW, happening within his own camp by factions who have sworn oaths/allegiances to TKotN, who accompany him to the Twinns, would be a bit of a shocker, I suppose, on screen.  I prefer the book, but whatever.The entire "take Casterly Rock" theme, to my mind, is a plot device to allow for Cat to say "Then show them how it feels to lose something they love," which is arguably another ham-fisted foreshadowing for the RW, and a doubling down on LS.But, if the Freys are still with Robb, why did he say that "they haven't sided with the Lannisters yet"?
3376	Birdsong65	2013-05-05	But, if the Freys are still with Robb, why did he say that "they haven't sided with the Lannisters yet"?I think that's the whole point being made here.  TPTB at HBO have neither categorically confirmed nor denied the Frey faction's allegiances at this moment.  What they have made clear is that an oath was forged early in the war which was based on a future marriage of two Stark siblings to two Freys, and that Old Walder Frey makes a habit of waiting until the very last moment to declare for anyone, regardless.  Also clear is the fact that Robb broke that oath, but that does not mean he lost the Frey's in his camp presently on the show.  That they haven't sided with the Lannister's yet could very well be D&D allowing that the Freys haven't left Robb's camp, which could leave one to conclude that if they haven't gone, then they are still there because it serves some purpose as yet unrevealed.  That purpose would be the completely unforeseeable RW.  I'm just spitballing here because, IMHO, the show has made a clusterfuck of the storyline altogether, and in vain I still try to make some sense of it.
3377	The Mondrian Oak	2013-05-05	[/background][/left][/font][/color]I think that's the whole point being made here.  TPTB at HBO have neither categorically confirmed nor denied the Frey faction's allegiances at this moment.  What they have made clear is that an oath was forged early in the war which was based on a future marriage of two Stark siblings to two Freys, and that Old Walder Frey makes a habit of waiting until the very last moment to declare for anyone, regardless.  Also clear is the fact that Robb broke that oath, but that does not mean he lost the Frey's in his camp presently on the show.  That they haven't sided with the Lannister's yet could very well be D&D allowing that the Freys haven't left Robb's camp, which could leave one to conclude that if they haven't gone, then they are still there because it serves some purpose as yet unrevealed.  That purpose would be the completely unforeseeable RW.  I'm just spitballing here because, IMHO, the show has made a clusterfuck of the storyline altogether, and in vain I still try to make some sense of it.We are on the same bloody boat then. I really hope tonight show explains everything.
3378	WinterKing	2013-04-28	The thread for this episode.
3379	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-28	Watched with the fam as normal.  The Twin/Tyrion/Cersei scene scored high marks, Beric vs the Hound was well done, and the Jaime and Brienne bath scene went over well.
Everything else was blah.
3380	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I watched this one alone but my friend texted me right after the duel "THE HOUND IS FUCKING AWESOME." 
I feel like some fans would consider it a boring episode as it's more tension building but those who appreciate the dialogue and plot formation would probably rate it very highly.
3381	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-28	Arg. president Cristina K, twitted that she watched the show and she thought Dany would marry either Jon or Robb.
3382	Zman1863	2013-04-28	My sister rolled her eyes at Beric's resurrection. Not my favorite development in the books either so I understood.
3383	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-28	My family was freaking out when Beric was resurrected. And disgusted when Tyrion was told to marry Sansa. They loved the Jaime/Brienne scene, and for some reason my father was unimpressed with the Hound/Beric fight.
Oh and they were confused about Shereen's facial condition and grossed out by Selyse's (sp?) stillborn shrine.
					
					
							Edited by The Ghost of Winter, 28 April 2013 - 09:27 PM.
3384	go joff go	2013-04-28	It wouldn't surprise me if book readers like the episode more then show watchers.  It was a very insider type episode.
3385	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-28	My friend said that Grey Worm looks like young Obama.
Beric vs. the Hound is awesome...the rest are okay.
3386	Jaqen Jay-Z	2013-04-28	I always watch this show with my mother and sister who aren't book readers (although my sister is trying to get through the first one right now).  They both were confused by Shireen's face, so after Mad Men I'm supposed to explain what's up with that.
My mom already seemed to figure out that they were going to marry Tyrion to Sansa, I need to ask her how she figured it out.  Aaaaand Arya's scenes moved all of us, especially when she asked Thoros about being able to resurrect her father.  Mom was also confused by the exchange between Gendry/Arya but I explained it quickly and then it made sense to her.  
Oh, and they were both surprised that Robb didn't listen to his mother/uncle/wife about how to handle Karstark.
3387	cybobbie	2013-04-28	My mom freaked out with the baby jars scene with with the whole depressing sphere around Dragonstone, she felt really sorry for Shireen. Everyone here loved the episode and are still discussing the marriage of Tyrion and Sansa. They were surprised by the resurrection, but no complaints about it, because they love the BWB.
3388	RegimentML	2013-04-28	Roommate thought it was okay but that it was more of an episode that was for moving pieces. I thought it was the best of the season. So I guess the book reader theory holds water. He was a little creeped out by Selyse and her dead babies, which is completely understandable because so was I.
3389	Jaqen Jay-Z	2013-04-28	My mom thought Selyse was Lysa at first, she was like "oh look, that crazy woman is back".
3390	crazibouncer	2013-04-28	All I know is my Dad was saying how he thinks Tyrion and Cersei are going to kill Tywin from that scene they had.  Well he is half right.
3391	KoishNoish	2013-04-29	My friends asked what the hell was up with the babies in a jar and I was kindda stunned too. My friend was actually shouting at Robb in protest when he was going to execute Karstark and kept saying 'Ned would never have done this!'. My other friend almost fell off his chair when the Tyrion and Sansa marriage was proposed and laughed when Cersei was told she was going to marry Loras.
3392	Tirilei	2013-04-29	Well, can non-reader selfs answer?
I was especially looking forward to the Jon/Ygritte scene and thought it was less than what all the announcements had indicated. All the hints in interviews and entire articles about signed nudity clauses made it sound as if their love scene was going to be more than what it turned out to be. Probably a good thing, though. It was tasteful. Which certainly can't be said about some of the prior seasons' sex scenes.
Like eveyone else, I liked the Jaime/Brienne tub scene. Was she getting up to choke him?  Dunk him? Anyway, nicely done.
Rob executing Karstark was along the lines of what Ned would have done. He showed himself to be his father's son.  At first, when the Lannister boys woke up, I thought they were Bran and his little brother.  It became clear seconds later.
Liked the part where handsome Jorah tells the white haired guy that he is no Lord Commander there, just another exile.  And then that ex-slave officer guy, Grey Worm, another sexy addition to the male cast. I wonder what his role will be. But wait, when the translater girl (forgot her name) talks about how the slave boys are renamed, did she say "when they are cut"?  Are all those "unsullied" soldiers castrated?  (Unlikely, I would think, testosterone and all..) Or did she say "when they are caught"?
What else?  Stannis' daughter, I wondered if her face was supposed to look burnt or what those flakes sticking up on her face were. And whether her mother is keeping her like a prisoner in that tower room. But then she was abel to sneak down to the dungeon, so I guess she is free to move around. Yes, the dead babies were creepy, like aliens. Maybe they want to bring them back to life later?
I knew from this website about the upcoming Sansa/Tyrion wedding, and I was glad to hear that he isn't in favor of the idea and talks of her wellbeing. Cersei and Loras, how creepy that would be too. Her character should be in her late 30s and he is in his early to mid 20s. I'm curious to see if she'll end up going along with that. She doesn't seem the type to let someone tell her what to do.
That Loras actor needs to comb his hair. For a guy who is supposed to be good-looking and gay, he looks too unkempt.
I know it's not going to happen (from this website), but I was hoping Arya would get to reunite with Rob and Catelyn at Riverrun. Or at least for them to know that she is alive. How sad if she and Gendry split up. If the series lasts long enough for them to grow up, they could become a cute couple and Gendry could learn that he is the former king's son, maybe become a leader himself....
Too bad Arya hates the Hound so much, I actually find him cool. Sure, he did bad things, but I enjoy the character.
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 29 April 2013 - 11:56 PM.
3393	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	My brother thinks Robb is going to do something at Joffrey's wedding. Like a surprise attack.
I could barely keep myself from laughing.
3394	Belisarius09	2013-04-29	My cousin is starting to think Jaime isn't such a bad guy after all.
3395	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-29	But wait, when the translater girl (forgot her name) talks about how the slave boys are renamed, did she say "when they are cut"?  Are all those "unsullied" soldiers castrated?  (Unlikely, I would think, testosterone and all..) Or did she say "when they are caught"?That's why they are called the Unsullied. They are each castrated so they'll be more obedient and have fewer distractions.Be careful in threads marked with spoiler tags! You really don't want to spoil yourself this season!
3396	Tirilei	2013-04-29	That's why they are called the Unsullied. They are each castrated so they'll be more obedient and have fewer distractions.Awww! So that sexy guy plays an eunuch!  How disappointing. Obedient maybe, but they'll be missing those fighter hormones when they are neutered. Dang!Be careful in threads marked with spoiler tags! You really don't want to spoil yourself this season!I don't mind. Don't know why people are making such a big deal about "spoilers". People who watch a play on stage read a summary before they go, too.  I sometimes seek out explanations on this website for better understanding. It doesn't spoil my enjoyment of the show, but it does make me angry at the author, GRRM, at times, and makes me wonder if he used his writings of many years as an outlet for his personal frustrations. It seems nothing good ever happens to his "good" characters.  Also, most of the sex scenes (except Jon Snow's) are rather unpleasant to watch (at least from a woman's perspective), so I'm wondering if he is this angry old man whose life has been dull and boring, and his writings are his phantasies.
3397	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	Might want to actually read the books before you start going Armchair Dr Phil on the author.
3398	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-29	Yeah please don't use the show to judge Martin's use of sexuality or his lack of poetic justice in the actual books. Sex especially is handled in a totally different way in the books. If I remember correctly, there are like maybe one or two explicit sex scenes per book whereas there are at least ten per season on the show.
Martin is a self-expressed feminist, and while he doesn't shy away from showing some of the harsh realities that women face in a fuedal society and sometimes writes sex in kind of a clumsy, mechanical way, the show is definitely portrayed through the eyes of our own modern media patriachy in a way I don't think he would have intended. The sex is for the ratings in the show and their target audience is probably young males.
Edit: To be totally honest, the show isn't a good metric for measuring the books at all. They are frankly totally different except in the broadest strokes of plot and characterization. The show is great for what it is and for what they have the resources and time to create, but as with most anything the books are better by a LONG shot.
					
					
							Edited by Lucifer Lightbringer, 29 April 2013 - 02:45 AM.
3399	Tirilei	2013-04-29	Okay, fair enough. No, I don't think I'll read the books, but if you say the sex scenes there are written differently, I'll take your word for it. The day I joined here, I asked that question in a new thread, but it was never posted.  One of my coworkers who has read the books (and doesn't watch the show) made it sound as if they are all hardcore and blood and gore, he actually said he doesn't think any woman would enjoy them.
Anyway, thanks for your responses.
3400	Mr Hodor	2013-04-29	my friend is swooning over robb's masterplan.
3401	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-29	Ironically I'm pretty sure that the majority of the fan base is female /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
3402	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-04-29	This woman certainly enjoys the books! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> If you change your mind later on, you're in for a treat. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I love the lore of westeros and so after season 1 i dove into the books and here.
as for the episode: I asked my boyfriend and my roommate what they thought. The answer was it was a good episode. but they have no idea whats really going to happen. at least if i keep my mouth shut. I've been spoiling them too much D:
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 29 April 2013 - 02:52 AM.
3403	Dove	2013-04-29	Unsurprisingly, they ooh'd and ahh'd over Jaime's story. With the exception of one of them who hates Jaime with a passion, pretty much everyone's turned over to the "yeah alright alright he cool" line of thinking. Which surprises me a little bit, as I wasn't entirely sold on him until the bear pit, honestly. I wonder how people can harbor such a burning hatred for characters like Theon and even Cat but then forgive Jaime so easily.
They're also very impressed by Robb's "big plans." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Gotta keep your p-p-p-poker face.
Selyse and her baby-jars were met with a resounding "WHAT THE FUCK", ahahahaha.
3404	hedgeknight001	2013-04-29	My wife the physician's assistant didn't notice in the earlier episode that the line about the Unsullied being "cut." She then made the observation that if the Unsullied really were "cut" they'd have no testosterone, and therefore would be pretty useless as warriors -- their bones would be fragile and they'd have diminished muscle compared to other men.
But they would be pretty: they would be hairless and have treble voices.
Funny, she was describing Varys.
					
					
							Edited by hedgeknight001, 29 April 2013 - 03:23 AM.
3405	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	I knew from this website about the upcoming Sansa/Tyrion wedding, and I was glad to hear that he isn't in favor of the idea and talks of her wellbeing. Cersei and Loras, how creepy that would be too. Her character should be in her late 30s and he is in his early to mid 20s. I'm curious to see if she'll end up going along with that. She doesn't seem the type to let someone tell her what to do.That Loras actor needs to comb his hair. For a guy who is supposed to be good-looking and gay, he looks too unkempt.In the series all the children are older than the books and all the adults are younger. Even Ned Stark and Jaime Lannister were roughly the same age. Cersei was  quite young when she married Robbert, perhaps 16. maybe younger. She is only about 30-32 or there abouts in the books.
3406	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	Okay, fair enough. No, I don't think I'll read the books, but if you say the sex scenes there are written differently, I'll take your word for it. The day I joined here, I asked that question in a new thread, but it was never posted.  One of my coworkers who has read the books (and doesn't watch the show) made it sound as if they are all hardcore and blood and gore, he actually said he doesn't think any woman would enjoy them.Anyway, thanks for your responses.The books have more consentual sex, the TV series has a preponderance of contractual sex ie brothels - due to some perceived need by the producers for a 'bare nipples per episode' quota or some rubbish.As for the women liking them thing, I don't know any woman who has read the books who didn't love them.
3407	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-29	My wife the physician's assistant didn't notice in the earlier episode that the line about the Unsullied being "cut." She then made the observation that if the Unsullied really were "cut" they'd have no testosterone, and therefore would be pretty useless as warriors -- their bones would be fragile and they'd have diminished muscle compared to other men.The strength of the Unsullied is in their discipline and training.  A Roman legion is far more powerful than a Germanic tribe, despite the latter likely having more hardy men.
3408	Toxspecific	2013-04-29	The strength of the Unsullied is in their discipline and training.  A Roman legion is far more powerful than a Germanic tribe, despite the latter likely having more hardy men.I like your username XDAnd agreed about the Unsullied, how much testosterone would they need for the kind of fighting they do?
3409	Sun	2013-04-29	Unsurprisingly, they ooh'd and ahh'd over Jaime's story. With the exception of one of them who hates Jaime with a passion, pretty much everyone's turned over to the "yeah alright alright he cool" line of thinking. Which surprises me a little bit, as I wasn't entirely sold on him until the bear pit, honestly. I wonder how people can harbor such a burning hatred for characters like Theon and even Cat but then forgive Jaime so easily.I loved Jaime, the instant I read his first POV. I understood him, and that made me love him. On the other hand I maintained my dislike of Theon despite his POV chapters. I understood him as well, and that made me dislike him more.ETA:Liked the part where handsome Jeor tells the white haired guy that he is no Lord Commander there, just another exile.  And then that ex-slave officer guy, Grey Worm, another sexy addition to the male cast. I wonder what his role will be. But wait, when the translater girl (forgot her name) talks about how the slave boys are renamed, did she say "when they are cut"?  Are all those "unsullied" soldiers castrated?  (Unlikely, I would think, testosterone and all..) Or did she say "when they are caught"?Yes, they are.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 06:01 AM.
3410	Sun	2013-04-29	DP
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 06:01 AM.
3411	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-29	That Loras actor needs to comb his hair. For a guy who is supposed to be good-looking and gay, he looks too unkempt.I hate to break it to you, but plenty of gay people are "unkempt".
3412	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-29	I hate to break it to you, but plenty of gay people are "unkempt".Really? I thought all gay people looked  like Neil Patrick Harris?
					
					
							Edited by Lord Flashheart, 29 April 2013 - 08:49 AM.
3413	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-29	Really? I thought all gay people looked  like Neil Patrick Harris?Fun! Lets talk hair.I get these mental images of that guy from American Pie (can't remember his name - he's the one with the odd Ken doll face and precisely combed back hair - the one who dates Mena Suvari's character) as the very antithesis of unkempt hair.Both Loras and Jon Snow have the best hair in the show!!!! Jaime, on the other hand and as mentioned a zillion times, has fantastic Prince Charming from Shrek's hair. Love to watch it bounce!I mention my mum is constantly puzzled by the beautiful hair women in the show have, since its teh middle ages thus no hair salons. I point out to her noble women have handmaids but she keeps saying "It's not realistic! look at Robb's mum hair. She's wondering in the forests how can she have great hair?"
3414	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I'll have to come back after I talk to my family more we had a kiddo distraction before we could fully discuss the episode, but they did mention that they believe that Cersei is going to kill Tywin. lol
My hubby didn't say much except that it was a good episode and he absolutely loved the Hound/Beric fight. He also can't understand why Stannis has his daughter locked up.
3415	Jarlix	2013-04-29	My parent's a total baby who skipped out when she saw the Karstarks murder them Lannister squires. She watches occasionally with me. I desperately tried telling her they're being held accountable for their crimes after and that the episode has other merits but nope, it's been this way since Sean Bean died in it for her.I loved the episode. Haha, Cersei almost looked cute at the end with her reaction to being Loras' betrothed...My brother thinks Robb is going to do something at Joffrey's wedding. Like a surprise attack.I could barely keep myself from laughing.hahah.  AHAHAHA.
					
					
							Edited by Jarlix, 29 April 2013 - 07:33 AM.
3416	MsLibby	2013-04-29	My coworker who is obsessed with the show but hasn't read the books told me first thing this morning that she loved Gendry asking Arya to be his Lady. I think I broke her heart when I explained /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3417	greywindsrage	2013-04-29	Awww! So that sexy guy plays an eunuch!  How disappointing. Obedient maybe, but they'll be missing those fighter hormones when they are neutered. Dang!I don't mind. Don't know why people are making such a big deal about "spoilers". People who watch a play on stage read a summary before they go, too.  I sometimes seek out explanations on this website for better understanding. It doesn't spoil my enjoyment of the show, but it does make me angry at the author, GRRM, at times, and makes me wonder if he used his writings of many years as an outlet for his personal frustrations. It seems nothing good ever happens to his "good" characters.  Also, most of the sex scenes (except Jon Snow's) are rather unpleasant to watch (at least from a woman's perspective), so I'm wondering if he is this angry old man whose life has been dull and boring, and his writings are his phantasies.Most of the shows sex scenes are not in the books.
3418	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-29	I was listening to a review show and one of the hosts said "Lord Bolton seems like an honorable guy, kind of a Ned Stark-type."
3419	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	I was listening to a review show and one of the hosts said "Lord Bolton seems like an honorable guy, kind of a Ned Stark-type."Wow.So the showrunners are doing a good job if there are more people like that...
3420	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	I was listening to a review show and one of the hosts said "Lord Bolton seems like an honorable guy, kind of a Ned Stark-type."Wow awesome. Do you have the link?
3421	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I was listening to a review show and one of the hosts said "Lord Bolton seems like an honorable guy, kind of a Ned Stark-type."I think this is going to be a good shock. My unsullied family think that "Boy" is working for Robb and that's why he has Theon. Once they make the connection that he's Roose's son and then you know what happens, it will be a great shock.
3422	rohit39	2013-04-29	It wouldn't surprise me if book readers like the episode more then show watchers.  It was a very insider type episode.I agree with that a 100%. Its much harder for the non readers to understand a lot of the character motivations. Atleast as much as the readers would.
3423	rohit39	2013-04-29	All I know is my Dad was saying how he thinks Tyrion and Cersei are going to kill Tywin from that scene they had.  Well he is half right.More like a quarter right. "Half"-man and all.
3424	boojam	2013-04-29	That's why they are called the Unsullied. They are each castrated so they'll be more obedient and have fewer distractions.
	Spoiler I noticed the whole story about Unsullied names got shortened. Well in the commentary on the season 2  DVD's Kit Harrington noted that the celibacy of the Night's Watch didn't make much since (not that they were all really celibate). George did not convince me that making men eunuchs made them any more fearsome. The Spartans, Alexander the Greats Army were hell on wheels, and the Roman army dominated the Mediterranean world for 500 years and would be few castrated. Just and odd quirk of GRRMs.
3425	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	"Yeah, and I really like [Robb's] plan now, like he's gonna go, get the other crew and take Casterly rock, which I think is really smart."http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Czey3J4H-egNon-book readers are so funny.
3426	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-29	Spoiler I noticed the whole story about Unsullied names got shortened. Well in the commentary on the season 2  DVD's Kit Harrington noted that the celibacy of the Night's Watch didn't make much since (not that they were all really celibate). George did not convince me that making men eunuchs made them any more fearsome. The Spartans, Alexander the Greats Army were hell on wheels, and the Roman army dominated the Mediterranean world for 500 years and would be few castrated. Just and odd quirk of GRRMs. 
I think it's meant to drive home the slavery aspect. It's supposed to be a barbaric and outmoded practice.As for the Night's Watch, their vows of celibacy are symbolic of their complete state of service as well. However, I would not be surprised if there is some other reason for that particular vow - one that isn't just symbolic or traditional but practical.It is kind of strange that two of the more 'devoted' military forces are basically 'emasculated' as a symbolic flourish of their status as servants, but I'm sure there are reasons Martin used that as a literary device or even a plot point.
					
					
							Edited by Lucifer Lightbringer, 29 April 2013 - 09:20 AM.
3427	mcshed	2013-04-29	More like a quarter right. "Half"-man and all.I think you mean one third right. Sorry for pointless pedantry.
3428	jons nissa	2013-04-29	My friend said that Grey Worm looks like young Obama.i kinda thought he did too. if you squint while tilting your head slightly to the left.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 29 April 2013 - 09:39 AM.
3429	juanml82	2013-04-29	I think it's meant to drive home the slavery aspect. It's supposed to be a barbaric and outmoded practice.As for the Night's Watch, their vows of celibacy are symbolic of their complete state of service as well. However, I would not be surprised if there is some other reason for that particular vow - one that isn't just symbolic or traditional but practical.No sons. If a lord or king is sending a troublesome, defeated, noble to the Wall, he puts a lot of safeguards for that noble or his dinasty to make trouble afterwards.Of course, that defeated noble might still have bastards, but not even a King could legitimize them without harming the Watch's function as a social escape valve. Which is what Robb does when he releases Jon from his vows: If a king can cancel the vows of a brother of the Night's Watch, then a defeated lord sent to the wall might come back when a new king is crowned. This, in turn, means there is an extra incentive to go all Castemere Rains on defeated enemies, thus forcing them to fight to the bitter end instead of surrendering and preserving their lifes.
3430	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-29	No sons. If a lord or king is sending a troublesome, defeated, noble to the Wall, he puts a lot of safeguards for that noble or his dinasty to make trouble afterwards.Of course, that defeated noble might still have bastards, but not even a King could legitimize them without harming the Watch's function as a social escape valve. Which is what Robb does when he releases Jon from his vows: If a king can cancel the vows of a brother of the Night's Watch, then a defeated lord sent to the wall might come back when a new king is crowned. This, in turn, means there is an extra incentive to go all Castemere Rains on defeated enemies, thus forcing them to fight to the bitter end instead of surrendering and preserving their lifes.Very true. The criminals and 'political prisoners' of the watch shouldn't expect anyone to allow them a normal life or rear heirs. Don't forget that there are also volunteers, though. The reason I had in mind was more of a 'supernatural' nature.
3431	rohit39	2013-04-29	I think you mean one third right. Sorry for pointless pedantry.Well, if you're keen on dissecting this logic, they way i see it is between Tyrion and Cersei, the person was half right, but Tyrion being a dwarf, makes half of half, which is quarter.
3432	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-29	Wow awesome. Do you have the link?http://www.afterbuzz...game-of-thronesHere it is, the one guy has read the books and he plays it off well.
3433	cuendillar	2013-04-29	Not having children in the Night's Watch makes sense in other ways too. It's essentially an elective monarchy that has been maintained for millennia. This would probably not have been possible if the Lord Commander had had children of his own, sooner or later someone would attempt to do the title hereditary. Just giving undue favour to ones children could sow dissent in the ranks of a force that necessarily must be tightly knit.
3434	Jerol	2013-04-29	My wife has not read the books. The only spoiler I have been permitted to give is whether Arya is still alive.
3435	ViennaGirl	2013-04-29	I was listening to a review show and one of the hosts said "Lord Bolton seems like an honorable guy, kind of a Ned Stark-type."I listened to that podcast, too, and I almost spit out my coffee. Keep reading, I wanted to say...
3436	Stargareyen	2013-04-29	Really? I thought all gay people looked  like Neil Patrick Harris?I am gay and unkempt! We are the 99%! LOL
3437	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	http://www.afterbuzz...game-of-thronesHere it is, the one guy has read the books and he plays it off well.Thanks - was funny.
3438	hedgeknight001	2013-04-29	That's why they are called the Unsullied. They are each castrated so they'll be more obedient and have fewer distractions.Yeah, but it just doesn't work that way -- castration means serious physical debilitation. That's why no fighting force in history has ever been comprised of eunuch soldiers. Eunuchs are relegated to guarding harems and to the bureaucracy.Now, I can imagine a slave fighting force -- the Ottomans had the Janissary units. Or child combatants -- the Khmer Rouge and many sub-saharan Africa militias are comprised of children as they have no moral compass at all and can be made to do anything. Can be quite vicious.But eunuchs? Very odd for Martin to choose this as a plot device. Oh well it's his story -- it's just insensible & impossible to suspend disbelief.
3439	insertname	2013-04-29	Yeah, but it just doesn't work that way -- castration means serious physical debilitation. That's why no fighting force in history has ever been comprised of eunuch soldiers. Eunuchs are relegated to guarding harems and to the bureaucracy.Now, I can imagine a slave fighting force -- the Ottomans had the Janissary units. Or child combatants -- the Khmer Rouge and many sub-saharan Africa militias are comprised of children as they have no moral compass at all and can be made to do anything. Can be quite vicious.But eunuchs? Very odd for Martin to choose this as a plot device. Oh well it's his story -- it's just insensible & impossible to suspend disbelief.You've got to remember this is an alternate Universe. Quite like ours in many ways, but then not in others. Just like all Baratheons have black hair despite genetics of our world telling us that it's not that likely. I don't find that it takes much effort to just assume that castration doesn't work quite like it does in our world.
3440	teemo	2013-04-29	Yay, my best friend liked this episode and she hasn't liked an episode this season yet.
"The story that Jaime made up was fake to garner sympathy, right?  I love his character, he is so intense.  He reminds me of Lord of the Rings."
"Arya was extra badass this episode."  
"I HATE Robb now. He is SOOOOO whiny and annoying.  He's way too hard on everyone, especially his mother.  He has no idea what he's doing and his wife is annoying.  He thinks he can do whatever he want because he's Ned's son and doesn't care about the North or his family or anyone else.  His character has gone steeply downhill since season two."
"Jon Snow is my favorite character but that cave scene was so cheesy.  Ygritte seems so full of herself."
3441	Jaqen Jay-Z	2013-04-29	My mom and my only coworker who watch this show both dislike Ygritte. I'm not sure if her character isn't translating well on screen or what it is, but I think something about her constant teasing of Jon annoyed them. I guess in a show with this many characters, some don't win over as many viewers.  OTOH, my sister is hardcore into Ygritte/Jon and after the cave scene she was like "well, I think she's gonna die now.  No one can be happy on this show."
3442	shiola	2013-04-29	"I don't think Margaery is going to screw Sansa over anymore.  She's just playing her like a bitch because Sansa is the heir.  I still think she will kill Joffrey."
"Fuck Tywin.  That was a dick move.  But at least Tyrion's not THAT bad for Sansa..." Yes, yes he is.  Just because he doesn't beat her doesn't make him okay.
"I still don't like Jaime.  His story was "meh" to me.  He was still an asshole in personality, regardless of why he did what he did.  So, no, I still don't feel sorry for him." /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
3443	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	"I don't think Margaery is going to screw Sansa over anymore.  She's just playing her like a bitch because Sansa is the heir.  I still think she will kill Joffrey.""Fuck Tywin.  That was a dick move.  But at least Tyrion's not THAT bad for Sansa..." Yes, yes he is.  Just because he doesn't beat her doesn't make him okay."I still don't like Jaime.  His story was "meh" to me.  He was still an asshole in personality, regardless of why he did what he did.  So, no, I still don't feel sorry for him." /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Don't forget they've made Tyrion a lot more tame in the show. I think it's to make his murder more shocking. I have a feeling that after next season he'll get closer to his book counterpart. I also have a friend who told me that it's hard for characters to change her first impression of them. It made me really sad because that means she'll probably never forgive Jaime...I'm going to get her all caught up before Rains of Castamere. She's still on episode 9 of season 1, which I am forcing her to watch with me just to see how she reacts to Joffrey being a dick (she knows Ned will die because Sean Bean is a walking spoiler).
3444	Eucratides_Megas	2013-04-29	Arg. president Cristina K, twitted that she watched the show and she thought Dany would marry either Jon or Robb.Lol...the same pres who decided to beat the Falklands dead horse again. I guess story sense and political sense are more tied together than not.
					
					
							Edited by Eucratides_Megas, 29 April 2013 - 06:40 PM.
3445	shiola	2013-04-29	Don't forget they've made Tyrion a lot more tame in the show. I think it's to make his murder more shocking. I have a feeling that after next season he'll get closer to his book counterpart.Yeah, he's  more tame.  But I'm trying to drill into my brother that he's still a Lannister.  No, he has never hurt Sansa and he probably wouldn't, but he's still the enemy and if I were her, I'd view him just as responsible as any other Lannister for Ned's death because my hatred would be so seething.  But that's just me.
3446	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	http://www.afterbuzz...game-of-thronesHere it is, the one guy has read the books and he plays it off well.Oh lordy. At least the other girl is perceptive and can tell he has more in common with Tywin. I think they're making it pretty obvious that Roose is a creepy dude you shouldn't trust.
3447	Jaqen Jay-Z	2013-04-29	ummm update, after a rewatch I have discovered my mom thought since last season that it was "Milk of the Puppy" and not "poppy". Is this a common misconception b/c my mom is definitely mad at me for laughing at her
3448	shiola	2013-04-29	ummm update, after a rewatch I have discovered my mom thought since last season that it was "Milk of the Puppy" and not "poppy". Is this a common misconception b/c my mom is definitely mad at me for laughing at herMILK OF THE PUPPY. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  THAT'S EVEN BETTER THAN CARL DROGO
3449	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	It's a pretty common misconception among people who are bad with accents, I've found. The first time I heard it said by Ned I thought so too. But then I realized that that was stupid because dog's milk doesn't have those properties, so I rewatched and kept in mind that Americans say things differently. Immediately made more sense. Had to correct my friend too. The one that's still on s1e9.ETA: but it shouldn't be that surprising, given the ridiculous number of people who are too slow to realize khaleesi is a title and not her name. Seriously, I think they've started having her say "I am Daenerys Stormborn" every time she shows up in order to make it clear, and people still haven't learned. It doesn't matter how many times she said she's a khaleesi or someone refers to her as Daenerys Targaryen. Geez....
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 29 April 2013 - 09:19 PM.
3450	shiola	2013-04-29	My brother actually didn't catch that Beric was resurrected at first.  He just thought that he somehow didn't die, and thoros healed him with some sort of magic. Not a full on resurrection.
3451	Tirilei	2013-04-29	ummm update, after a rewatch I have discovered my mom thought since last season that it was "Milk of the Puppy" and not "poppy". Is this a common misconception b/c my mom is definitely mad at me for laughing at herLOL! I thought the same!  Have been wondering what in the world they are talking about, whether that's some magical potion or if it's simply a nick for alcohol. But hey, my excuse is that English is my second language. All those Brits talk funny anyway. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3452	FranReq	2013-04-29	My brother thought Beric was going to kill the Hound. After the trial he was like, "All that bla, bla, bla aobut Dondarrion for nothing?"
3453	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	My brother thought Beric was going to kill the Hound. After the trial he was like, "All that bla, bla, bla aobut Dondarrion for nothing?"Any man that can match The Hound for any period of time is not nothing!
3454	ghost23	2013-04-29	Bit of a minor thing, but they could have at least attempted to explain greyscale. My friend had absolutely no idea why Shireen's face was all messed up.
3455	shiola	2013-04-29	Bit of a minor thing, but they could have at least attempted to explain greyscale. My friend had absolutely no idea why Shireen's face was all messed up.My brother thought she was burned so I explained it to him.  It's strange that they didn't, that's true.
3456	Dove	2013-04-29	Bit of a minor thing, but they could have at least attempted to explain greyscale. My friend had absolutely no idea why Shireen's face was all messed up.One of my friends called her "Stannis' lizard daughter" and I'm thinking aaahhh you're a jerk, but then he says "No, really, does she have something to do with the dragons?"Have they mentioned greyscale in-show in any capacity, or in any of the bonus features? Because there's at least one goofy person who suspected that Shireen had some sort of dragon-curse. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> I ended up just telling him her deal, but still.
3457	shiola	2013-04-29	One of my friends called her "Stannis' lizard daughter" and I'm thinking aaahhh you're a jerk, but then he says "No, really, does she have something to do with the dragons?"Have they mentioned greyscale in-show in any capacity, or in any of the bonus features? Because there's at least one goofy person who suspected that Shireen had some sort of dragon-curse. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> I ended up just telling him her deal, but still.No mention of it that I recall
3458	Tirilei	2013-04-29	I hate to break it to you, but plenty of gay people are "unkempt".Really?  Then maybe I haven't met all that many yet. All the openly gay guys I can think of look very neat.Anyway, Loras' hair looks as if there could be birds nesting inside. Gay or not, the kid needs a comb.Both Loras and Jon Snow have the best hair in the show!!!!Jon Snow looks "right" for where he is out in the wild, with messy hair and facial hair. Without his facial hair, Kit Harington looks baby-faced.
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 29 April 2013 - 11:25 PM.
3459	shiola	2013-04-29	My brother thinks that someone is going to sacrifice their life for someone else's this season.  He connected Mirri's "Only death can pay for life", Jaqen's "You stole a life from the Red God, and now he needs it back", and Melisandre's human sacrifices.  He made this prediction a few days ago and I forgot to post it.
I asked him about it again tonight and he said he doesn't think it was referring to Thoros and Beric because Thoros didn't die.
I never picked up on this foreshadowing of UnCat before!
3460	Tirilei	2013-04-29	Most of the shows sex scenes are not in the books.Interesting. I remember an interview on Youtube where Charles Dance made fun of the "raunchy sex" and "rumpy pumpy" and how the sex scenes were all "doggy-fashion". He speculated that obviously "the missionary position didn't come into vogue for a few years."Found it, the whole interview is pretty funny:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ql6y3RC-Ni4
3461	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-30	I watch with three non readers.
One predicted that Robb is going to die, and said that the North will be out of the running. (As a Northern Conspiracy believer this made me chuckle) This launched an argument with another friend who is all "Robb's plan to take Casterly Rock is awesome!" and thinks Robb's gonna come out on top.
My husband was actually rooting for the Hound, and was mad when Beric came back to life haha
On friend (a guy) said he didn't like this episode as much because "Khaleesi wasn't in it much" and he has a huge crush on her. He is one of the ones who thinks Khaleesi is her name. I can't call her Daenerys to him or he's like 'Who?"
Non of them could understand what was up with Shireen's face.
3462	teemo	2013-04-30	I finallllllyyy got some feedback from my significant other, who really just isn't a huge fan of the show :\ He really liked Ned and Robert, so... anyway.  His opinions:
Tyrion was his favorite character but now not so much because his "role in the overall story seems to be diminishing," but thinks he'll come to the forefront again with the new marriage arrangement.  His fave character used to be Ned.  
I tested him on names and he failed a lot, lol.  Knows Dany only because that's my name.  Thinks she's kind of boring but that the Unsullied are interesting.  Mixed up Cersei and Catelyn.  Forgot who Robb Stark is -.- (UGHHH!!!_ Didn't remember Tywin's name but says, "He seems like a real dick."  Didn't remember the names Shae, Varys, Arya, Sam, Mance, Talisa, Sansa, thought Bronn was dead ("he's been around this season?"), Stannis, Melisandre, Jorah, Barristan, Davos, Margaery, Olenna, Roose, the Reeds.  
He remembers Joffrey, "the little shithead," Theon as "a Greyjoy, whatever that is, and he's kind of a douchebag."  Remembered Jaime and Brienne's name, and thinks that Jaime's recent experiences have humbled him and he doubts he'd have sex with Cersei again.  Strangely enough he remembers Loras and even knew Littlefinger's name is Petyr Baelish o.O  He thinks Arya is boring :\
Oh, and I think it's funny - he likes Tyrion because, "He seems like the only sane guy in a world full of wackos.  Ned used to be sane too, but now it's just Tyrion and a bunch of crazy people."  Thinks the Hound is pretty cool and liked the duel.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 03:14 AM.
3463	The Monkey	2013-04-30	The Unsullied I've talked to loved the episode, especially the Jaime/Brienne scene. They were really shocked that Jaime had killed the king for (mainly) non-selfish reasons, and love the evolution in his character. They also loved the last scene with Tywin/Tyrion/Cersei, and most people love Tywin even after seeing he's an asshole towards Tyrion.
Almost everyone seems to agree that Robb is toast.
3464	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-30	My non reader homeboy hated this episode, he said that after the ending of episode 4 he was expecting all out war in Essos /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3465	Stannisfan	2013-04-30	My BF still doesn't know which one is Jon and which one is Robb. The only time he gets off his phone is when Dany appears and he still refers to Margaery as 'Anne Boelyn'. He also hates Alfie Allen.
3466	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	My Unsullied friend seems to be shipping Tyrion and Sansa ( /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />) and said "awwwwwwww" when she forced me to tell her whether they get married. I felt obligated to tell her that it's not nearly as pleasant as it sounds, which she understood. Like many others, she loved Cersei's smirk being wiped off the second Tywin told her to marry Loras.My BF still doesn't know which one is Jon and which one is Robb. The only time he gets off his phone is when Dany appears and he still refers to Margaery as 'Anne Boelyn'. He also hates Alfie Allen.Dump him /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 30 April 2013 - 04:52 AM.
3467	Currawong	2013-04-30	My non reader homeboy hated this episode, he said that after the ending of episode 4 he was expecting all out war in Essos /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Oh dear!   /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />    I don't know whether you should break it to him very gently now, or let him watch in slowly diminishing hope as seasons 3, 4, 5 and possibly even 6 go by ...  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3468	Jarlix	2013-04-30	Everyone's friends here seem to have ADD. I think there'd be more non book reader show watchers if they didn't omit that war between the NW and the Others at the start. I love the show but I wish they didn't downplay an emphasis on things other than talking, that one episode I think GRRM directed had an extended view of Arya escaping through King's Landing and running tunnels and HBO cut it. I like chase scenes and some silent scenes without dialogue. That would probably have attracted more male viewers and kept their attention better. It's what I like about the books reading them so far.
What does everyone's significant other think of Thoros of Myr and his freaking crazy cool band of heroes? I can't imagine people not finding them amazing. They have that Bronn/Tyrion style quality you could imagine in a Tarantino flick.
					
					
							Edited by Jarlix, 30 April 2013 - 05:55 AM.
3469	mcshed	2013-04-30	Well, if you're keen on dissecting this logic, they way i see it is between Tyrion and Cersei, the person was half right, but Tyrion being a dwarf, makes half of half, which is quarter.The total of cersei and tyrion is 1.5 so 0.5 out of 1.5 is a third. I was making a rubbish maths joke.
3470	zeus	2013-04-30	A few of my friends (who obviously have not read the books) believes that Robb will be okay without the Karstarks and the freys will side with him thus taking casterly rock/winning the war.. .
3471	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	On friend (a guy) said he didn't like this episode as much because "Khaleesi wasn't in it much" and he has a huge crush on her. He is one of the ones who thinks Khaleesi is her name. I can't call her Daenerys to him or he's like 'Who?"How many times does she have to say "My name is Daenerys Stormborn"??????? I wince every time Jorah says the 'K' word.
3472	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	One of my friends was alwasy saying Khaleesi, but she gradually started saying Dany, thank goodness. (Though she somehow got Robb and Theon confused the other week... and she used to get Robb and Jon confused). Still, that doesn't annoy me as much as saying Khaleesi as a name and not a title, LOL
3473	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	One of my friends was alwasy saying Khaleesi, but she gradually started saying Dany, thank goodness. (Though she somehow got Robb and Theon confused the other week... and she used to get Robb and Jon confused). Still, that doesn't annoy me as much as saying Khaleesi as a name and not a title, LOLLOL I have a friend who's not speaking English very well and he was watching GOT w/out subtitles so after season 1 I got to talking with him about the series and I asked him who's his favorite character and he said Khaleesi. I said"Oh you like Dany" and he was like "Who"? I said "I guess I know why she's your favorite. Then I asked him was he sad they killed Ned and he asked "Who's Ned" /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  I said "The guy who lost his head in the end" and he was like oh,him I dunno his name  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
3474	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	LOL I have a friend who's not speaking English very well and he was watching GOT w/out subtitles so after season 1 I got to talking with him about the series and I asked him who's his favorite character and he said Khaleesi. I said"Oh you like Dany" and he was like "Who"? I said "I guess I know why she's your favorite. Then I asked him was he sad they killed Ned and he asked "Who's Ned" /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  I said "The guy who lost his head in the end" and he was like oh,him I dunno his name  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />LOL - how could they not know Ned's name?I think the show should stop using Khaleesi - or maybe use it only once a season or something, it's too confusing for the general public watching the show
3475	Tirilei	2013-04-30	Sounds like most of you reader guys expect too much of us show-only-viewers.  It's just 10 episodes per year unless you got them as a boxed gift (as we did), and stuff happens fast in some of them, so who is supposed to remember all the names. Good thing HBO keeps repeating the new episodes during the week, or I would never hear some of the lines right.
3476	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	LOL - how could they not know Ned's name?I think the show should stop using Khaleesi - or maybe use it only once a season or something, it's too confusing for the general public watching the showOne of the great mysteries of life is how my friend after whole season 1 didn't know Ned's name.I can't remember for how long in the books she was called Khaleesi.I think at one point everybody stops calling her that and only her hand maidens who are dothraki keep using this title.
3477	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	Sounds like most of you reader guys expect too much of us show-only-viewers.  It's just 10 episodes per year unless you got them as a boxed gift (as we did), and stuff happens fast in some of them, so who is supposed to remember all the names. Good thing HBO keeps repeating the new episodes during the week, or I would never hear some of the lines right.But can you say you didn't know who's Ned? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3478	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Everyone's friends here seem to have ADD. I think there'd be more non book reader show watchers if they didn't omit that war between the NW and the Others at the start. I love the show but I wish they didn't downplay an emphasis on things other than talking, that one episode I think GRRM directed had an extended view of Arya escaping through King's Landing and running tunnels and HBO cut it. I like chase scenes and some silent scenes without dialogue. That would probably have attracted more male viewers and kept their attention better. It's what I like about the books reading them so far.What does everyone's significant other think of Thoros of Myr and his freaking crazy cool band of heroes? I can't imagine people not finding them amazing. They have that Bronn/Tyrion style quality you could imagine in a Tarantino flick.Well, I find that people who don't read books generally don't have as much patience in their entertainment. It makes me sad. Although this season has been a little slower than the past couple. But Game of Thrones has always been about people sitting around and talking, for the most part. The people doing the talking are just so fascinating that we usually don't notice.This is not to say that all people who don't read the books are people who can't sit still for more than five minutes. Though the people for whom that is true really frustrate me. Things aren't bad just because there isn't any physical action going on. Mental action can be just as fun. But anyway, I can't stand people who say "don't complain about being spoiled, the books have been out for years! get off your butt and read." Not everyone has the time to sit down and read for pleasure, much less a series where the third book is nearly as long as the entire lord of the rings series. A series that, I always point out to people, is already too long for many people's tastes.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 30 April 2013 - 10:42 AM.
3479	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	I think the show should stop using Khaleesi - or maybe use it only once a season or something, it's too confusing for the general public watching the showThey should stop using it altogether. The name died with Khal Drogo. Sure in the books she still had bloodriders and a Khalessar of 50 or so, but that point is irrelevant to the TV show.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 30 April 2013 - 10:47 AM.
3480	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I don't think it's expecting too much to realize that khaleesi sounds like a feminine form of khal, or that she calls herself Daenerys like a million times (I could understand maybe being confused on her last name though). Can't even use the excuse that it's confusing in the show, because I started with the show and I knew her name wasn't khaleesi.  My friend did too.  And doesn't she say "I am your khaleesi" or something at some point? That sounds stupid if khaleesi is her name. "I am your bob and you will obey me or the king will hear of it!"
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 30 April 2013 - 10:48 AM.
3481	shiola	2013-04-30	Interesting. I remember an interview on Youtube where Charles Dance made fun of the "raunchy sex" and "rumpy pumpy" and how the sex scenes were all "doggy-fashion". He speculated that obviously "the missionary position didn't come into vogue for a few years."Found it, the whole interview is pretty funny:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ql6y3RC-Ni4Rofll thank you for sharing
3482	shiola	2013-04-30	They should stop using it altogether. The name died with Khal Drogo. Sure in the books she still had bloodriders and a Khalessar of 50 or so, but that point is irrelevant to the TV show.Stop using it?  Rubbish.  It's such ear porn every time Iain Glen says it.  Mmmf.  http://www.youtube.c...h?v=yca1HbizssY
3483	shiola	2013-04-30	I do not get people thinking her name is Khaleesi, especially after episode 4 where I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN OF HOUSE TARGARYEN was subtitled.
3484	teemo	2013-04-30	Everyone's friends here seem to have ADD. I think there'd be more non book reader show watchers if they didn't omit that war between the NW and the Others at the start. I love the show but I wish they didn't downplay an emphasis on things other than talking, that one episode I think GRRM directed had an extended view of Arya escaping through King's Landing and running tunnels and HBO cut it. I like chase scenes and some silent scenes without dialogue. That would probably have attracted more male viewers and kept their attention better. It's what I like about the books reading them so far.What does everyone's significant other think of Thoros of Myr and his freaking crazy cool band of heroes? I can't imagine people not finding them amazing. They have that Bronn/Tyrion style quality you could imagine in a Tarantino flick.YES.  I mean, GoT ratings have been stellar and at an all-time high, but they should have started the show with a bang right there.  I mean, what a let down for everyone.  We readers were let down, viewers were let down after the impending attack in the season 2 finale (not all, but many) to be replaced by a bunch of men screaming over black (that's all we get?!?!) and Sam wakes up.  My boyfriend even said, "did they just pull off another Tyrion gets knocked out right before the battle on us again?  Did this happen in the books like when you said Tyrion wasn't knocked out?"  ummm, yep.My boyfriend isn't an idiot and doesn't need a ton of violence to make a show interesting and appreciates top-notch dialogue, but with "too many characters" in his mind and the fact that this show is largely about politics and war, he finds that incredibly annoying.  I think if the showrunners decided to splurge on an awesome opening battle sequence it would have hooked in my boyfriend way more than and same with others probably, and instead the first three episodes just draaggggged.  Seriously - it's the third season and we've seen ONE actual big battle scene.  One.As far as the Brotherhood, mine thinks they're pretty cool.  The Hound as well.  The show needs some more badassery to it.  RW! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  The dialogue can be spectacular (especially this last episode - amazing), but sometimes we need a little more than just two people in a room talking to each other.  That's a common pet peeve of my significant other - "all this show is two people in a room together complaining."  They've been doing quite a bit more group scenes this season at least.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 02:21 PM.
3485	Holy Sock	2013-04-30	My boyfriend isn't an idiot and doesn't need a ton of violence to make a show interesting and appreciates top-notch dialogue, but with "too many characters" in his mind and the fact that this show is largely about politics and war, he finds that incredibly annoying.  I think if the showrunners decided to splurge on an awesome opening battle sequence it would have hooked in my boyfriend way more than and same with others probably, and instead the first three episodes just draaggggged.  Seriously - it's the third season and we've seen ONE actual big battle scene.  One.You have a point. Sort of.The problem is that battles are very expensive to pull off. Time consuming. They do little to move the plot along beyond the outcome. Now, the Blackwater was an important battle because it's the culmination of the Stannis and Kings Landing storylines in Season 2. We're, as an audience, supposed to be on the dge of our seats. They killed Ned so there's no telling who will win. Joffrey's an asshole but Stannis would kill Tyrion as well. We like Davos but he'll most likely be killed if Stannis loses.The battle in ASOS (even though it's told entirely in flashback) is an exciting moment. But it's not entirely necessary so I imagine they felt spending all that money on it to try and do it justice could be better spent in the meat of the season, like the sack of Astapor.It's an anti-climax, sure. I don't think it would have been have as bad if Season 2 had not ended the way it did.But anwyay, ASOIAF doesn't have many battles at all. Although it's been confirmed that Season 4 will have a big battle. So there's that to look forward to.
3486	teemo	2013-04-30	You have a point. Sort of.The problem is that battles are very expensive to pull off. Time consuming. They do little to move the plot along beyond the outcome. Now, the Blackwater was an important battle because it's the culmination of the Stannis and Kings Landing storylines in Season 2. We're, as an audience, supposed to be on the dge of our seats. They killed Ned so there's no telling who will win. Joffrey's an asshole but Stannis would kill Tyrion as well. We like Davos but he'll most likely be killed if Stannis loses.The battle in ASOS (even though it's told entirely in flashback) is an exciting moment. But it's not entirely necessary so I imagine they felt spending all that money on it to try and do it justice could be better spent in the meat of the season, like the sack of Astapor.It's an anti-climax, sure. I don't think it would have been have as bad if Season 2 had not ended the way it did.But anwyay, ASOIAF doesn't have many battles at all. Although it's been confirmed that Season 4 will have a big battle. So there's that to look forward to.That's really my point.  I mean, he even noticed they skipped the battle scene, just like what happened with Tyrion.  That's not a good thing when you're returning from an awesome season finale and realize they skip a whole action-packed scene.  If season 2 ended like that I wouldn't even be saying this.
3487	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-30	I talked some more with my Unsullied (I love that term) and like others there was confusion over Shireen and I had to explain a lot about Stannis. They don't like him and think he's a bad guy.
My Dad still has a huge crush on Dany and thinks she's the fabulousness of everything. He said he thinks she should take over a city and rule it, so he'll like her upcoming storyline. We talked about the geography and how she needs ships.  
They think Robb going after Casterly Rock is a good idea.
Interestingly, my Dad remembers last season and is asking about Myrcella and where did she go and will we see her again.  I told him probably next season.
They think Sansa will be okay with Tyrion b/c Tyrion is a good guy and much better than Littlefinger.  Also, why isn't Arya staying with Gendry and BWB?  They love Gendry and Arya as friends and want him to stick around.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 30 April 2013 - 03:18 PM.
3488	Dove	2013-04-30	My roommate wants Robb to get back to "Bruce (Broose?) Bolton" asap so he'll have someone "to give him advise that he'll actually listen to and stuff." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />My Dad still has a huge crush on Dany and thinks she's the fabulousness of everything. He said he thinks she should take over a city and rule it, so he'll like her upcoming storyline. We talked about the geography and how she needs ships. Haha, that's cute. He's one person that won't complain about Meereen, at least.
3489	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-30	They should stop using it altogether. The name died with Khal Drogo. Sure in the books she still had bloodriders and a Khalessar of 50 or so, but that point is irrelevant to the TV show. Daenerys is a Khaleesi at this point, though. She doesn't become a Queen until she decides to rule Meereen. Prior to that she literally leads a khalasar.
3490	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-30	One of the great mysteries of life is how my friend after whole season 1 didn't know Ned's name.I can't remember for how long in the books she was called Khaleesi.I think at one point everybody stops calling her that and only her hand maidens who are dothraki keep using this title.LOL, yeah - I can't remember when they stopped using it either...They should stop using it altogether. The name died with Khal Drogo. Sure in the books she still had bloodriders and a Khalessar of 50 or so, but that point is irrelevant to the TV show.I don't think it's expecting too much to realize that khaleesi sounds like a feminine form of khal, or that she calls herself Daenerys like a million times (I could understand maybe being confused on her last name though). Can't even use the excuse that it's confusing in the show, because I started with the show and I knew her name wasn't khaleesi.  My friend did too.  And doesn't she say "I am your khaleesi" or something at some point? That sounds stupid if khaleesi is her name. "I am your bob and you will obey me or the king will hear of it!"I think it must be the way Khaleesi sounds. Maybe they just like saying it. Iain Glen says it all the time and it sounds so nice but sometimes it sounds like he is saying her name and not her title.My roommate wants Robb to get back to "Bruce (Broose?) Bolton" asap so he'll have someone "to give him advise that he'll actually listen to and stuff." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Haha Bruce Bolton! All I can think of is that shark off Finding Nemohttps://www.youtube....h?v=DPFk6kfZq_8
3491	Tirilei	2013-04-30	But can you say you didn't know who's Ned? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />No. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But for the first few episodes I thought they were saying "Ed" as short for "Eddard". It sounds like an Icelandic version of Edward and made me think of "the Edda" some old Icelandic stories.
3492	7V3N	2013-04-30	All I know is my Dad was saying how he thinks Tyrion and Cersei are going to kill Tywin from that scene they had.  Well he is half right.A quarter right /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3493	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	All I know is my Dad was saying how he thinks Tyrion and Cersei are going to kill Tywin from that scene they had.  Well he is half right.Probably the best part about this is that he's right but not for the right reasons.
3494	purplehazee	2013-05-01	My wife the physician's assistant didn't notice in the earlier episode that the line about the Unsullied being "cut." She then made the observation that if the Unsullied really were "cut" they'd have no testosterone, and therefore would be pretty useless as warriors -- their bones would be fragile and they'd have diminished muscle compared to other men.But they would be pretty: they would be hairless and have treble voices.Funny, she was describing Varys.Yeah I agree with your wife for sure
3495	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	Daenerys is a Khaleesi at this point, though. She doesn't become a Queen until she decides to rule Meereen. Prior to that she literally leads a khalasar.Yes. I know. Unfortunately viewers aren't aware of it and think it is her name. Perhaps they were right to change Asha to Yara after all.
3496	Dove	2013-05-01	Hahaha. I wonder what percentage of viewers just watch Game of Thrones for "Kelly C and the dragons" & have no earthly idea what's going on with the labyrinth of plots in the rest of the show.
3497	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	How many times does she have to say "My name is Daenerys Stormborn"??????? I wince every time Jorah says the 'K' word.I will never, EVER tire of Iain Glen murmuring "Khaleesi". Jorah and Stannis are a two way tie for having the most awesome voices on the show.
3498	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	I am not proposing he have less words. In fact more... two words "My Queen"
3499	The Monkey	2013-05-01	Slightly off-topic, but I remember thinking Lancel Lanister and Loras Tyrell were the same person for all of season 1 (before I started reading the books obviously).
I think this was a common misconception, as two of my friends couldn't tell them apart either.
3500	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	Slightly off-topic, but I remember thinking Lancel Lanister and Loras Tyrell were the same person for all of season 1 (before I started reading the books obviously).I think this was a common misconception, as two of my friends couldn't tell them apart either.I thought they were the same too, until I read the books and went back and paid closer attention to the actors. LOL
3501	juanml82	2013-05-01	My mom thinks Loras is too young for Cersei... but doesn't say anything about the age difference between Sansa and Tyrion /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
She also doubts "The Idiot of Robb" would be able to get an army, but thinks he, somehow, must get it and succeed in his attack on Casterly Rock, because the season has to end with a strong ending. I hope my expression when she told me that didn't spoil too much.
She also thinks nearly everyone are idiots, except for Arya, Tyrion and maybe Danny. Then again, she is right.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 01 May 2013 - 10:12 AM.
3502	Imp Riker	2013-05-01	The BWB-Hound stuff confused the hell out my dad. He was like, "Wait, the burned fella everyone calls Dog has a brother?" It took me about 5 minutes to explain who The Mountain is, and I'm still not sure he gets it. He is a huge Robb Stark fan, so I am very much looking forward to watching the RW with him /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />. Unfortunately, he also thinks Stannis is a selfish, power hungry ass and can't wait for him to be killed off and refuses to give Jaime any sort of sympathy  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
3503	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	I'm finding that people who don't read much generally want characters that are more straightforward. It results in many people who refuse to change their opinions on characters who have done bad things. It's frustrating.
3504	Imp Riker	2013-05-01	I'm finding that people who don't read much generally want characters that are more straightforward. It results in many people who refuse to change their opinions on characters who have done bad things. It's frustrating.I absolutely agree. The only reason my friends are starting to sympathize with/like Jaime is because I told them that Jaime never killed his cousin in the book, as book Jaime wouldn't do that. Otherwise, I wouldn't stop hearing "Oh, how can you like that douche bag? He tried to murder a little kid and did murder his own cousin."
3505	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	I'm finding that people who don't read much generally want characters that are more straightforward. It results in many people who refuse to change their opinions on characters who have done bad things. It's frustrating.Isn't it every person's right to change or not change their mind as they like? Also do we all have to have the same opinion about the characters and react to their story in the same way?Or you need for everyone to agree about your favorite character to feel you're right /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Cmon people what's the problem,let ppl think what they want,we know the truth...and the truth is Starks will have their revenge,Stannis will never get the throne and Jaime is cool /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3506	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	Didn't say it's not their right. But it's also my right to be irritated at people who don't want complexity and that no matter what a person does, they have made up their mind on them. So people who think a "good" character can do no wrong and still like them are annoying and so are people who think "evil" characters are completely beyond redemption. It's such a boring story and I don't understand why people would want that.
3507	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	I guess my take on that is why would you have to understand or agree. It's your opinion that matters /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3508	aedalia	2013-05-01	My friend found this episode a little dull. He recognized that it was more of a turning point episode, though and has high expectations for the next episode to be action-packed.
He also wondered how angry Walder Frey would be when Robb shows up to ask for help since he's kind of a crazy guy. I had to bite my tongue so hard to keep my facial expressions neutral.
3509	Belacel	2013-05-01	I needed to get my husband to watch the episode a second time to get his impressions (I suspect he slept through the parts with less action and more dialogue...). OK. Here we go:
Ygritte and Jon: <U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s about time. She has wanted to sleep with him since she first saw him<U+0080><U+009D>. (So, it seems that the scene doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t appear rushed to non-readers).
Beric: <U+0080><U+009C>He was dead<U+0080><U+009D>. <U+0080><U+009C>Yes, he was<U+0080><U+009D>, I said. <U+0080><U+009C>He has been dead a few times<U+0080><U+009D>. Fortunately, Beric and Thoros explained it later on. (I myself found that the resurrection wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t very well managed).
My husband likes Beric and his gang. He sees him as a sort of Robin Hood (of a harder and more dangerous variety).
He just loved the scene with the three Lannisters, and believes that Tyrion would be a better husband for Sansa than Joffrey or Loras, because he is kind, intelligent and well-meaning and that he is nowhere as bad as the rest of the family.
He cheered at the Hound<U+0080><U+0099>s victory. Clegane is one of his favorite characters: the bad man with a soft spot for ladies in distress, I guess. He noticed it was the first time his complete name was mentioned (I wonder if he is right?).
He is quite certain that the Tyrells will refuse the Loras-Cercei marriage because it offers no additional advantage for them once Joffrey marries Margery.
And he agrees with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading of Karstark, especially after he called him the<U+0080><U+009D> king who lost the north<U+0080><U+009D>. Robb didn<U+0080><U+0099>t have any choice then but to execute him. I myself see Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s arc as following the rules of classic tragedy. Indeed, the hero makes a first mistake because of a flaw he has (marrying despite the arrangement with the Freys, thus putting heart matters before those of the state), and then events simply go downhill from there, without the possibility to stop them, until the tragic conclusion.
Husband completely missed the importance of Jorah<U+0080><U+0099>s and Barristan<U+0080><U+0099>s conversation, and absolutely did not see the look Jorah gave Barristan when they were talking about the small council.
Didn't remember having seen Qyburn before.
3510	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	I agree the resurrection was handled poorly. I don't know why, but I thought his entire arm was chopped off in the books and that he was gone for a couple of hours while Thoros patched him up.  That would have made it a little clearer that he died, I think. But I guess they didn't need to since they explained it later.
3511	lyanna_maria	2013-05-01	First of all, I apologise for any spelling or grammar mistakes: English is not my mother tongue. I have created an account in order to post in this thread which I find so, so fun and interesting.My best friend is a non-reader, but he doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t care about spoilers at all, in fact, he loves them! He keeps asking me to tell him more and more; so finally I can<U+0080><U+0099>t refuse! Anyway, I asked about Jaime and he said that he had never really hated him, because he loves witty and eloquent characters: he says you can hate him for his actions, but when he opens his mouth he totally owns you. He added that after the loss of his hand he in addition feels sympathetic.I asked about <U+0080><U+009C>boy<U+0080><U+009D> and of course he didn<U+0080><U+0099>t have a clue: and he guessed that the reason he played around with Theon was that he somehow wanted to gain a more relevant position among his people or be admired by them (he wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t able to specify any more!)Also he absolutely loves the Brotherhood without Banners. 
					
					
							Edited by lyanna_maria, 01 May 2013 - 04:34 PM.
3512	lannistergold	2013-05-01	They thought that the title had something to do with dragons - and even that Dany's invasion of Westeros was imminent! That's probably what D&D wanted them to think, lol.
3513	summer_stark	2013-05-02	LOL I have a friend who's not speaking English very well and he was watching GOT w/out subtitles so after season 1 I got to talking with him about the series and I asked him who's his favorite character and he said Khaleesi. I said"Oh you like Dany" and he was like "Who"? I said "I guess I know why she's your favorite. Then I asked him was he sad they killed Ned and he asked "Who's Ned" /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  I said "The guy who lost his head in the end" and he was like oh,him I dunno his name  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />This makes me miss the "like" button. Friggin amazing. So much win from such an epic fail. Made me lol. I don't think it's expecting too much to realize that khaleesi sounds like a feminine form of khal, or that she calls herself Daenerys like a million times (I could understand maybe being confused on her last name though). Can't even use the excuse that it's confusing in the show, because I started with the show and I knew her name wasn't khaleesi.  My friend did too.  And doesn't she say "I am your khaleesi" or something at some point? That sounds stupid if khaleesi is her name. "I am your bob and you will obey me or the king will hear of it!""I am your bob..." laughed my head off. Still giggle every time I read it.
3514	7V3N	2013-05-02	They all think Dany's invasion of Westeros is imminent. Fools, but I thought the same at this point in the story. They also basically just want Tyrion, Jaime, Robb, and Dany. They don't care much for Jon and easily forget about Bran (the show hasn't quite shown how powerful Bran is yet).
3515	wolverine	2013-05-02	I absolutely agree. The only reason my friends are starting to sympathize with/like Jaime is because I told them that Jaime never killed his cousin in the book, as book Jaime wouldn't do that. Otherwise, I wouldn't stop hearing "Oh, how can you like that douche bag? He tried to murder a little kid and did murder his own cousin."Right, because book Jaime didn't have enough dislikable traits without killing his cousin.  IMO he was still a completely black hearted ass hat whom was extremely easy to hate through the first couple books.  It was awesome when his hand was lopped off by the slavering savage.There was time to start to feel sympathy for him after that when George did his old switcharoo, but his redemption arc has only just started.  I would not expect show fans to already feel bad for him because he admitted the king he slay was a crazy asshole and he prevented Brienne from being raped.He really changes when you see him back in King's Landing and he has renounced many of his old faults.EDIT: My brother and sister-in-law are seeing that people like The Hound and Jaime are possibly not as simply evil as they first appeared.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 02 May 2013 - 02:37 AM.
3516	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-02	They all think Dany's invasion of Westeros is imminent. Fools, but I thought the same at this point in the story. They also basically just want Tyrion, Jaime, Robb, and Dany. They don't care much for Jon and easily forget about Bran (the show hasn't quite shown how powerful Bran is yet).Irrelevant, but you avatar makes me hum thisevery time I see it.Yup, the show really hasn't showcased Bran's abilities at all. I'm guessing it will be spread out more over the next 2 seasons, given that he has very little source material for the future.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 02 May 2013 - 02:34 AM.
3517	Ambria	2013-05-02	My mums predictions are not bad.
She thinks "Dany will be ready to attack Westeros by the end of the season", which is wrong but a fair assumption.
She thinks "Marge and her mother are going to bring down Joff "
She thinks " Ayra is going to end up a little hardnut and maybe kill some people, possibly ones on her list"
She's "interested in Jaime's story because it seems very unpredictable "
3518	wolverine	2013-05-02	Irrelevant, but you avatar makes me hum thisevery time I see it.Yup, the show really hasn't showcased Bran's abilities at all. I'm guessing it will be spread out more over the next 2 seasons, given that he has very little source material for the future.Do show watchers have any idea of the dire wolf-Stark children bond beyond them being faithful dogs.  Grey Wind and Ghost could just as well not be in the show at this point.The couple of non-book readers I watched the show with last week did not know who Roose Bolton was.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 02 May 2013 - 02:49 AM.
3519	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	The couple of non-book readers I watched the show with last week did not know who Roose Bolton was.I saw a funny and apt meme quite some time back. It was a photo of Roose Bolton from season 2 with the words "I'm so underground you won't remember me until the end of Season 3".
3520	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-02	The couple of non-book readers I watched the show with last week did not know who Roose Bolton was.Lol, after watching season 2, my Unsullied friend referred to him as "Robb's friend" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3521	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-02	My hubby didn't read the books he only saw he show and during the first episode we meet all of them and we see Jon's mother is mystery woman...and then king and his party arrive at KL and queen steps out of the carriage and she and Ned exchange some looks and for the rest of the episode he was 100% sure Cercei was Jon's mother... then he saw her with Jaime and he abandoned this theory...
3522	Kaitscralt	2013-05-02	Okay, fair enough. No, I don't think I'll read the books, but if you say the sex scenes there are written differently, I'll take your word for it.Don't take their word for it unless you believe that two of the most important female characters having lesbian experiences is for feminist justice in the books.
3523	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-02	Do show watchers have any idea of the dire wolf-Stark children bond beyond them being faithful dogs.  Grey Wind and Ghost could just as well not be in the show at this point.I can't remember if it was my Dad or my Husband (oops) but one of them was talking about Bran's connection to his wolf and then said something like, "I wonder why the other ones aren't connected to their wolves like that?"
3524	lyanna_maria	2013-05-02	At this point in the series Jon should've started to have his "wolf dreams", shouldn't he? And I think Arya as well (I'm not sure about when does she start) We don't know about Rickon and Robb because we have no POV from them, but it is clear that all of the Stark children have a very strong connection with their direwolves, and this is just not handled in the show (just yet) I understand the difficulty of shooting with animals, that's for sure, but it's truly a pity.
3525	Tirilei	2013-05-02	Don't take their word for it unless you believe that two of the most important female characters having lesbian experiences is for feminist justice in the books.Eh, what??  Care to elaborate?  Honestly, I'm not following your train of thought... (maybe it's still a bit early in the morning and I need to finish my cup of coffee...)Are you saying, other posters have taken a position on feminist justice, you disagree with them, and because of a theory you consider flawed, their word re. the books should be in doubt? Something like that?Anyway, this forum is fun, but what ticks me off is that whenever I try to start a topic (twice now) it doesn't get posted, and I have no idea why. I mean, clean language, nothing offensive, and as a show-only-viewer I'm obviously not even able to include any of those much feared "spoilers".  So I wonder what it was...Surprisingly, no one started a topic about the Jon and Ygritte scene. Even though this episode was "their" episode, named after their scene. That's just too bad. Maybe one of you "experienced" forum writers could start one since my attempt was unsuccessful?
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 02 May 2013 - 10:11 AM.
3526	protar	2013-05-02	Eh, what??  Care to elaborate?  Honestly, I'm not following your train of thought... (maybe it's still a bit early in the morning and I need to finish my cup of coffee...)Are you saying, other posters have taken a position on feminist justice, you disagree with them, and because of a theory you consider flawed, their word re. the books should be in doubt? Something like that?Anyway, this forum is fun, but what ticks me off is that whenever I try to start a topic (twice now) it doesn't get posted, and I have no idea why. I mean, clean language, nothing offensive, and as a show-only-viewer I'm obviously not even able to include any of those much feared "spoilers".  So I wonder what it was...Surprisingly, no one started a topic about the Jon and Ygritte scene. Even though this episode was "their" episode, named after their scene. That's just too bad. Maybe one of you "experienced" forum writers could start one since my attempt was unsuccessful?Posts on the show forum require moderator approval before they're posted properly. If you look in your post history you'll probably find them there, but shifted back a page or two due to the posting delay. It's kind of annoying, but understandable to prevent duplicate posts.
3527	shiola	2013-05-02	Just got a text from my brother, I will type it verbatim because alol at his spelling of Loras.
He has heard of "The Red Wedding" but has no idea when it is or whose it is.  He knows that 3 weddings happen in the 3rd book, and he THINKS it's in the 3rd book based on my reactions when I was reading it the first time.
"You asked for predictions:
I think joffrey and margaery's wedding will definitely be the red one since theyre setting it up to be so big. And granny tyrells "Their entertainment would involve tearing us to pieces" would be epicccc especially if it comes about via mob. but i dont think itll be via a mob since margaery is working the public, and granny tyrell said that to tyrion who i dont think can die.
Of course it could also be cersei/laurices wedding or tyrion/sansa BUT right now i wont bank on it being those because  so far i dont even know if theyll be wed.  like, neither pair is even betrothed yet so im not gonna go as far as to say one of theirs ~will~ be the red wedding, especially because i just dont see either of those weddings happening or going through since theyre so weird, and margaery does  NOT want sansa or laurice wed to anyone else.  But i acknolwedge the possibility and like you said theres like 3 different weddings happening at once.  Those two +  margaery's = 3. so maybe they will happen but that's soooo out of left field.
i WOULD say maybe TYwin would try to get margaery killed at her wedding, which would then be the red one, because with her out of the way his plans to wed tyrion and cersei have no real obstacles-- but i dont think tywin would take the risk of attacking his grandson's wedding and potentially  harming joffrey.  So basically, i have no idea how it happens, but i think itl be margaery.  No idea who will die at it.
As far as other people, i think theon or jaime will die soon.  Especially jaime."
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 02 May 2013 - 10:31 AM.
3528	MsLibby	2013-05-02	hehehe...those are some damn fine predictions /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3529	shiola	2013-05-02	My brother still hates Jaime even after the Aerys story.  He doesn't think that makes up for anything else Jaime has said or done, and that Jaime is just an unpleasant personality so he doesn't like him.  He keeps saying "Unless something big happens, I won't forgive Jaime."  Fingers crossed Bear and Maiden Fair changes his mind...
3530	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	snipOf course it could also be cersei/laurices wedding or tyrion/sansa BUT right now i wont bank on it being those because  so far i dont even know if theyll be wed.  like, neither pair is even betrothed yet so im not gonna go as far as to say one of theirs ~will~ be the red wedding, especially because i just dont see either of those weddings happening or going through since theyre so weird, and margaery does  NOT want sansa or laurice wed to anyone else.  But i acknolwedge the possibility and like you said theres like 3 different weddings happening at once.  Those two +  margaery's = 3. so maybe they will happen but that's soooo out of left field.i WOULD say maybe TYwin would try to get margaery killed at her wedding, which would then be the red one, because with her out of the way his plans to wed tyrion and cersei have no real obstacles-- but i dont think tywin would take the risk of attacking his grandson's wedding and potentially  harming joffrey.  So basically, i have no idea how it happens, but i think itl be margaery.  No idea who will die at it.As far as other people, i think theon or jaime will die soon.  Especially jaime."1)LOL at the jaime prediction. 2)let us know how he reacts to learning that there will be another wedding.
3531	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Fingers crossed Bear and Maiden Fair changes his mind...It didn't change my mind about him...
3532	Sun	2013-05-02	Everyone in my circle thinks Rob killed Karstark because was egged into it by the old man himself, that it was an issue of pride, not justice.
They all believe Robb is a dead man, but that's nothing new, to them he's been a dead man walking since last season.
The Jaime/Brienne scene was their favourite scene, it made them like Jaime a little better, but not much. They are all in love with NCW, though, including the guys.
All the boys thought Ygritte was hot, and Jon is a champ for traveling south first time out. They think Pod probably did the same.
My nephew thinks Tywin will be murdered by either Cersie or Jaime. And that Sansa will be happy with Tyion.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 02 May 2013 - 01:33 PM.
3533	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Of course they are in love with NCW. He's the classic "girls want him, guys want to be him" thing. He's seriously like right out of a fairy tale about knights. LOL your nephew...I'd be mad if I guessed two of the three children would do something but it was the third one in the end. But I guess that's a result of the show making Tyrion seem like he'd never do something like that. They've exaggerated his role as the "only good Lannister" way too much. I personally think it's specifically so that him killing Tywin and Shae is a complete surprise.
3534	shiola	2013-05-02	Also, my brother is sick of all the religion stuff.  It doesn't interest him as much as the politics.  And he hates Melisandre.
3535	TheDarkOne	2013-05-02	One of our weekly watch party, or the 3 who haven't read, said last week, "Surprised Rob isn't dead yet. He's a terrible leader and the guy's family whose head got chopped off will probably kill him."
All 3 love Roose, as do I. How can you not.
3536	lyanna_maria	2013-05-02	LOL with the Jaime or Cersei will kill Tywin prediction. He missed one brother... It's pretty clear that Tyrion is much more "white" in the show than in the books; this way the murders will come as a bigger surprise, and his evolution to it will be even more drastic.
3537	Sun	2013-05-02	Of course they are in love with NCW. He's the classic "girls want him, guys want to be him" thing. He's seriously like right out of a fairy tale about knights. LOL your nephew...I'd be mad if I guessed two of the three children would do something but it was the third one in the end. But I guess that's a result of the show making Tyrion seem like he'd never do something like that. They've exaggerated his role as the "only good Lannister" way too much. I personally think it's specifically so that him killing Tywin and Shae is a complete surprise.Actually I;m quite impressed by my nephew. Even reading the books, it never occurred to me that Tywin would die at the hands of one of his kids until Tyrion did it. It came as a complete shock to me.
3538	Spring Snow	2013-05-02	My sister is fairly certain that Melisandre is on her way to Daenerys. I think it's a combination of a few of the season 3 trailers being coy about a team up between the two, and the scene going from Dragonstone to her in Essos this week. Until this point she thought Talisa's family would be the key to getting Daenerys to Westeros. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3539	Sun	2013-05-02	LOL with the Jaime or Cersei will kill Tywin prediction. He missed one brother... It's pretty clear that Tyrion is much more "white" in the show than in the books; this way the murders will come as a bigger surprise, and his evolution to it will be even more drastic.I think they'll build up Tyrion's bitterness in S4 as a reaction to Tywin's handling of Joff's murder trial, and it won't necessarily feel drastic. even in the books with all of Tyrion's faults I never imagined him capable of killing Tywin. I believe it was only after jaime's confession and seeing Shae in his father's bed that he reached that level of rage. I've always seen Tyrion's murder of both Shae and Tywin as a result of extreme emotional circumstances, rather than indicative of any inherent evil in his character. So I don't think the fact the the've white-washed Tyrion will make that much of a difference.
3540	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Actually I;m quite impressed by my nephew. Even reading the books, it never occurred to me that Tywin would die at the hands of one of his kids until Tyrion did it. It came as a complete shock to me.No, no I wasn't laughing at him(her?). It was the kind of laugh like when a kid says something that's so mature and you're like lol wow this kid's deep! It was a shock to me too, even though I knew Tywin would die (got spoiled).So I'm impressed by your nephew too /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3541	Sniraga	2013-05-02	Right, because book Jaime didn't have enough dislikable traits without killing his cousin.  IMO he was still a completely black hearted ass hat whom was extremely easy to hate through the first couple books.  It was awesome when his hand was lopped off by the slavering savage.There was time to start to feel sympathy for him after that when George did his old switcharoo, but his redemption arc has only just started.  I would not expect show fans to already feel bad for him because he admitted the king he slay was a crazy asshole and he prevented Brienne from being raped.He really changes when you see him back in King's Landing and he has renounced many of his old faults.I actually didn't hate Jaime at any point. I never held the kingslaying against him - it was like Ned said, if you want to kill someone, you should do it yourself - and Bran-tossing was also well, understandable. Of course it was also horrendous, but Jaime didn't do it in the evil mwahahaahaa way. Besides, Tyrion liked Jaime, and that sort of was good enough a recommendation for me! The incident with Ned in KL was somewhat more shady, but because of Jaime's concern for Tyrion I was willing to give him a bit leeway. Now, I didn't really like Jaime, but he didn't seem to be a total villain (like Joffrey or Viserys). When I started reading ASOS I was quite intrigued by him (the discussion with Catelyn in ACOK was so awesome) and pretty soon started carefully rooting for him.But I think Jaime's been less sympathetic in the show (it's partially because of his embiggened role and partially the way NCW has acted/delivered his lines) and I won't be surprised if some non-readers won't buy his redemption arc. The cousing-killing in particular was too much for me and I can see why Imp RIker's friends reacted the way they did.
3542	~DarkHorse~	2013-05-02	It's really frustrating me as my friends don't seem to care about Robb's storyline so when he dies there won't be such an impact. 
All they seem to care about is what's happening at Kings Landing and what's going on with Dany.
					
					
							Edited by ~DarkHorse~, 02 May 2013 - 03:06 PM.
3543	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Whaaat? I watched the show before reading the books. I hadn't started the books until about 2 months before season 3 and I cared about every storyline. It was all fascinating to me...Guess I'm just easily pleased
3544	Ellypsis	2013-05-02	Unsullied co-worker . . . THE WORST with names. Her prediction? "I really hopes Sensei gets on the ship"...
I had NO idea what she was talking about and then I realized she meant Sansa... and THEN I realized that she'd rather Sansa be on a ship with Littlefinger than married to Tyrion... /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
3545	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	But that's completely opposite to the way the writers have made Littlefinger and Tyrion come across. Plus everyone gets the weird pedo vibe off of LF...http://24.media.tumb...dth1ho1_400.gif
3546	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-02	My mom was hoping the Hound wasn't going to die - just like me when I first read it!
She was also laughing and rolling her eyes at how much screentime Tyrion is getting, and agrees with me he's kinda irritating.
She thought Littlefinger was really pedo, too.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 02 May 2013 - 04:41 PM.
3547	Stargareyen	2013-05-02	My sister is fairly certain that Melisandre is on her way to Daenerys. I think it's a combination of a few of the season 3 trailers being coy about a team up between the two, and the scene going from Dragonstone to her in Essos this week. Until this point she thought Talisa's family would be the key to getting Daenerys to Westeros. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I love this! Pure conjecture! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />My mom was hoping the Hound wasn't going to die - just like me when I first read it!She was also laughing and rolling her eyes at how much screentime Tyrion is getting, and agrees with me he's kinda irritating.Unsullied co-worker . . . THE WORST with names. Her prediction? "I really hopes Sensei gets on the ship"...I had NO idea what she was talking about and then I realized she meant Sansa... and THEN I realized that she'd rather Sansa be on a ship with Littlefinger than married to Tyrion... /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />I've always found it disconcerting how readers are more upbeat about Sandor-Sansa romance that Tyrion-Sansa... there shouldn't be much of an age difference between the two men, and Tyrion is obviously a more favorite character... Then why all the noise about SanSan!
3548	Ellypsis	2013-05-02	So, I don't know how to use the quote system, sorry... bobby, in response to your "but that's completely opposite comment", in NO way did I mean to insinuate that my coworker was smart about these kinds of things.  I don't know what my face did when she said what she did...but it couldn't have looked good.
3549	Tirilei	2013-05-03	I've always found it disconcerting how readers are more upbeat about Sandor-Sansa romance that Tyrion-Sansa... there shouldn't be much of an age difference between the two men, and Tyrion is obviously a more favorite character... Then why all the noise about SanSan!Because Sandor has more sex appeal than Tyrion. Sandor is that rough, beast-like fighter of a man, but with a hint of a soft inside sometimes, like when he calls her "little bird" or when he shows his trauma and vulnerability in the presence of fire. The classic hard shell, soft(er) inside kind of guy, and his killing the butcher boy was early in the beginning, so it may slowly fade in people's mind. He and Sansa are almost like Beauty and the Beast.
3550	lyanna_maria	2013-05-03	No, no I wasn't laughing at him(her?). It was the kind of laugh like when a kid says something that's so mature and you're like lol wow this kid's deep! It was a shock to me too, even though I knew Tywin would die (got spoiled).So I'm impressed by your nephew too /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I wasn't laughing at him at all, neither: I meant it in the same say BobbyBuilderton meant it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It came as a great surprise to me too: so it's quite impressive, of course.
3551	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	On youtube I've just read a comment that said "Robb just made the worst decision ever" and someone replied with "But this dude Rickard Karstark killed two young boys!"
Oh my sweet summer child...
3552	Autopath	2013-05-03	This is always my favorite forum thread to read each week. It's just so hilarious and cute. Takes me back to when I didn't know what was going on...
3553	Clariana	2013-05-03	From the lips of my unsullied:
When Robb concludes he needs the Freys, "Uh-oh"
After the Tywin, Cersei, Tyrion scene, "Jaime would have the guts to kill Tywin..."
3554	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	On youtube I've just read a comment that said "Robb just made the worst decision ever" and someone replied with "But this dude Rickard Karstark killed two young boys!"Oh my sweet summer child...He's right though. Robb made plenty of bad decisions but that should not go unpunished. I find it funny that everyone chastises Robb for actually doing the right thing but nobody blames Karstark for basically being a huge dickhead at the worst possible time, knowing what his punishment would be and how detrimental it would be to the North's cause.
3555	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	He's right though. Robb made plenty of bad decisions but that should not go unpunished. I find it funny that everyone chastises Robb for actually doing the right thing but nobody blames Karstark for basically being a huge dickhead at the worst possible time, knowing what his punishment would be and how detrimental it would be to the North's cause.My comment is in response to the fact that person #2 doesn't know exactly why it was the worst decision. Yes, Karstark did do something that needed to be punished, but that doesn't change that it's all downhill from here for Robb. So, the person seemed to be saying "the guy killed innocent kids, how was it a bad decision?" and I said sweet summer child because they have no idea why it will turn out to have been a bad decision. I'm not really chastising anyone in particular.
3556	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	My comment is in response to the fact that person #2 doesn't know exactly why it was the worst decision. Yes, Karstark did do something that needed to be punished, but that doesn't change that it's all downhill from here for Robb. So, the person seemed to be saying "the guy killed innocent kids, how was it a bad decision?" and I said sweet summer child because they have no idea why it will turn out to have been a bad decision. I'm not really chastising anyone in particular.Ah, I misunderstood. But that's good that non-readers can see that as a good decision, as far as storytelling goes. Summer child indeed!
3557	Tirilei	2013-05-04	that it's all downhill from here for Robb.That's just too bad that such a likeable character will be lost. Robb was a bit bland in the first season but has become more interesting as time went by. It will be interesting to see what film projects Richard Madden will take on in the future. One article said something about a Disney thing.Well, in my mind, the one thing that turned everything downhill was Catelyn releasing Jayme. The reason why they went to war to begin with was the killing of Ned and to get Sansa and Arya back. So, they could have chopped off, let's say an ear, of Jayme and sent that to KL with the message that his sword hand would be next, or his nuts, or whatever, unless the girls were sent home asap. Something like that. Oh well, bye bye Robb... see you again in something good, Richard, and don't just hide in the theaters. (He said somewhere that he wants to go back and do theater.)
3558	Sniraga	2013-05-04	^ Was there a reason to think that the Lannisters wouldn't release Arya and Sansa for Jaime? IIRC, Catelyn wanted to make the exchange (and didn't feel the need to resort to any kind of "warnings"), but Robb et al thought Jaime was too valuable a prison for merely getting the girls back.
3559	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-04	That's just too bad that such a likeable character will be lost. Robb was a bit bland in the first season but has become more interesting as time went by. It will be interesting to see what film projects Richard Madden will take on in the future. One article said something about a Disney thing.Well, in my mind, the one thing that turned everything downhill was Catelyn releasing Jayme. The reason why they went to war to begin with was the killing of Ned and to get Sansa and Arya back. So, they could have chopped off, let's say an ear, of Jayme and sent that to KL with the message that his sword hand would be next, or his nuts, or whatever, unless the girls were sent home asap. Something like that. Oh well, bye bye Robb... see you again in something good, Richard, and don't just hide in the theaters. (He said somewhere that he wants to go back and do theater.) I hope you're not being serious. If Robb was truly serious about fighting the war for his sisters, he would have made the trade as soon as Ned died. He didn't, because he wanted vengeance and glory.
3560	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-05-04	I hope you're not being serious. If Robb was truly serious about fighting the war for his sisters, he would have made the trade as soon as Ned died. He didn't, because he wanted vengeance and glory.Yes no one wants glory in asoiaf but Robb.If a teenager is told by his bannermen that you are our king  and we fight for you ,what else must be going through his head other than glory.
3561	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-04	I hope you're not being serious. If Robb was truly serious about fighting the war for his sisters, he would have made the trade as soon as Ned died. He didn't, because he wanted vengeance and glory.So you say Lannisters were ready to make the trade,they would have given the girls for Jaime and Rob didn't want it? Are you serious? I don't think Lannisters would let Rob or anyone get near the girls.
3562	Peptalk	2013-05-04	That's just too bad that such a likeable character will be lost. Robb was a bit bland in the first season but has become more interesting as time went by. It will be interesting to see what film projects Richard Madden will take on in the future. One article said something about a Disney thing.Well, in my mind, the one thing that turned everything downhill was Catelyn releasing Jayme. The reason why they went to war to begin with was the killing of Ned and to get Sansa and Arya back. So, they could have chopped off, let's say an ear, of Jayme and sent that to KL with the message that his sword hand would be next, or his nuts, or whatever, unless the girls were sent home asap. Something like that. Oh well, bye bye Robb... see you again in something good, Richard, and don't just hide in the theaters. (He said somewhere that he wants to go back and do theater.)I can't wait for Robb to go, tbh. I never liked Robb much at all, in the books or the series. But I will be sad to see Richard Madden go, I should think. I do like him as an actor.
3563	Peptalk	2013-05-04	Hm... I'm not sure I answered this thread, but after this week's episode my friends and family were;
* Raving about the Jon&Ygritte cave scene. About time, I think they said.
* Thinking that Jaime isn't so bad after all after his confession to Brienne
* Thinking that Arya is awesome and that she will become important
* Hoping that Sansa will go with Littlefinger
* Loving the T/T/C scene at the end and how Cersei's smirk dropped when it turned out she was to be married off too
* Getting worried about Robb because he didn't listen to his mother, uncle and wife about Karstark - although they're still convinced he will get help from the Freys and bring down the Lannisters (...hard to keep a straight face here...)
* Liking Roose Bolton and thinking he's a capable, handy ally (...hard to keep a straight face here as well, obviously..)
* Loving Margaery playing Joffrey and digging Olenna
* Convinced Daenerys will invade Westeros, still and thinking that she will rock the Iron Throne soon enough (...also hard to keep a straight face here...)
* Thinking that Daenerys and Robb might team up
3564	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-04	I've talked to so many people who are sure Dany will make it to Westeros by the end of the season. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3565	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	I can't wait for Robb to go, tbh. I never liked Robb much at all, in the books or the series. But I will be sad to see Richard Madden go, I should think. I do like him as an actor.I don't understand people like this. Robb is (for the time being) the last hope for the North. If he dies, the North becomes run by a bunch of treacherous dicks that are puppets of the Lannisters. Even if you dislike Robb I don't understand how you can hope for his death.
3566	Tirilei	2013-05-04	^ Was there a reason to think that the Lannisters wouldn't release Arya and Sansa for Jaime? IIRC, Catelyn wanted to make the exchange (and didn't feel the need to resort to any kind of "warnings"), but Robb et al thought Jaime was too valuable a prison for merely getting the girls back.Of course there was, as long as they got Jayme back first. From show-Robb 's perspective (and I don't know what other knowledge he may have in the books), your father was murdered by his best buddy's inlaws who kept your sisters for whatever purpose they may have in mind for them.  So, trust is zero. If you can't storm their headquarteres, you negotiate and don't just hand them your best card/POW. I hope you're not being serious. If Robb was truly serious about fighting the war for his sisters, he would have made the trade as soon as Ned died. He didn't, because he wanted vengeance and glory.I'd say he wanted it for all of the above, but vengeance and the sisters before glory. At least that's how it comes across to me from the show.  And instead of calling it glory, I'd call it independence. Someone mentioned in the show that the Northmen hadn't always been under the Iron Throne crown but had been their own independent kingdom (think Scotland), so that's what they want to be again. As a viewer, I was totally siding with them. Robb was the main player I've sided with through season 1 and 2, other than Jon who is doing his own thing. With Daenerys I've sided as a woman for her personal life, but not on the conquest of the throne issue.As a non-reader, my sympathies went like this: Season 1, episode 1: Hated Ned because he beheads that poor deserter without even listening to his story, and even made Bran watch. I thought, what a cruel man, he needs to go. Then after that first episode, he became the honest and likeable Ned. The only moment I didn't like about Robb was when he told Theon "it's not your house". Seemed to me at the time as if you tell your adoptive brother that he's not part of the family.  Other than that he seemed cool. Not as attractive a character as the somber and mysterious Jon, but the main good guy to root for of all those aristocrats. I just never understood why he took his mother with him to war and why she took off with him while her younger kid was unconscious at home.
3567	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-04	There was no war on when Cat left Winterfell. She left to try to identify the source of the assassin's knife.
3568	Tirilei	2013-05-04	Oh, and the promise to marry one of Frey's daughters just to cross some river land seemed odd and silly. And didn't Catelyn say that she was supposed to marry the old guy himself?  Back then, Robb's men were still all fired up, so they should have just tried to make a run for it.  Sneak across the river at night or something. Or taken a detour. But not promising marriage, yuck! Then again, for show viewers it still looked like it could have turned into some kind of funny Cinderella thing at that time:
Mom to Prince: You'll have to pick one for your wife. If there is a pretty one? Uhm, not really. There was one who wasn't as bad as the rest of them...
Prince: I don't like it, but alright, I may do it for the best interests of my people. Damn, being prince is rough...  I'll take a look at the ladies.
And it turns out that one of the wallflower-looking girls is smart and honest, she makes him notice her and they live happily ever after...
Or like that: Frey's sad and gray looking household is under a spell that only a marriage can break. And the first kiss brings back color to it all...
Alright, back to how things actually went in the show...
3569	wolverine	2013-05-04	One of our weekly watch party, or the 3 who haven't read, said last week, "Surprised Rob isn't dead yet. He's a terrible leader and the guy's family whose head got chopped off will probably kill him."All 3 love Roose, as do I. How can you not.I dunno, he's a self-serving dick?
3570	Tirilei	2013-05-04	There was no war on when Cat left Winterfell. She left to try to identify the source of the assassin's knife.Yes, but when your kid hasn't yet recovered from an assassination attempt, would you leave him behind? What if someone gets to him again while your gone? I think the more logical thing would have been for her to let Robb go by himself and for her to keep things under control at Winterfell, and still keep protection there too. Then maybe Theon never would have dared to get any foul ideas later on...
3571	wolverine	2013-05-04	Yes, but when your kid hasn't yet recovered from an assassination attempt, would you leave him behind? What if someone gets to him again while your gone? I think the more logical thing would have been for her to let Robb go by himself and for her to keep things under control at Winterfell, and still keep protection there too. Then maybe Theon never would have dared to get any foul ideas later on...This has been beaten to death many times.  Pretty much anyone trustworthy other than her could have gone and the Starks seem to have had a lot of trustworthy men.  All they had to do was deliver the info to Ned in KL.  But thankfully Catelyn went and convinced Ned of Littlewanker's trustworthiness.
3572	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-04	Yes, but when your kid hasn't yet recovered from an assassination attempt, would you leave him behind? What if someone gets to him again while your gone? I think the more logical thing would have been for her to let Robb go by himself and for her to keep things under control at Winterfell, and still keep protection there too. Then maybe Theon never would have dared to get any foul ideas later on...Robb go where by himself? Why would the acting Lord of the North leave on that kind of errand? That makes less sense. Cat was not capable of keeping anything under control in her state at the time. She just didn't trust anyone else with the message and sitting by Bran's bed wasn't doing him or her any good. As wolverine has said, this horse has been well and truly flogged.
3573	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	This has been beaten to death many times.  Pretty much anyone trustworthy other than her could have gone and the Starks seem to have had a lot of trustworthy men.  All they had to do was deliver the info to Ned in KL.  But thankfully Catelyn went and convinced Ned of Littlewanker's trustworthiness.Thankfully she sets out down the Kingsroad while trying to avoid being noticed because the lady of Winterfell leaving Winterfell would be suspicious. And more thankfully when she encounters a Lannister rather than trying to make up a story to avoid suspicion ("I was going to Riverrun to see my dying father bla bla") she kidnaps him and starts a war instead, while her beloved husband is surrounded by enemies. And even more thankfully she lets the Lannister hostage go free because nothing wins wars more than weakening your house's position.I just want to make sure that horse is truly dead.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 11:57 AM.
3574	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-04	Thankfully she sets out down the Kingsroad while trying to avoid being noticed because the lady of Winterfell leaving Winterfell would be suspicious. And more thankfully when she encounters a Lannister rather than trying to make up a story to avoid suspicion ("I was going to Riverrun to see my dying father bla bla") she kidnaps him and starts a war instead, while her beloved husband is surrounded by enemies. And even more thankfully she lets the Lannister hostage go free because nothing wins wars more than weakening your house's position.I just want to make sure that horse is truly dead. Wrong.She does not "start a war". As Cersei so astutely noted in the fourth episode of this season, Tywin started the war in response to Catelyn's action. But Tywin sent Gregor et al. undercover, showing that he knew he had no justification for going to war. I don't know which Lannister hostage you're referring to, but you're wrong either way. 1) She did not let Tyrion go free; he schemed his way out. 2) Jaime was a worthless hostage.
3575	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Wrong.She does not "start a war". As Cersei so astutely noted in the fourth episode of this season, Tywin started the war in response to Catelyn's action. But Tywin sent Gregor et al. undercover, showing that he knew he had no justification for going to war.I don't know which Lannister hostage you're referring to, but you're wrong either way. 1) She did not let Tyrion go free; he schemed his way out. 2) Jaime was a worthless hostage.Kidnapping a member of a prominent house is starting a war. There is nothing to argue there. What was Tywin supposed to do? Send a letter saying please release Tyrion and we'll forget all about this, ok? What happened the last time a member of a prominent house was kidnapped?Tyrion is who I'm referring to. She captures him and then stupidly lets him go, scheming aside. If you're going to do something as bold as kidnapping the son of the most powerful lord in the seven kingdoms you probably shouldn't bring him to a place you haven't been in forever to accuse a man of conspiring to murder a man and a child with literally zero proof.I know you probably love Cat (and all the women in aSoIaF because only men can be idiots, right?) and can't look at her actions objectively but she erred tremendously. Let me kidnap Tywin's son, I hear he's the sort of man who likes that. Oh by the way I have no actual proof that he committed any crimes I hope this doesn't come back to bite me in the ass. Stupid.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 12:13 PM.
3576	wolverine	2013-05-04	Wrong.She does not "start a war". As Cersei so astutely noted in the fourth episode of this season, Tywin started the war in response to Catelyn's action. But Tywin sent Gregor et al. undercover, showing that he knew he had no justification for going to war.I don't know which Lannister hostage you're referring to, but you're wrong either way. 1) She did not let Tyrion go free; he schemed his way out. 2) Jaime was a worthless hostage.If by schemed you mean he got really lucky, than I would agree with that portion.
3577	Sniraga	2013-05-04	Of course there was, as long as they got Jayme back first. From show-Robb 's perspective (and I don't know what other knowledge he may have in the books), your father was murdered by his best buddy's inlaws who kept your sisters for whatever purpose they may have in mind for them.  So, trust is zero. If you can't storm their headquarteres, you negotiate and don't just hand them your best card/POW.I didn't mean they should have just let Jaime go and hope they would eventually get the girls back. Even though the trust is - righteously - zero, what good would chopping bits of Jaime do? How could they trust the Lannisters wouldn't do something to Sansa and Arya in return? Besides, that kind of blackmail and intimidation would be (or so it seems to me) totally out of character for the Starks.IMO the negotiations for the hostage exchange would've been a sensible thing to do, just sans the maiming Jaime part beforehand. I don't remember how the show handled things in S2, but in the books Catelyn suggested negotiations, was turned down by Robb, and later freed Jaime on her own (and in different circumstances than in the show).
3578	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-04	My Brother is not making predicitions but he really wants to know if Arya's wolf ever comes back...
My Mother is certain that Arya is going to be queen in the end and that she'll kill Joffrey soon with the help of the handsome man that changed his face last year.
My Father unfortunately thinks Dany is on her way to Westeros and will kill "That bitch Cersei"
My male friends hope Dany finds 3 more Dragon eggs so that "all her clothes burn off again".
My female friends are rooting for Jon and Robb, didn't dare to guess what will happen though.
3579	Dove	2013-05-04	I love how many non-readers instantly trust the quiet, slightly sinister man with a desecrated corpse for his house symbol (like half of them still didn't know his name before this ep, and one of them thought it was "Bruce Bolton" as I mentioned previously /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />) who advises Robb to flay people in his first appearance, while they're extremely suspicious of literally everything Margaery does.
3580	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-04	I love how many non-readers instantly trust the quiet, slightly sinister man with a desecrated corpse for his house symbol (like half of them still didn't know his name before this ep, and one of them thought it was "Bruce Bolton" as I mentioned previously /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />) who advises Robb to flay people in his first appearance, while they're extremely suspicious of literally everything Margaery does.BRUCEBRUCE BOLTON *she spits out her orange juice and cackles loudly into the night*HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
3581	MsLibby	2013-05-04	I think some people don't know what "to flay" is.
3582	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-04	I think some people don't know what "to flay" is.just makes it better when they find out
3583	Peptalk	2013-05-05	I don't understand people like this. Robb is (for the time being) the last hope for the North. If he dies, the North becomes run by a bunch of treacherous dicks that are puppets of the Lannisters. Even if you dislike Robb I don't understand how you can hope for his death.Wait, what? I'm not hoping for his death. I already know it will take place. I never wanted him to die, but since I know he will I can't wait to be rid of him. Every time I read about him in the books and whenever I see him on the screen I get irritated. He's a source of frustration, and I look forward to be rid of that annoyance, thus = I can't wait for him to go.I liked him well enough before he betrayed the Freys and married Jeyne, but I never hoped for him to die as a result of betraying them. I was just as mortified as everyone else that he did.
3584	LordStoneheart	2013-04-28	I was wondering how they were going to handle Tywin's orders for her to remarry. The choice of Loras took me by huge surprise. I doubt it's going to affect the overall plot, but it was somewhat of a stroke of genius in the writing since they're pushing back Oberyn for now.Episode as a whole I give it a 9 out of 10. minus one star because of the rushed Loras/Littlefinger spy scene. I feel like there was a better way to let the secret out to the Lannisters without making Loras ready to jump into bed with someone who bats an eye at him. In the books he was heartbroken for a long time.I also loved how Tyrion stuck up for Sansa by bringing up crazy Joff's treatment of her. The Sansa-Tyrion plot took my brother and father by complete surprise.
3585	Newstar	2013-04-28	The Loras/Cersei engagement is interesting. We'll see how (and why) that engagement gets undone, since Tywin doesn't seem like a man who's refused, and he seems pretty determined on this engagement.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 09:23 PM.
3586	Yago	2013-04-28	Surprised me but makes sense. Gives him a reason to join the KG.
3587	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Doesn't Tywin suggest Loras in the books and then when Cersei refuses he names Oberyn or someone else?
3588	jons nissa	2013-04-28	i remember back in season 2 d&d said they would change things purposely to keep it fresh for book readers as well. the cersei/loras engagement was definitely that for me. it makes sense but i really didn't see it coming with all the sansa/loras talk.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
3589	Er Rn	2013-04-28	The Loras/Cersei engagement is interesting. We'll see how (and why) that engagement gets undone, since Tywin doesn't seem like a man who's refused, and he seems pretty determined on this engagement.I figure he'll probably end up joining the KG. Although if he is indeed heir to Highgarden that throws a bit of a wrench in it.
3590	Montey14	2013-04-28	yeppp....was just gonna say that Cersei will put him in the kingsguard to avoid marriage
3591	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Doesn't Tywin suggest Loras in the books and then when Cersei refuses he names Oberyn or someone else?It's actually Willas in the book iirc.
3592	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	It's actually Willas in the book iirc.Oh that's right. Loras is KG by then.
3593	Nezzer	2013-04-28	RIP Willas and Garlan. Apparently, they are never going to be important in the books. I don't mind the change much, though.
3594	Javi Marcos	2013-04-28	Loras-Cersei was totally unexpected for me.
I loved these type of surprises for book readers.
With Loras joining the Kingsguard and with no other Tyrells brother we suppose Marg is the heir of Highgarden, no?
3595	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-28	I recall Tywin offered to marry her to Balon Greyjoy in the book as well. Her reaction to that was amusing.
3596	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I recall Tywin offered to marry her to Balon Greyjoy in the book as well. Her reaction to that was amusing.That was hilarious to read. But watching her father arrange a marriage to a man Tyrion just mocked for not liking women was hilarious. Although kind of stupid on Tywin's part but he probably thinks they can find a way to breed.
3597	Frumpus	2013-04-28	We don't know for sure that Loras will join the KG to get out of the wedding. I'm sure Cersei will just throw enough of a hissy fit to make Tywin reconsider when Oberyn shows up next season.
3598	Naathi Prince	2013-04-28	That was hilarious to read. But watching her father arrange a marriage to a man Tyrion just mocked for not liking women was hilarious. Although kind of stupid on Tywin's part but he probably thinks they can find a way to breed.There are most likely other Lords who swing their swords the other way in Westeros. Some of them manage to do the deed enough times to have a child or too. Look up Jim McGreevey, for example.Also, in the books, Tywin first tries to marry Cersei to Willas, is rejected, and then begins looking at his other options.
					
					
							Edited by Naathi Prince, 28 April 2013 - 09:50 PM.
3599	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	There are most likely other Lords who swing their swords the other way in Westeros. Some of them manage to do the deed enough times to have a child or too. Look up Jim McGreevey, for example.Also, in the books, Tywin first tries to marry Cersei to Willas, is rejected, and then begins looking at his other options.Oh I know, it's just funny that Tywin doesn't seem concerned at all by it and is just sort of like "you'll figure it out."
3600	Francis Buck	2013-04-28	Very good episode. Jaime/Brienne were fantastic.
Now, I'm not a book purist by any means, but did anyone else think the "pickled-babies-in-mad-scientist-jars" thing with Selyse and Stannis was kind of...bizarre? I mean, the idea itself isn't that bad, but the actual props looked like something out of an 80's sci-fi movie. It was just very out of place. 
Otherwise though it was a great episode.
3601	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Yeah I could've done without the baby jars.
3602	Ministry312	2013-04-28	Tywin said he wanted to marry Cersei to Loras because he was going to inherit Highgarden. So, one would assume there is no willas or garlan in the series, right? Loras and Margaery are going to be the only Tyrell kids...
I'm not sure about this, but I guess it means Willas/Garlan will not have any big participation whatsoever in tWoW or aDoS. Otherwise they wouldn't simply rule them out in the series.
3603	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Tywin said he wanted to marry Cersei to Loras because he was going to inherit Highgarden. So, one would assume there is no willas or garlan in the series, right? Loras and Margaery are going to be the only Tyrell kids...I'm not sure about this, but I guess it means Willas/Garlan will not have any big participation whatsoever in tWoW or aDoS. Otherwise they wouldn't simply rule them out in the series.They could always cast a younger Willas later if they need to. Since Loras would be a KG Willa's would become heir.
3604	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Yeah I think that if either Garlan or Willas becomes important in the future they can just add them in as a younger brother later. Kind of how they did with Selyse and Shireen last season.
3605	cybobbie	2013-04-28	Surprised me but makes sense. Gives him a reason to join the KG.It was a big surprise but I liked the change, since I already didn't expect Willas in the show. However I believe that Cersey will be the one making Loras becoming a member of the KG so she can avoid the wedding.
3606	Frumpus	2013-04-28	They could always cast a younger Willas later if they need to. Since Loras would be a KG Willa's would become heir.Not going to happen. If they were going to use Willas's one role in the books they would have included him in the canon, but they didn't.Loras could join the KG, but given how much the KG has been marginalized by the tv show, they might not even bother and just have Cersei complain her way to get out of it.I think Loras probably won't join the KG because Mace would need him to be his heir. Why would Loras defy his father?
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 28 April 2013 - 10:12 PM.
3607	Lord Godric	2013-04-28	I loved Tywin's parting remarks about both children, not just Tyrion. 
I do wonder how they'll break the Cersei/Loras engagement though.  People are obviously saying the Kingsguard, but how do they manage that unless the Tyrells find out secretly and then force Loras into the Kingsguard.  It's not like he can make the decision after it is publicly announced.
3608	Newstar	2013-04-28	There could be a "spare" younger Tyrell, I suppose. Garlan or Willas or some composite Garlan/Willas character could be the "spare" to clean up messy succession questions when Loras joins the Kingsguard.
3609	Frumpus	2013-04-28	There could be a "spare" younger Tyrell, I suppose. Garlan or Willas or some composite Garlan/Willas character could be the "spare" to clean up messy succession questions when Loras joins the Kingsguard.comes back to the question of why they would exclude the older brothers in the first place if they were going this route.
3610	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Cersei could put it in Joffrey's ear to appoint Loras to the KG. She doesn't have much influence over him at the moment, but she could simply tell him the Tyrells are plotting to take Sansa away, and with her the North by having her marry Loras.
					
					
							Edited by Er Rn, 28 April 2013 - 10:23 PM.
3611	Kasrith	2013-04-28	RIP Willas and Garlan. Apparently, they are never going to be important in the books. I don't mind the change much, though.I don't see how the changes in this season regarding Willas and Garlan. Have you not yet separated book from show?
3612	Kasrith	2013-04-28	Cersei could put it in Joffrey's ear to appoint Loras to the KG. She doesn't have much influence over him at the moment, but she could simply tell him the Tyrells are plotting to take Sansa away, and with her the North by having her marry Loras.Why would he care about where Sansa goes, he has a brand new shiny toy which is much more intriguing for him. I don't think it'll be Cersei getting him to do it at all, but Margaery in order to 'spare' her brother. He is a great knight after all, why wouldn't Joff want him to do it.Such a decision on Joff's part, fuelled by Margaery will be bittersweet for Cersei, since she'll be glad to be out of the betrothal but hate that a) it was Margaery's doing and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the Tyrell influence in KL - Queen and Kingsguard - will be growing strong
3613	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-28	Not going to happen. If they were going to use Willas's one role in the books they would have included him in the canon, but they didn't.Loras could join the KG, but given how much the KG has been marginalized by the tv show, they might not even bother and just have Cersei complain her way to get out of it.I think Loras probably won't join the KG because Mace would need him to be his heir. Why would Loras defy his father?Loras won't have a say in the matter.  Cersei will convince Joff to do it, to show that Joff isn't completely whipped by his soon to be wife.IIRC Aerys put Jaime in the Kingsguard without the permission of Tywin.  So I figure Joff can do the same.Will also show that Tywin can't control his grandson either.
3614	King Zee	2013-04-28	I do wonder how they'll break the Cersei/Loras engagement though.  .they dont need to break anything, they'll simply have Lady Olenna reject the offer by saying that Cersei is "too used"....like in the books.
3615	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	comes back to the question of why they would exclude the older brothers in the first place if they were going this route.Because they haven't really had a need for them yet and the huge cast is already overwhelming. Again if either character is actually important they will just drop them in as the younger brother. There has been no statement of how many Tyrell kids there are so it's a back door plan if needed.
3616	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-28	Loras won't have a say in the matter.  Cersei will convince Joff to do it, to show that Joff isn't completely whipped by his soon to be wife.IIRC Aerys put Jaime in the Kingsguard without the permission of Tywin.  So I figure Joff can do the same.Will also show that Tywin can't control his grandson either.Not bad thinking.  In any case, I'm definitely enjoying how the show is playing out these story lines.  This was a very good episode, IMO.
3617	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Why would he care about where Sansa goes, he has a brand new shiny toy which is much more intriguing for him. I don't think it'll be Cersei getting him to do it at all, but Margaery in order to 'spare' her brother. He is a great knight after all, why wouldn't Joff want him to do it.Such a decision on Joff's part, fuelled by Margaery will be bittersweet for Cersei, since she'll be glad to be out of the betrothal but hate that a) it was Margaery's doing and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the Tyrell influence in KL - Queen and Kingsguard - will be growing strongWell the second part of my post that you didn't bold was "and with her goes the North" which is the prize in this thing anyway, not Sansa. I don't think he'd be to keen on letting that slip away regardless of what his wife says.
3618	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Loras won't have a say in the matter.  Cersei will convince Joff to do it, to show that Joff isn't completely whipped by his soon to be wife.IIRC Aerys put Jaime in the Kingsguard without the permission of Tywin.  So I figure Joff can do the same.Will also show that Tywin can't control his grandson either.My thoughts exactly.
3619	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-28	Well this is what I see will probably happen
Attempt to marry Loras, Tyrells say he's to join the kingsguard. He won't have a problem. Surrounded by big burly men all the time? Dream job for him.
Lannisters react by trying to marry her to Wilas. Cersei is even more angered. "First you marry me to a drunk, then a gay man, now a cripple?!" Ironically foreshadowing the falling out that she and Jaime have.
This time, the Tyrells flat out say no.
Tywin finally decides to marry her to Oberyn to strengthen their bond/claim/whatever to Dorne
3620	Golden Lion	2013-04-28	I still don't understand the show. 
Loras asked to be kingsguard at the end of last season, he can't be married and if he gets denied his request for the kingsguard then that's a slight to the tyrell's because there isn't a decent excuse  considering jaime is missing and others died on the blackwater.
Is the show just acting like 2x10 didn't happen? 
Cersei is going to shove Loras in the kingsguard, that much is obvious. The writing themselves into a corner with 2x10 and then acting like it didn't happen just bugs me.
3621	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	They could always cast a younger Willas later if they need to. Since Loras would be a KG Willa's would become heir.It's very possible Willas and Garlan still exist except Loras has been moved up to elder brother.  Tywin naming Loras to the Kingsguard would be an interesting parrellel to Aerys naming Jaime to that same position.  In doing so, Aerys deprived Tywin of his eldest and left his dwarf son as heir.  In sending Loras to the Kingsguard, perhaps Tywin leaves the Tyrells with a cripple (Willas) as heir.  Just an idea.
3622	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I still don't understand the show. Loras asked to be kingsguard at the end of last season, he can't be married and if he gets denied his request for the kingsguard then that's a slight to the tyrell's because there isn't a decent excuse  considering jaime is missing and others died on the blackwater.Is the show just acting like 2x10 didn't happen? Cersei is going to shove Loras in the kingsguard, that much is obvious. The writing themselves into a corner with 2x10 and then acting like it didn't happen just bugs me.You should watch that episode again. He never asks to be in the Kingsguard. That only happens in the book.
3623	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-28	I still don't understand the show. Loras asked to be kingsguard at the end of last season, he can't be married and if he gets denied his request for the kingsguard then that's a slight to the tyrell's because there isn't a decent excuse  considering jaime is missing and others died on the blackwater.Is the show just acting like 2x10 didn't happen? Cersei is going to shove Loras in the kingsguard, that much is obvious. The writing themselves into a corner with 2x10 and then acting like it didn't happen just bugs me.Hmm.Hadn't thought about that.  I think that scene in the throne room from 2x10 is on YouTube...
					
					
							Edited by ExileOnDaytonStreet, 28 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
3624	A Winters Summer	2013-04-28	I think the Cersei will convince Joffrey to annoint Loras to the KG, thus allowing a "shock" to the T.V. viewers of Cersei defying the mighty Tywin. The scene was a shock to me, but a pleasent one. I doubt Willas and Garlen will be cast, I see know reason for them. This was a good direction in my opinion. Either way Cersei will still end up in the same place that she is in the books.
3625	Golden Lion	2013-04-28	You should watch that episode again. He never asks to be in the Kingsguard. That only happens in the book.I must be tripping balls. I swear that happened in the show. >.<
3626	Minsc	2013-04-28	Well this is what I see will probably happenAttempt to marry Loras, Tyrells say he's to join the kingsguard. He won't have a problem. Surrounded by big burly men all the time? Dream job for him.Lannisters react by trying to marry her to Wilas. Cersei is even more angered. "First you marry me to a drunk, then a gay man, now a cripple?!" Ironically foreshadowing the falling out that she and Jaime have.This time, the Tyrells flat out say no.Tywin finally decides to marry her to Oberyn to strengthen their bond/claim/whatever to DorneHonestly, I don't think they are going to introduce Willas at all otherwise why not just use him in the first place.
3627	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-28	Honestly, I don't think they are going to introduce Willas at all otherwise why not just use him in the first place.I didn't mean that they would talk much about him or cast an actor for him. Just bring up "oh hey there's another Tyrell you can marry too." Two or three lines of dialogue. I doubt Tywin will give up such a valuable marriage possibility. They had Olenna list how much they're helping out for a reason. The reach is very fertile and clearly a key ally when wartime and winter come.
3628	jarl the climber	2013-04-28	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162It was a big surprise but I liked the change, since I already didn't expect Willas in the show. However I believe that Cersey will be the one making Loras becoming a member of the KG so she can avoid the wedding.The problem they have putting him in the Kingsguard is that he is the heir to Highgarden. I suppose they could introduce Wilas or Garlan as a younger brother but it would be harder to force him into it without his consent. Remember Joff mentioned his hatred for gays, so marrying him to Sansa and getting him out of Kings Landing made sense in the long term. Now if he has to join the Kingsguard to get out of marrying Cersei and he has to stay in the capitol and around Joff it adds to the motive of having Joff assasinated. Its hard to beleive Joff does not know about Loras if he knows Renly was gay, which would put his statement to Marge about Renlys depravity in a different light.
3629	Montey14	2013-04-29	what other trigger is there for Loras to be kings guard....Maybe the Tyrells will also see it as a way to implant one of there own to spy on the king and Cersei as well...it would also foil Twyins plans to get control of Highgarden ....and shot as well for foiling the plot to marry Loras to Sansa......I wouldn't put anything past Lady Olenna ...
3630	Martin Lasarte	2013-04-29	Olenna and Tywin will have a scene together, during which he'll offer to marry Cersei to Loras, and she'll reject the offer.
3631	Pellaeon	2013-04-29	It also created an interesting parallel between Cersei and Tyrion, especially because Cersei didn't storm out. No both sit there having to marry people they don't love, maybe they talk...next episode sunday
3632	LordStoneheart	2013-04-29	It also created an interesting parallel between Cersei and Tyrion, especially because Cersei didn't storm out. No both sit there having to marry people they don't love, maybe they talk...next episode sundayOh yeah, I actually loved how Lena played that scene. I felt sorry for her when she said "Please don't make me do it again," and I've never felt sorry for Cercei, even during her walk.
3633	Razha	2013-04-29	I think they might omit Loras - kingsguard story altogether...
Option 1 -
It might sound crazy (and would undermine the role of Oberyn in the next season) but just as possibility... what if they will really marry Sersei to Loras?
For the next seasons he might take over the functions of Mace tyrrel as well, being in Small council, etc.....
Option 2 -  Sersei is bethrothed to Loras and weddinng is intended to Happen after Jofreys wedding, so PW,  Tyrions trials, Tywins funeral might give Sersei an excuse to postpone the marriage till Season 5... In Season  5  when Loras  goes to Dragonstone  while Sersei plots against Margery he might be still oficcially a groom for Sersei and it will be his wounding / margerys arrest that will ruin the marriage pact.
We don't know whats in store for their characters in the future books anyway
					
					
							Edited by Razha, 29 April 2013 - 02:38 AM.
3634	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-29	Doesn't Tywin suggest Loras in the books and then when Cersei refuses he names Oberyn or someone else?Olenna and Tywin will have a scene together, during which he'll offer to marry Cersei to Loras, and she'll reject the offer.I think that will solve not having the rest of the Tyrells. In books, Tywin offers Cersei to Mace Tyrell and he, so he says, agrees. Later, he reffuses and Tywin thinks it was because of his mother. Now we might have the mother saying no herself.
3635	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I thought of something good: the change could be for them to start  to show Cersei's incompetence at the game. Perhaps her reaction will be to push Loras to join the kingsguard. At which point, Tywin chews her out for complaining to him about the amount of power the Tyrells have and then giving one of them an excuse to be around the king 24/7. Not the brightest decision. If they go that route.
3636	Newstar	2013-04-29	Oh yeah, I actually loved how Lena played that scene. I felt sorry for her when she said "Please don't make me do it again," and I've never felt sorry for Cercei, even during her walk.I didn't, seeing as how I'd just seen Cersei needling Tyrion about the Tyrion/Sansa match and preening about the match she'd made possible, knowing full well that that would mean Sansa being married off against her will to someone she would hate, and and gloating about that fate being thrust on Sansa, someone who'd never harmed her, even though Cersei herself had experienced what it was like to be a woman trapped at a very young age in a loveless, unwanted political marriage. You'd think if anyone would be inclined to understand the tragedy and horror of Sansa's situation and hesitate at forcing her into such a marriage, it would be Cersei, but nope! She's too busy congratulating herself on thwarting the Tyrells and smirking at Tyrion about what a catch he's landed. She's perfectly fine with making someone else suffer, even happy about it, despite having suffered similarly herself.It was thrilling and righteous to watch Cersei reduced to tears and begging as Tywin gave her a dose of her own medicine. Where were her tears and pleading for mercy when Tywin wanted to marry Sansa, an innocent, to Tyrion?I loved Lena Headey's acting, but did I feel sorry for Cersei? Not one bit.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 29 April 2013 - 03:11 AM.
3637	greensleeves	2013-04-29	I think the Cersei will convince Joffrey to annoint Loras to the KG, thus allowing a "shock" to the T.V. viewers of Cersei defying the mighty Tywin. The scene was a shock to me, but a pleasent one. I doubt Willas and Garlen will be cast, I see know reason for them. This was a good direction in my opinion. Either way Cersei will still end up in the same place that she is in the books.If they do this, I'll miss the atmosphere created by everyone turning down Cersei.  I liked the other houses acknowledging Cersei's role in her dysfunctional marriage and that Olenna becomes completely sure that Joff, Myrcella, and Tommen are the products of incest.  I think their refusal also serves as a castigation of House Lannister as a whole.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 29 April 2013 - 03:15 AM.
3638	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	I didn't, seeing as how I'd just seen Cersei needling Tyrion about the Tyrion/Sansa match and preening about the match she'd made possible, knowing full well that that would mean Sansa being married off against her will to someone she would hate, and and gloating about that fate being thrust on Sansa, someone who'd never harmed her, even though Cersei herself had experienced what it was like to be a woman trapped at a very young age in a loveless, unwanted political marriage. You'd think if anyone would be inclined to understand the tragedy and horror of Sansa's situation and hesitate at forcing her into such a marriage, it would be Cersei, but nope! She's too busy congratulating herself on thwarting the Tyrells and smirking at Tyrion about what a catch he's landed. She's perfectly fine with making someone else suffer, even happy about it, despite having suffered similarly herself.It was thrilling and righteous to watch Cersei reduced to tears and begging as Tywin gave her a dose of her own medicine. Where were her tears and pleading for mercy when Tywin wanted to marry Sansa, an innocent, to Tyrion?I loved Lena Headey's acting, but did I feel sorry for Cersei? Not one bit.I think you read too much into it, that scene wasn't about Cersei and Sansa. It was about Cersei's hatred for Tyrion, Cersei has already shown sympathy for Sansa last season. Forced marriage is part of westeros noblity, its widely accepted so Cersei isn't going to mope over it because it's not a horror or a tragedy it's just a part of being a woman in westeros. I think they might omit Loras - kingsguard story altogether...Option 1 -It might sound crazy (and would undermine the role of Oberyn in the next season) but just as possibility... what if they will really marry Sersei to Loras?For the next seasons he might take over the functions of Mace tyrrel as well, being in Small council, etc.....Option 2 -  Sersei is bethrothed to Loras and weddinng is intended to Happen after Jofreys wedding, so PW,  Tyrions trials, Tywins funeral might give Sersei an excuse to postpone the marriage till Season 5... In Season  5  when Loras  goes to Dragonstone  while Sersei plots against Margery he might be still oficcially a groom for Sersei and it will be his wounding / margerys arrest that will ruin the marriage pact.We don't know whats in store for their characters in the future books anywayCersei won't remarry, it changes too much. It'd undermine AFFC and ADWD. Cersei will push Loras into the king's guard, or Ollena will get Marg to manipulate Joffrey into doing it.I thought of something good: the change could be for them to start  to show Cersei's incompetence at the game. Perhaps her reaction will be to push Loras to join the kingsguard. At which point, Tywin chews her out for complaining to him about the amount of power the Tyrells have and then giving one of them an excuse to be around the king 24/7. Not the brightest decision. If they go that route.Cersei isn't incompetent at the game. She only seems that way because she's always against Tyrion who thinks differently to how she does and when we got her POVs in the books she was a very broken Cersei compared to the fully working Cersei in 3/4 of SOS.
3639	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-29	Loras will join the KG before he gets to marry Cersei. This will be the Tyrells' way of getting back at the Lannisters for denying them Sansa.
3640	Newstar	2013-04-29	Forced marriage is part of westeros noblity, its widely accepted so Cersei isn't going to mope over it because it's not a horror or a tragedy it's just a part of being a woman in westeros.She was certainly moping when she was told she would have to undergo a forced marriage, though. If it were no big deal, shouldn't she be similarly blase about getting married off again? But no, she's crying and pleading, and why? Because it sucks, and she knows that it sucks, but she didn't care when Sansa was the one who would have to suffer through it. If Cersei makes a great show of sisterhood in an upcoming episode with Sansa, I'm pretty sure I'll puke.Cersei isn't incompetent at the game. She only seems that way because she's always against TyrionMost of the proof that Cersei is a blithering incompetent when it comes to this stuff is from AFFC, though, once Tyrion's out of her life forever.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 29 April 2013 - 04:43 AM.
3641	Sun	2013-04-29	Loras/Cersie was a surprise, but then I realised it presented  a perfect way to show Cersie's resourcefulness by having her manipulate Joff into inducting Loras into the King's Guard. It would be a superb irony if Cersie manages to use her son to subvert her father's plans for her, since only last week saw Tywin berating her for not managing Joff better. It will be a moment of triumph for Cersie after being called stupid by both Tywin, and Tyrion - who will not be able to get of the marriage to Sansa.
This will bring Joff into confrontation with the Tyrells, and Marg in particular, who will undoubtadly not be happy about their only son and heir being tied to KG. Cue Tyrell realisation that Joff is too dangerous a gamble for them to take in marriage.  
It will also bring Joff into a confrontation with Tywin, which by the looks of it, Tywin will lose. The show can make something out of Tywin's realisation that Joff is not one to be handled by anyone, not even him. Thus making Joff a threat in his grandpapa's eyes.
All this subtext will come in handy come PW, next season.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 09:19 AM.
3642	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-29	I didn't, seeing as how I'd just seen Cersei needling Tyrion about the Tyrion/Sansa match and preening about the match she'd made possible, knowing full well that that would mean Sansa being married off against her will to someone she would hate, and and gloating about that fate being thrust on Sansa, someone who'd never harmed her, even though Cersei herself had experienced what it was like to be a woman trapped at a very young age in a loveless, unwanted political marriage. You'd think if anyone would be inclined to understand the tragedy and horror of Sansa's situation and hesitate at forcing her into such a marriage, it would be Cersei, but nope! She's too busy congratulating herself on thwarting the Tyrells and smirking at Tyrion about what a catch he's landed. She's perfectly fine with making someone else suffer, even happy about it, despite having suffered similarly herself.It was thrilling and righteous to watch Cersei reduced to tears and begging as Tywin gave her a dose of her own medicine. Where were her tears and pleading for mercy when Tywin wanted to marry Sansa, an innocent, to Tyrion?I loved Lena Headey's acting, but did I feel sorry for Cersei? Not one bit.I agree. Your comment really proves the statements made in the thread in the General Forum about Cersei being a victim of misogyny but that it is overlooked because she herself is very misogynistic. Poor Cersei being forced to marry Loras but not poor Sansa who is being forced to marry Tyrion with no thought of Tyrion who is also being forced to marry.Cersei isn't incompetent at the game. She only seems that way because she's always against Tyrion who thinks differently to how she does and when we got her POVs in the books she was a very broken Cersei compared to the fully working Cersei in 3/4 of SOS.Actually she is very incompetent at the game and while she makes one or two competent moves, they only work in the short term. Overall, she cannot grasp the full situation enough to be competent at the game.
3643	i-sawr-the-ghost-of-harren	2013-04-29	The Loras/Cersei engagement is interesting. We'll see how (and why) that engagement gets undone, since Tywin doesn't seem like a man who's refused, and he seems pretty determined on this engagement.I can imagine the QoT refusing Tywin's offer of Cersei's hand, in that amusing way of hers.
3644	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	I can imagine the QoT refusing Tywin's offer of Cersei's hand, in that amusing way of hers.Thats how it worked out with WIlas in the books, more or less. Tywin considered the refusal to be a slight all though he kept the knowledge from Cersei and told Tyrion that it would be better if nobody knows the offer was ever made. Tyrion thought Tywin would exact some sort of revenge against the Tyrells somewhere down the road for it.Its interesting that when Tywin and Littlefinger were talking about an alliance with the Tyrells in Season 2, LF sold it by saying it was a temporary thing and at the right time Tywin could move against the Tyrells and punish them for going against Joffrey initially. What is Tywin going for another Robert type marriage where they have Cersei pop out a couple of kids and then kill off Loras so they can steal Highgarden from them? This kind makes me think that the Tyrells will manipulate Joff into naming Loras to the Kingsguard, which is an honor but it can also be refused.I also did not like the way Loras was portrayed. He came off like he was a slut. Now if the seducer guy had acted more innocent like he was a gay guy in a closeted society and was afraid of exposing himself but had heard rumors about  Renly and Loras so he kind of opened up to Loras who felt compassion for him, it might not have seemed so gratuitious, like they were throwing in some gay sex to keep the gay fans happy and stereotyping Loras as the Queer Lord who wants to sit on a throne of dildos or some sort of crap like that.
3645	juanml82	2013-04-29	I think they might omit Loras - kingsguard story altogether...Option 1 -It might sound crazy (and would undermine the role of Oberyn in the next season) but just as possibility... what if they will really marry Sersei to Loras?For the next seasons he might take over the functions of Mace tyrrel as well, being in Small council, etc.....Option 2 -  Sersei is bethrothed to Loras and weddinng is intended to Happen after Jofreys wedding, so PW,  Tyrions trials, Tywins funeral might give Sersei an excuse to postpone the marriage till Season 5... In Season  5  when Loras  goes to Dragonstone  while Sersei plots against Margery he might be still oficcially a groom for Sersei and it will be his wounding / margerys arrest that will ruin the marriage pact.We don't know whats in store for their characters in the future books anywayWell, that saves them a character, makes a change from the books and solves the whole Highgarden heir issue (which I don't think non book readers have even noticed anyway, though). It might very well be.
3646	DemiNymph	2013-04-29	I'm surprised there isn't a Ros appearance in this episode. *snark*
3647	Demandred	2013-04-29	I was just annoyed by what they're doing to Loras. So, he blurts out his family's ambitions to a guy who he just met and screwed? Surely they could have come up with a better way for Littlefinger to find out the Tyrell intentions.
3648	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	Another thing to keep in mind is that Tywin tries to marry Cersei to Oberyn as well later in ASOS. Oberyn implies that Cersei had tries to seduce him herself, offering him marriage if he found the imp guilty. Her staying single, like in the books just seems like it would work better. Plus it will keep her from getting charged with adultery.
3649	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-29	Yeah I could've done without the baby jars.completely unnecessary her mental instability was clear without it
3650	ugashep	2013-04-29	completely unnecessary her mental instability was clear without itCouldn't agree more, gross, I fast forwarded through that on the rewatch this morning.
3651	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-29	Only slightly related to the thread topic, but the baby jars and Loras' loose lips (while a little too dead on for my tastes) makes sense when you think of how little time we have to show all this story.
There just isn't enough time to sow these things in more than one scene.
3652	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I'm surprised there isn't a Ros appearance in this episode. *snark*Ros is an exposition tool and is used when you need things to be said out loud that were only thought in the books. This episode didn't cover that many internal scenes so she wasn't needed.
3653	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	Actually she is very incompetent at the game and while she makes one or two competent moves, they only work in the short term. Overall, she cannot grasp the full situation enough to be competent at the game.How? Her dealing with Robert, the Stark household and Ned were very competent moves that were well executed. The only thing that undermined that was Joffrey, which has nothing to do with Cersei.The wildfire used in the blackwater was Cersei's plan, having Tyrion killed during the battle was another well planned move that was foiled due to pod.The only badly executed move I can think of is kidnapping ros/chatayaya (though it was more provoked than strategic).She's not incompetent just because other characters intervene or just get lucky, that doesn't undermine her game play.
3654	Olympia	2013-04-29	Surprised me but makes sense. Gives him a reason to join the KG.At first I was upset but then THIS totally makes sense.
3655	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	How? Her dealing with Robert, the Stark household and Ned were very competent moves that were well executed. The only thing that undermined that was Joffrey, which has nothing to do with Cersei.The wildfire used in the blackwater was Cersei's plan, having Tyrion killed during the battle was another well planned move that was foiled due to pod.The only badly executed move I can think of is kidnapping ros/chatayaya (though it was more provoked than strategic).She's not incompetent just because other characters intervene or just get lucky, that doesn't undermine her game play.Her moves only work in the short term. Her paranoia and gender frustration make her short sighted. Joffrey is only in a position to kill Ned because in her desire for power she put a child on the throne that it should have been clear she wouldn't be able to control. That conversation about the standing army? Whaaa? The wildfire is a battle tactic, not a political move. Even then, wildfire is extremely dangerous and she knows that. The decision to put people at risk the way she did could be argued to be quite reckless. Tyrion says there was enough wildfire there to level the city (foreshadowing at her descent into the same madness that King Aerys had? Perhaps)Yes, spare him and send him to the wall. Where the other northerners who know him would be appalled at the accusation that Eddard Stark would betray Robert, could easily visit him to find out the truth anyway, and still lead a rebellion. Now, honestly there was just no good way to handle that situation. The fact is the consequences caught up to the brotherfucker and the best thing to do would have been to run, as Ned offered her the chance to do. But because she wanted to be all-powerful queen, she was like "lol no" and chose the course of action that had no way of ending well.Besides, as it was stated, most of the proof she is incompetent is after Tyrion is gone. Once she truly is left to make her own decisions, things go horribly. Oh hey bank who's notorious for getting their money however they need to, that money we owe? Lol nah, wait til this war is over. Oh hey religious zealots, you can form your military again. It's all good!Oh hey people who try to give me sensible advice. I'm just going to assume you're plotting against me and have you thrown out and replaced.Oh hey Littlefinger, let's pretend this girl is Arya Stark, even though I have absolutely no proof that Arya Stark is dead other than my own assumptions. Nevermind that if Arya isn't dead, she looks enough like her parents to discredit the impostor.
3656	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-29	She's not incompetent just because other characters intervene or just get lucky, that doesn't undermine her game play.Actually it's the other way around. Although she is clever enough to realize she can kill Robert using his own weaknesses against him, her plan of getting him drunk and then encouraging him to do dangerous things (she didn't order anything as a result of her conversation with Ned - it was already in the works) is just willy nilly and the timing of his actual death was very lucky for her. By the same account, he would have killed the boar returned to King's Landing and Ned would have shared his news with Robert about Cersei's treason. It was all left to chance and extremely risky.Her moves against Ned were well executed but I would wager my fortune that Littlefinger helped tremendously with that plan. He says as much to Ned when he tells Ned to move against Cersei but Ned refuses. At that point, it is Littlefinger that persuades the guards to side with Cersei and not the Hand.The wildfire was a great idea but left with no real plan for execution. Had Tyrion not formulated his plan for the substance, Cersei's plan was to dump it and light it. Bye bye, King's Landing. Cersei's plan to kill Tyrion was not solid either which is probably why Tyrion is alive.Cersei is not dumb but she is hardly competent and cannot really make strategic plans. That is her major flaw when it comes to playing the game. She doesn't see the whole board nor anticipate many of the moves so her short sighted plans usually fail or succeed if she has a bit of luck.
3657	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	I agree with Ser Pounce, Cersei really doesnt plan more than three steps ahead. Her plan to outmaneuvre Ned for example, was absolutely terrible. If she hadnt been incredibly lucky, Robert wouldnt have come across a huge boar while reeling from wine, and she and her children would have been executed when he got back.
3658	Frumpus	2013-04-29	Loras will join the KG before he gets to marry Cersei. This will be the Tyrells' way of getting back at the Lannisters for denying them Sansa.Why do people keep insisting Loras must join the KG on the show?You realize that as Mace's only son, Loras is the heir of highgarden? That would no longer be the case if he became KG!If the writers actually go through with this, then they are not thinking of the consequences they made for themselves when they cut Willas and Garlan.There is absolutely no reason for Loras to join the KG on the tv show because they haven't made a big deal out of the kingsguard. Nobody even knows who is officially on it.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 29 April 2013 - 12:57 PM.
3659	Colonel Green	2013-04-29	Oh hey Littlefinger, let's pretend this girl is Arya Stark, even though I have absolutely no proof that Arya Stark is dead other than my own assumptions. Nevermind that if Arya isn't dead, she looks enough like her parents to discredit the impostor.That's a perfectly fine idea.  That Arya isn't dead is a pretty monumental plot contrivance, when looked at realistically (not that it's a bad thing, mind you; it's a story).  Arya's been MIA for years at that point.  The most logical assumption would be that she died somewhere in King's Landing and was never found.
3660	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	That's a perfectly fine idea.  That Arya isn't dead is a pretty monumental plot contrivance, when looked at realistically (not that it's a bad thing, mind you; it's a story).  Arya's been MIA for years at that point.  The most logical assumption would be that she died somewhere in King's Landing and was never found.It may be a logical assumption but the point is that its just that-- an assumption. She doesn't know for sure that Arya's dead and that makes it a poor decision. Yeah it's reasonable to think she is, but don't go trying to cement alliances based off of something that can come crumbling down around you at any given moment.
3661	giant snake	2013-04-29	Why do people keep insisting Loras must join the KG on the show?You realize that as Mace's only son, Loras is the heir of highgarden? That would no longer be the case if he became KG!If the writers actually go through with this, then they are not thinking of the consequences they made for themselves when they cut Willas and Garlan.There is absolutely no reason for Loras to join the KG on the tv show because they haven't made a big deal out of the kingsguard. Nobody even knows who is officially on it.You're right about the KG being insignificant in the show, but they way they totally changed the character of Loras is confusing to me.  He was never the 16 year old boy with stars in his eyes.  Well obviously everyone is a few years older in the show, but that isn't enough to make into some kind of cynical pawn of his family.  His being in mourning for Renly explained his willingness to sacrifice everything else and join the KG.  What is really baffling to me:  why is it that when there is a gay character in these HBO series, they are really just a parasite who either cares for no one at all or simply wants to manipulate events to their advantage?  Are they trying to keep the ratio of gay sex scenes higher at the expense of character development?
3662	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	Actually it's the other way around. Although she is clever enough to realize she can kill Robert using his own weaknesses against him, her plan of getting him drunk and then encouraging him to do dangerous things (she didn't order anything as a result of her conversation with Ned - it was already in the works) is just willy nilly and the timing of his actual death was very lucky for her. By the same account, he would have killed the boar returned to King's Landing and Ned would have shared his news with Robert about Cersei's treason. It was all left to chance and extremely risky.Her moves against Ned were well executed but I would wager my fortune that Littlefinger helped tremendously with that plan. He says as much to Ned when he tells Ned to move against Cersei but Ned refuses. At that point, it is Littlefinger that persuades the guards to side with Cersei and not the Hand.The wildfire was a great idea but left with no real plan for execution. Had Tyrion not formulated his plan for the substance, Cersei's plan was to dump it and light it. Bye bye, King's Landing. Cersei's plan to kill Tyrion was not solid either which is probably why Tyrion is alive.Cersei is not dumb but she is hardly competent and cannot really make strategic plans. That is her major flaw when it comes to playing the game. She doesn't see the whole board nor anticipate many of the moves so her short sighted plans usually fail or succeed if she has a bit of luck.The same could be said for other players, the luckiest people when it comes to plots in westeros are Tyrion and Littlefinger. Things just fall into their laps. Varys, Cersei, Marg etc all play the same but they don't benefit from the same amount of luck as the others. But the throne room scene was already set, whether or not the city watch followed Ned the Lannisters were already butchering house Stark, if they took the Lannisters hostage then Cersei already had Sansa to barter with. Not to mention the Lannister forces are far greater than the watch, an army would march on King's Landing and liberate them quickly enough at which time Littlefinger would still betray Ned because Littlefinger doesn't like being on the losing side. It was a good plan that anticipated Littlefinger going where the power is. I agree Cersei's luck for plans runs out about SOS, but I still think she's a competent player before she goes batshit with grief and paranoia. After that she's a timebomb. Her moves only work in the short term. Her paranoia and gender frustration make her short sighted. Joffrey is only in a position to kill Ned because in her desire for power she put a child on the throne that it should have been clear she wouldn't be able to control. That conversation about the standing army? Whaaa? The wildfire is a battle tactic, not a political move. Even then, wildfire is extremely dangerous and she knows that. The decision to put people at risk the way she did could be argued to be quite reckless. Tyrion says there was enough wildfire there to level the city (foreshadowing at her descent into the same madness that King Aerys had? Perhaps)Yes, spare him and send him to the wall. Where the other northerners who know him would be appalled at the accusation that Eddard Stark would betray Robert, could easily visit him to find out the truth anyway, and still lead a rebellion. Now, honestly there was just no good way to handle that situation. The fact is the consequences caught up to the brotherfucker and the best thing to do would have been to run, as Ned offered her the chance to do. But because she wanted to be all-powerful queen, she was like "lol no" and chose the course of action that had no way of ending well.Besides, as it was stated, most of the proof she is incompetent is after Tyrion is gone. Once she truly is left to make her own decisions, things go horribly. Oh hey bank who's notorious for getting their money however they need to, that money we owe? Lol nah, wait til this war is over. Oh hey religious zealots, you can form your military again. It's all good!Oh hey people who try to give me sensible advice. I'm just going to assume you're plotting against me and have you thrown out and replaced.Oh hey Littlefinger, let's pretend this girl is Arya Stark, even though I have absolutely no proof that Arya Stark is dead other than my own assumptions. Nevermind that if Arya isn't dead, she looks enough like her parents to discredit the impostor.Are we reading the same book? Ned couldn't start a rebellion from the wall because they have his daughter, that's the only reason he confessed in the first place. It wasn't half baked, he was a confessed traitor. And Ned's suggestion would have meant to her own death or exile, and those of her children.And I think you're completely missing the point about how decisions after Tyrion leaves, she's a completely different person after Joffrey and Tywin die. She loses most of her faculties and becomes cripplingly paranoid, which makes her even easier to be manipulated and from that make terrible decisions. That's not the same Cersei from books 1-3, once her father and son die she's broken with nothing but fleeting power as the Tyrells control the king and the capital, her family all turn on her the few that are alive. She's unstable for a reason and it's not incompetence.
3663	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	She's unstable for a reason and it's not incompetence.The reason Tywin would do something so absolutely out of character like appointing Tyrion as acting Hand of the King is entirely due to Cersei and the Small Council's incompetence.Of course the small council is comprised of two people who actually want the Lannisters to become unstable and 2 people who do whatever Cersei demands.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 April 2013 - 07:38 PM.
3664	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	The reason Tywin would do something so absolutely out of character like appointing Tyrion as acting Hand of the King is entirely due to Cersei and the Small Council's incompetence.Of course the small council is comprised of two people who actually want the Lannisters to become unstable and 2 people who do whatever Cersei demands.But that due to their incompetence at controlling Joffrey, not incompetence at anything else. It's not a reaction to Cersei's plots or anything, it's just about Joffrey.
3665	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	But that due to their incompetence at controlling Joffrey, not incompetence at anything else.It's not a reaction to Cersei's plots or anything, it's just about Joffrey.She also kicks out Barristan from the KG, appoints fucking Janos Slynt as head of Gold Cloaks, and does a ton of other things that Tyrion has to undo. In fact half of Tyrion's actions in KL done under the premise of "Gods, Cersei is out of her mind." She also tries to hire a Knight to kill her brother, completely dismisses the smallfolk who are rioting due to starvation and neglect, and allows a rumor of her infedlity to her husband and incest with Jaime to become widespread rumor that brought shame upon her House and name, and thus her boy King.King's Landing is an absolute mess because of her. And her plot to place her maniacal idiot son on the throne without any ability to control or manipulate his extremely brutal nature, which is likely a result of her and Robert's abysmal parenting, gets them into even more trouble. Basically, she's incompetent. Tywin saw it, Tyrion saw it, Varys saw it...Apparently only you didn't.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 April 2013 - 07:50 PM.
3666	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	She also kicks out Barristan from the KG, appoints fucking Janos Slynt as head of Gold Cloaks, and does a ton of other things that Tyrion has to undo. In fact half of Tyrion's actions in KL done under the premise of "Gods, Cersei is out of her mind." She also tries to hire a Knight to kill her brother, completely dismisses the smallfolk who are rioting due to starvation and neglect, and allows a rumor of her infedlity to her husband and incest with Jaime to become widespread rumor that brought shame upon her House and name, and thus her boy King.King's Landing is an absolute mess because of her. And her plot to place her maniacal idiot son on the throne without any ability to control or manipulate his extremely brutal nature, which is likely a result of her and Robert's abysmal parenting, gets them into even more trouble. Basically, she's incompetent. Tywin saw it, Tyrion saw it, Varys saw it...Apparently only you didn't.Janos Slynt wasn't a problem for Cersei, he was in Cersei's control via Littlefinger anyway, Tyrion removed him because Tyrion wanted to remove Cersei's power, he didn't undo it because it was a stupid decision.There was nothing wrong with her trying to kill Tyrion, he sent her daughter away, threatened her son's life over a whore and was removing the powerbase she had set up. She can't control what the small folk say anymore than she can control Stannis for sending ravens to everyone who will listen. You are calling her incompetent for a lot things that are outside of her control, Tyrion asserting himself at the expense of Cersei doesn't make her actions wrong or bad. The only point in your post that is actually something Cersei is at fault for is Joffrey.
3667	Reposado	2013-04-29	RIP Willas and Garlan. Apparently, they are never going to be important in the books. I don't mind the change much, though.Nit necessarily.  Whatever they have to do later will just be done by someone else. Could always bring in a tyrell cousin in season 6
3668	jons nissa	2013-04-29	The same could be said for other players, the luckiest people when it comes to plots in westeros are Tyrion and Littlefinger. Things just fall into their laps.Varys, Cersei, Marg etc all play the same but they don't benefit from the same amount of luck as the others.But the throne room scene was already set, whether or not the city watch followed Ned the Lannisters were already butchering house Stark, if they took the Lannisters hostage then Cersei already had Sansa to barter with. Not to mention the Lannister forces are far greater than the watch, an army would march on King's Landing and liberate them quickly enough at which time Littlefinger would still betray Ned because Littlefinger doesn't like being on the losing side. It was a good plan that anticipated Littlefinger going where the power is.I agree Cersei's luck for plans runs out about SOS, but I still think she's a competent player before she goes batshit with grief and paranoia. After that she's a timebomb.you've read things rather interestingly. however, in the book it states clearly that is it the city guard that changes the tide of the battle in the throne room and that came as a result of littlefinger. also, varys and littlefinger create plans that are contingent on people making certain decisions/moves. this isn't luck. they show repeated skill at predicting what choice someone will make if provided the proper motive/incentive/threat/etc. that is hardly luck. however cersei's plans, especially the plan to kill robert, are completely based on luck.And I think you're completely missing the point about how decisions after Tyrion leaves, she's a completely different person after Joffrey and Tywin die. She loses most of her faculties and becomes cripplingly paranoid, which makes her even easier to be manipulated and from that make terrible decisions. That's not the same Cersei from books 1-3, once her father and son die she's broken with nothing but fleeting power as the Tyrells control the king and the capital, her family all turn on her the few that are alive. She's unstable for a reason and it's not incompetence.her decisions before joffrey and her father are killed are half baked as well. that's why so many things go wrong. when stannis is approaching the city, she does the bare minimum to protect the city. she alienates the common folk. she refuses to work with the hand because it's tyrion. she ignores the advice to keep joffrey outside during the battle as a figure head and the men begin to lose moral. she treats sansa abominably which directly leads to her son being murdered rather than have him treat a new girl the same way. she councils her son to do things that are completely unbecoming of a king and down right immoral knowing how things worked out for the mad king. goodness, just her decision to take her vengeance out on robert by not having any of his children creates a dangerous situation for her own. and then her son and father die and she really starts making bad decisions. i'm not sure how you see cersei as competent but every review of her has been the same: she cannot do what she thinks she can.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 29 April 2013 - 08:42 PM.
3669	Frumpus	2013-04-29	You're right about the KG being insignificant in the show, but they way they totally changed the character of Loras is confusing to me.  He was never the 16 year old boy with stars in his eyes.  Well obviously everyone is a few years older in the show, but that isn't enough to make into some kind of cynical pawn of his family.  His being in mourning for Renly explained his willingness to sacrifice everything else and join the KG.  What is really baffling to me:  why is it that when there is a gay character in these HBO series, they are really just a parasite who either cares for no one at all or simply wants to manipulate events to their advantage?  Are they trying to keep the ratio of gay sex scenes higher at the expense of character development?I fully agree with you. Loras's character was somewhat ruined for the sake of plotting, but he's not the only character who's been changed significantly. At least the changes, as negative as they are, have made him a lot more prominent on the show than he was in the books.
3670	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	you've read things rather interestingly. however, in the book it states clearly that is it the city guard that changes the tide of the battle in the throne room and that came as a result of littlefinger. also, varys and littlefinger create plans that are contingent on people making certain decisions/moves. this isn't luck. they show repeated skill at predicting what choice someone will make if provided the proper motive/incentive/threat/etc. that is hardly luck. however cersei's plans, especially the plan to kill robert, are completely based on luck.While I agree to some extent I think a lot of her plans weren't so much luck as just repeated until they worked. Killing Robert for example, Cersei had been trying to kill him for a while and had Ned not stopped Robert from fighting in the melee then he'd be dead sooner. her decisions before joffrey and her father are killed are half baked as well. that's why so many things go wrong. when stannis is approaching the city, she does the bare minimum to protect the city. she alienates the common folk. she refuses to work with the hand because it's tyrion. she ignores the advice to keep joffrey outside during the battle and the men begin to loose moral. she treats sansa abominably which directly leads to her son being murdered rather than have him treat a new girl the same way. she councils her son to do things that are completely unbecoming of a king and down right immoral knowing how things worked out for the mad king. goodness, just her decision to take her vengeance out on robert by not having any of his children creates a dangerous situation for her own. and then her son and father die and she really starts making bad decisions. i'm not sure how you see cersei as competent but every review of her has been the same: she cannot do what she thinks she can.But the city doesn't matter to her, her priorities are herself and her children. As for the city, she had prepared plans to defend it just because Tyrion takes over and makes them more elaborate doesn't mean her original plan was minimal. Her treatment of Sansa unless I understand it incorrectly, is to try and shock Sansa into being more cynical, that's what I got when I read the ball room scene during the blackwater. She's a ) drunk b ) worried about her children, so she's a lot more twisted in how she goes about it but it feels like she wants Sansa to wake up, which isn't a view she's alone in.But yes, when SOS ends, she's completely off the wagon. I agree she over thinks her abilities but I don't think that diminishes them entirely, she isn't the only one to get bested Tyrion's plots get turned on him as well. I think opinions on Cersei's competence might be different were she a POV before she was a paranoia grieving drunk shadow of her former self.
					
					
							Edited by Golden Lion, 29 April 2013 - 08:40 PM.
3671	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Janos Slynt wasn't a problem for Cersei, he was in Cersei's control via Littlefinger anyway, Tyrion removed him because Tyrion wanted to remove Cersei's power, he didn't undo it because it was a stupid decision.There was nothing wrong with her trying to kill Tyrion, he sent her daughter away, threatened her son's life over a whore and was removing the powerbase she had set up.She can't control what the small folk say anymore than she can control Stannis for sending ravens to everyone who will listen.You are calling her incompetent for a lot things that are outside of her control, Tyrion asserting himself at the expense of Cersei doesn't make her actions wrong or bad.The only point in your post that is actually something Cersei is at fault for is Joffrey.Janos Slynt was a terrible commander. He is a problem. Tywin and Tyrion both agree.There's nothing wrong with trying to kill your brother because he is taking your power away? Is that serious? Are you aware of what they say of Kinslaying in Westeros?She can control what the smallfolk say by being, you know, a good monarch. Why do they love Margaery so much? Did you just say a Queen can't control the common people?Almost nothing is out of her control. She is the Queen Regent..Her inability to control Joffrey is a major factor in KL being a complete mess.Part of being a Queen is accepting responsibility on an ultimate scale. You are shirking Cersei of all of her responsibility to the realm and her house for no reason other than you're sympathetic towards her and therefore cannot objectively see that she is entirely unfit to rule.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 April 2013 - 08:44 PM.
3672	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	While I agree to some extent I think a lot of her plans weren't so much luck as just repeated until they worked. Killing Robert for example, Cersei had been trying to kill him for a while and had Ned not stopped Robert from fighting in the melee then he'd be dead sooner.But the city doesn't matter to her, her priorities are herself and her children. As for the city, she had prepared plans to defend it just because Tyrion takes over and makes them more elaborate doesn't mean her original plan was minimal.Her treatment of Sansa unless I understand it incorrectly, is to try and shock Sansa into being more cynical, that's what I got when I read the ball room scene during the blackwater. She's a ) drunk b ) worried about her children, so she's a lot more twisted in how she goes about it but it feels like she wants Sansa to wake up, which isn't a view she's alone in.But yes, when SOS ends, she's completely off the wagon. I agree she over thinks her abilities but I don't think that diminishes them entirely, she isn't the only one to get bested Tyrion's plots get turned on him as well. I think opinions on Cersei's competence might be different were she a POV before she was a paranoia grieving drunk shadow of her former self.Or maybe you're assume she's a grieving drunk shadow of her former self because she wasn't a POV. For all we know, her grief/drinking/whatever only resulted in a slight increase in thoughts she already had. So I'll stick to her actions, not assuming an altered state of mind. Besides, she even makes it clear that Maggy's prophecy has guided a lot of her ridiculous paranoia long before Tyrion was gone. She pushed her friend into a well to die and twisted Tyrion's penis while he was in a crib until he cried. Clearly had some pre-existing mental stuff going on."But the city doesn't matter to her, her priorities are herself and her children." Well...seeing as they live in the city, it'd make sense to care about it. Through protecting the city she helps protect herself and her children. Once again, incompetence on account of short-sightedness.
3673	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	But the city doesn't matter to her, her priorities are herself and her children. You just perfectly explained why Cersei is a terribly incompetent ruler better than I could have arguing with you.
3674	jons nissa	2013-04-29	While I agree to some extent I think a lot of her plans weren't so much luck as just repeated until they worked. Killing Robert for example, Cersei had been trying to kill him for a while and had Ned not stopped Robert from fighting in the melee then he'd be dead sooner.giving a drunk alcohol and then goading them to do foolish things hardly shows great strategic thinking. and doing the same thing over and over is also not very strategic but show limited thinking. she repeatedly turns to sex to get what she wants - convincing jaime to join the kingsguard, getting the kettlebacks to do her bidding - this is the extent of her strategy.But the city doesn't matter to her, her priorities are herself and her children. As for the city, she had prepared plans to defend it just because Tyrion takes over and makes them more elaborate doesn't mean her original plan was minimal. Her treatment of Sansa unless I understand it incorrectly, is to try and shock Sansa into being more cynical, that's what I got when I read the ball room scene during the blackwater. She's a ) drunk b ) worried about her children, so she's a lot more twisted in how she goes about it but it feels like she wants Sansa to wake up, which isn't a view she's alone in.for a queen and then a queen regent to say the city is not important but she and her children are is ludicrous. joffrey could never hope to have the respect of a king after that move.and finally, yes, it would seem you understand her treatment of sansa incorrectly. anyway, suffice to say, you find cersei's management of affairs satisfactory and i do not. and that's ok.
3675	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	giving a drunk alcohol and then goading them to do foolish things hardly shows great strategic thinking. and doing the same thing over and over is also not very strategic but show limited thinking. she repeatedly turns to sex to get what she wants - convincing jaime to join the kingsguard, getting the kettlebacks to do her bidding - this is the extent of her strategy.She's a woman in a medieval society, it's one of the few tools she has at her disposal. That doesn't make her incompetent. It does seem like she's getting compared to male counterparts a lot which is unfair because the men can make their plots and backroom deals with each other but women get excluded from that on the basis they are women, so the women tend to use the few resources they have. I'm not going to judge a medieval woman harshly for being resourceful in a field where they are at a major disadvantage already.You just perfectly explained why Cersei is a terribly incompetent ruler better than I could have arguing with you.I never said she wasn't. I've been discussing her as a game player, not a ruler. And for the record, the series has no examples of what a good ruler is. Every ruler had major faults from burning people alive, to bankrupting the realm to failing to quash rebellion. It's easy to compare a ruler to your own idealist expectations of a perfect ruler which the series has gone to such great lengths to show doesn't exist."But the city doesn't matter to her, her priorities are herself and her children." Well...seeing as they live in the city, it'd make sense to care about it. Through protecting the city she helps protect herself and her children. Once again, incompetence on account of short-sightedness.Not really because she isn't in the city, she's in the red keep which has better security than the city itself. And I already clarified she wasn't just sitting by waiting for the city to get sacked, she was making her own preparations before Tyrion commandeered everyone she already had preparing things for the defence.There's nothing wrong with trying to kill your brother because he is taking your power away? Is that serious? Are you aware of what they say of Kinslaying in Westeros?I'm saying I understand her motivations and kinslaying is such a relative thing in the series anyway. Hiring someone to kill your kin is slaying, but standing idle and allowing your kin to die isn't. I'm not basing my thoughts on something as unreliable as perception. She can control what the smallfolk say by being, you know, a good monarch. Why do they love Margaery so much? Did you just say a Queen can't control the common people?Almost nothing is out of her control. She is the Queen Regent.She cannot control rumours spread by Stannis, being Queen Regent doesn't make her able to alter people's thoughts. She could manipulate the people to like her like Marg did but that isn't something Cersei cares for. Her inability to control Joffrey is a major factor in KL being a complete mess.The war, starvation etc were major factors in KL being a mess, Joffrey being on the throne in that time period was one of the least contributing factors.Part of being a Queen is accepting responsibility on an ultimate scale. You are shirking Cersei of all of her responsibility to the realm and her house for no reason other than you're sympathetic towards her and therefore cannot objectively see that she is entirely unfit to rule.I'm not denying she's a bad ruler, I was speaking originally about her competence playing the game. I got roped into the 'Cersei did THIS and THIS' type debate, I didn't make it.aaaah long post.
3676	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	The Red Keep is in the city. It is a fortified location, but it's withinin the city walls. It's not even on the far side of the city away from the bay. Maybe it is more secure than the city as a whole, but caring about the city adds that much more protection. By only caring about her own protection, she does the bare minimum to ensure her safety and her children's safety. Whereas if she bothered to care about the rest of the city too, that could benefit her.
Being a good/talented ruler is PART OF playing the game though, as it determines if you'll be able to hold on to your power or gain support of the people who will die for you. So I don't really understand how that's not part of the debate... And the existence of her plans before Tyrion came doesn't change the fact that she was opposing him just because he's Tyrion. It doesn't change the fact that she cares more about exercising her own autonomy than making the best decision.
You just admitted yourself that she could get people to like her in order to control them but doesn't want to. That's a poor, incompetent decision in the game. The players with the most successful moves are the ones who have been liked by others, or at least had likable personalities.
You just admitted she's a bad ruler. Being a good ruler is part of playing the game.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 29 April 2013 - 09:58 PM.
3677	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	The Red Keep is in the city. It is a fortified location, but it's withinin the city walls. It's not even on the far side of the city away from the bay. Maybe it is more secure than the city as a whole, but caring about the city adds that much more protection. By only caring about her own protection, she does the bare minimum to ensure her safety and her children's safety. Whereas if she bothered to care about the rest of the city too, that could benefit her.Being a good/talented ruler is PART OF playing the game though, as it determines if you'll be able to hold on to your power or gain support of the people who will die for you. So I don't really understand how that's not part of the debate... And the existence of her plans before Tyrion came doesn't change the fact that she was opposing him just because he's Tyrion. It doesn't change the fact that she cares more about exercising her own autonomy than making the best decision.You just said she doesn't care as if she made no effort to defend the city and then you mention Tyrion acquiring her preparations. So ... And Tyrion cuts Cersei out just as much, so I'm not really buying into that double standard. Cersei cuts him out because she thinks he means to do her and her children harm, a motivation which is completely validated by the way, and Tyrion cuts her out because he doesn't like her and considers her a loose cannon due to her dislike of him.Both sides are valid, neither is more right than the other.You just admitted yourself that she could get people to like her in order to control them but doesn't want to. That's a poor, incompetent decision in the game. The players with the most successful moves are the ones who have been liked by others, or at least had likable personalities.You just admitted she's a bad ruler. Being a good ruler is part of playing the game.Littlefinger and Varys aren't liked by nobles or even acknowledged by the common people and they're considered the top players of the game and they don't rule anything. So I don't accept your requirements for ruling being part of the game.
3678	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	I wholeheartedly agree with people on this tread (and Tywin0 who think Cercei considers herself to be smarter than she really is.
First of all I don't buy for a second that she's so worried about her children.She might have some love for them but I believe it's only as parts of herself. She's more concerned of the power she thinks her children are giving her and she might loose as a queen regent if she looses them. If for on moment she cared for her children she would have fled the city long time ago. If she was a such caring mother as you say wouldn't her firs concern be to get her children away from war? She was thinking of her power at the moment that's why imho. She was upset Tyrion sent Myrcela away not because what he did but because it was behind her back. So there's a city that's about to get under the siege and you're daughter is being set away from that and that's a bat thing? Yes if you are mad someone stepped into realm of your power.
Second using a sex like a weapon is legit and cool and I agree women don't have much to work with in Westeros.But Cercei makes a point to tell us how she is smarter than most women and all men and yet that's the best she could have come up with? What? no better plan with all that intelligence of hers she's been shoving in our face? What sealed it for me was the fact that she hated it every time and with every man except Jaime. She herself called it rape.So you claim to be smart and your best weapon is to let yourself be raped by men you consider less smart than you? Pure genius.
3679	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	What sealed it for me was the fact that she hated it every time and with every man except Jaime. She herself called it rape.So you claim to be smart and your best weapon is to let yourself be raped by men you consider less smart than you? Pure genius.What?
3680	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	What?In her POV we see it was painful for her with Robert she even told him that,she thinks at one point how it was bad with everybody except with Jaime.
					
					
							Edited by Kobayashi Maru, 30 April 2013 - 08:36 AM.
3681	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	In her POV we see it was painful for her with Robert she even told him that,she thinks at one point how it was bad with everybody except with Jaime.Yes. But you were practically mocking Cersei for being raped.
3682	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	Yes. But you were practically mocking Cersei for being raped.Please point out at what point in my post I did that. I was mocking her claim to be more intelligent than other people,if you didn't pick that up please read my post again more carefuly before accusing me of something that vile.
3683	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	Please point out at what point in my post I did that. I was mocking her claim to be more intelligent than other people,if you didn't pick that up please read my post again more carefuly before accusing me of something that vile.My apologies. It read that way to me.
3684	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	My apologies. It read that way to me.Ok,I hope I explained myself. It wasn't the way you read it.
3685	boojam	2013-04-30	Oh that's right. Loras is KG by then.Then by the end of SoS it's all moot, which we will get in Season 4.
3686	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	She's a woman in a medieval society, it's one of the few tools she has at her disposal. That doesn't make her incompetent. It does seem like she's getting compared to male counterparts a lot which is unfair because the men can make their plots and backroom deals with each other but women get excluded from that on the basis they are women, so the women tend to use the few resources they have. I'm not going to judge a medieval woman harshly for being resourceful in a field where they are at a major disadvantage already.There are definitely different options open to her in order to influence or exert her authority. However, she usually chooses to convince the men around to do her bidding through sexual reward rather than the soundness of her plan or even monetary reward, which she also has access to. So no, it is not her only resource. She is a Lannister, as she is often known to say. She had other resources to draw on but that wasn't really her style.I never said she wasn't. I've been discussing her as a game player, not a ruler. And for the record, the series has no examples of what a good ruler is. Every ruler had major faults from burning people alive, to bankrupting the realm to failing to quash rebellion. It's easy to compare a ruler to your own idealist expectations of a perfect ruler which the series has gone to such great lengths to show doesn't exist. Not really because she isn't in the city, she's in the red keep which has better security than the city itself. And I already clarified she wasn't just sitting by waiting for the city to get sacked, she was making her own preparations before Tyrion commandeered everyone she already had preparing things for the defence.No one said Cersei was the ONLY bad player in the game. As for her defenses of the city, they were very weak and the only thing that Tyrion commandeered from her preparations was the wildfire. That was Cersei's idea but again, she had no plan of what to do with it. Tyrion did. Otherwise, all the rest was Tyrion's brainchild.Cersei cuts him out because she thinks he means to do her and her children harm, a motivation which is completely validated by the way, and Tyrion cuts her out because he doesn't like her and considers her a loose cannon due to her dislike of him.Again, no. Cersei cuts him because she thinks she doesn't need him and that she can handle things herself. She even says this: "We [Joff and her] have everything under control." Tyrion includes her in something but not in everything not due to his feelings about her due to her dislike but due to her already proven incompetence and her choice to thwart him rather than work with him. Where ever possible, Cersei chooses to ignore Tyrion's council, negating the role he was sent by their father to fill. The whole reason Tyrion is made hand is because Tywin also thinks she is creating a mess of things.
3687	Kittykatknits	2013-04-30	There was nothing wrong with her trying to kill Tyrion, he sent her daughter away, threatened her son's life over a whore and was removing the powerbase she had set up.Actually, it's likely that Cersei didn't try to have Tyrion killed, it's much more likely to be LF. We never see anything in her thoughts that she sent Mandon Moore after him. Not only that, but Moore is also from the Vale - the same as LF. Tyrion, early on in Clash, has his little scheme, and tempts LF with Harrenhal if he can broker a marriage. When LF learns the truth of what Tyrion is doing, he gets incredibly angry over it to the point it's clear that Tyrion has just made himself a personal enemy. Don't forget, LF is the one that suggested Bran's assassination attempt was done with Tyrion's dagger, a fact which Tyrion would know about. Later, LF also tells us the dwarves at Joffrey's wedding were his idea, deliberately done to further animosity between Joff and Tyrion. Cersei was angry with Tyrion but didn't act upon those feelings until after the PW. Her treatment of Sansa unless I understand it incorrectly, is to try and shock Sansa into being more cynical, that's what I got when I read the ball room scene during the blackwater. She's a ) drunk b ) worried about her children, so she's a lot more twisted in how she goes about it but it feels like she wants Sansa to wake up, which isn't a view she's alone in.There are a few things going on when it comes to Sansa and Cersei. First, Sansa's thoughts tell us that she is frightened of Cersei yet did feel safer when she was around as Joff never had her beaten at those times. But the real indicator of how Cersei let Sansa is shown through the conversation she has at one point with Tyrion. He alludes to Sansa being beaten by the KG and it becomes clear that she knew it was going on the entire time, explaining that Joffrey was shamed that Sansa had seen him during the Trident incident. In other words, Cersei knew but wasn't doing anything about it. Combine this with the conversations that Cersei has with Sansa and it's even worse as Cersei makes it clear that Joffrey will treat Sansa horribly. Yet, Cersei's attitude seems to be one of "I survived, so will you". It's another example of Cersei's misogynistic behavior towards other women.Also, I saw some posts that asset Tyrion attempted to work with Cersei or include her in plans, but the text doesn't really support this. Upon his return to KL, Tyrion and Cersei speak privately and she wants him to be HER Hand to which Tyrion agrees (yet his inner thoughts tell us that he is flat-out lying to her at this stage). His first big act as Hand is to find out who works for Cersei and remove that person from power. In this case, it turns out to be Pycelle who is actually a Lannister supporter but he's sent away to the dungeons. One of his next big acts is to blackmail Lancel in to reporting on Cersei's movements. He's not trying to work with her at all, Tyrion is trying to undermine her power at every opportunity.
3688	Hoo	2013-04-30	Either Tywin does not know that Loras has no interest in fathering children, or their society is very socially advanced.
3689	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-30	Also, I saw some posts that asset Tyrion attempted to work with Cersei or include her in plans, but the text doesn't really support this. Upon his return to KL, Tyrion and Cersei speak privately and she wants him to be HER Hand to which Tyrion agrees (yet his inner thoughts tell us that he is flat-out lying to her at this stage). His first big act as Hand is to find out who works for Cersei and remove that person from power. In this case, it turns out to be Pycelle who is actually a Lannister supporter but he's sent away to the dungeons. One of his next big acts is to blackmail Lancel in to reporting on Cersei's movements. He's not trying to work with her at all, Tyrion is trying to undermine her power at every opportunity.Yes, Tyrion does agree to what Cersei asks but what else should he have done? Tell her upfront that he would thwart her deicsions? He was sent to clean up her mess and his first acts undo a lot of what she started and that definitely means breaking up the group she has installed to agree to all her decisions, a strategy that she re-installs the first chance she gets. Tyrion choosing to be hand to Cersei wouldn't have made any sense and would have brought the wrath of Tywin down on both of them rather than just Cersei. I will admit, that imprisoning Pycelle is questionable since he is loyal to the Lannisters but Pycelle chooses to support Cersei and not Tyrion so his decision makes sense but he does incur his father's anger for that. He does tell her of some of his plans but not all of them and does not check with her at all. Again, that would be folly.
3690	Lady Phedre	2013-04-30	Very good episode. Jaime/Brienne were fantastic.Now, I'm not a book purist by any means, but did anyone else think the "pickled-babies-in-mad-scientist-jars" thing with Selyse and Stannis was kind of...bizarre? I mean, the idea itself isn't that bad, but the actual props looked like something out of an 80's sci-fi movie. It was just very out of place.Otherwise though it was a great episode.Yeah the jars freaked me out - reminded me of the mechanical spiders in Return of the Jedi that wander around Jabba's Palace attached to brains in glass jars. And your avatar freaks me out terribly too. That trailer gave me nightmares!!!
3691	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	nvm
3692	trearu	2013-04-30	"Father don't make me do it again!" says it all. That is, why Loras is so perfect.
3693	Kittykatknits	2013-04-30	Yes, Tyrion does agree to what Cersei asks but what else should he have done? Tell her upfront that he would thwart her deicsions? He was sent to clean up her mess and his first acts undo a lot of what she started and that definitely means breaking up the group she has installed to agree to all her decisions, a strategy that she re-installs the first chance she gets. Tyrion choosing to be hand to Cersei wouldn't have made any sense and would have brought the wrath of Tywin down on both of them rather than just Cersei. I will admit, that imprisoning Pycelle is questionable since he is loyal to the Lannisters but Pycelle chooses to support Cersei and not Tyrion so his decision makes sense but he does incur his father's anger for that. He does tell her of some of his plans but not all of them and does not check with her at all. Again, that would be folly.And I never argued otherwise. My point is that Tyrion had no intention of working with her from the beginning, his own thoughts in his first Clash chapter show us that. Second using a sex like a weapon is legit and cool and I agree women don't have much to work with in Westeros.But Cercei makes a point to tell us how she is smarter than most women and all men and yet that's the best she could have come up with? What? no better plan with all that intelligence of hers she's been shoving in our face? What sealed it for me was the fact that she hated it every time and with every man except Jaime. She herself called it rape.So you claim to be smart and your best weapon is to let yourself be raped by men you consider less smart than you? Pure genius.First, people, men or women, don't let themselves get raped. Also, Cersei never ever uses the word rape when talking about herself, not once in the entire series actually. She reflects back on her experiences with Robert and her memories reveal acts that are quite obviously rape but that's it. Her encounters with Jaime and the KBs were obviously consensual. As to Lancel, she was not pressured or raped then either. If anything, it's the opposite as it is later apparent that between Tyrion and Cersei, it's obvious they did a number on him.
3694	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Tywin said he wanted to marry Cersei to Loras because he was going to inherit Highgarden.I'm not sure about this, but I guess it means Willas/Garlan will not have any big participation whatsoever in tWoW or aDoS. Otherwise they wouldn't simply rule them out in the series.That is a bad assumption, the show has killed characters off that are still alive in Dance with Dragons and will be in Winds of Winter. There's no reason not to assume that Loras or someone else couldn't fill their role if necessary, but I suppose you can assume that a character that has only been mentioned in name will not have a significant role in the final two books and that one knight is as good as two, if he's the knight of flowers.  However I believe that Cersey will be the one making Loras becoming a member of the KG so she can avoid the wedding.they dont need to break anything, they'll simply have Lady Olenna reject the offer by saying that Cersei is "too used"....like in the books. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I don't think that is her reason though, Olenna agrees to the Sansa Stark idea because she knows what a tame little girl Sansa is, Cersei is anything but a tame little girl.The Tyrell's already have the Joffrey/Margaery marriage, why would they need a second marriage to another Lannister? One that already has three "true born" children that will inherit lands from Castley Rock should her brothers be disinherited.It's funny that the Tyrell's in the show weren't even that interested in Sansa until Varys and Littlefinger's plotting against eachother brought them into their game. Now that the Lannister's will thwart their move they will probably disagree with the Loras move just because marrying him to a different girl from another major house would probably be better for them.Look at all the alliances the Lannister's have right now.Sansa -Tyrion = North / RiverlandsMargaery-Joffrey= Reach, Stormlands, KingslandingJaime-Cersei= Castley RockMyrcella-Trystane = DorneA couple things that factor into the argument of the two new proposed marriages for House Lannister...1. Tywin wants these marriages to strengthen House Lannister.2. Tyrion and Cersei don't want them for their own personal reasons.3. Margaery wants to increase the strength of her house more than her or her brother's personal happiness.4. Loras doesn't exactly want to marry for his own personal reasons as well but he'll do it for his house.5. Sansa is clueless that the Tyrell's want to marry her for her claim.6. Olenna seems to want to make her family "grow strong" and keep them from being idiots. She's succeeded and failed in some cases.I don't see Olenna wanting this marriage for Loras, but what other powerful family has an unwed daughter that he could marry instead? Dorne does, but that is not going to happen, so idk guess we'll have to see what the QoTs says because I have no idea.
3695	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	First, people, men or women, don't let themselves get raped. Also, Cersei never ever uses the word rape when talking about herself, not once in the entire series actually. She reflects back on her experiences with Robert and her memories reveal acts that are quite obviously rape but that's it. Her encounters with Jaime and the KBs were obviously consensual. As to Lancel, she was not pressured or raped then either. If anything, it's the opposite as it is later apparent that between Tyrion and Cersei, it's obvious they did a number on him.Call it whatever you want.I read it that way. She said she didn't like it and she said it was bad for her and she with all her intelligence she claims she has couldn't come up with a better plan than to get herself in a position she would let men do what she says she doesn't like.Even if she did love it and that's the best she could do at the moment she sucked at it (the scene with KB when he tells her what and when he'll get from her and also to leave her crown on was for me worst than walk of shame,I hate human degradation especially the one people inflict upon themselves voluntarily) And even if she never did call it that the best I could call it is whoring herself for favors. I guess if someone claims to be smart i expect more than that to actually believe it.
					
					
							Edited by Kobayashi Maru, 01 May 2013 - 06:55 AM.
3696	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Also, Cersei never ever uses the word rape when talking about herself, not once in the entire series actually.Very few characters use or consider the word rape when it comes to their sexual relations (even if posters swear that it is and their consent doesn't matter or what the character thinks and posters understand what it's supposed to be) so I'm not sure what point you're trying to make.
3697	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Cersei could put it in Joffrey's ear to appoint Loras to the KG. She doesn't have much influence over him at the moment, but she could simply tell him the Tyrells are plotting to take Sansa away, and with her the North by having her marry Loras.Something like this.  I'd predicted earlier that Tywin does it, to mess with the Tyrell plans, as Aerys did to him.  Instead, Cersei is going to do to him the same thing Aerys did.  Glorious. And they are setting up a little more resentment towards Tywin by Cersei than I felt in the books.  Or maybe a better way to say it is perhaps drive to ACT on the resentment.
3698	Kittykatknits	2013-05-01	Call it whatever you want.I read it that way. She said she didn't like it and she said it was bad for her and she with all her intelligence she claims she has couldn't come up with a better plan than to get herself in a position she would let men do what she says she doesn't like.Even if she did love it and that's the best she could do at the moment she sucked at it (the scene with KB when he tells her what and when he'll get from her and also to leave her crown on was for me worst than walk of shame,I hate human degradation especially the one people inflict upon themselves voluntarily) And even if she never did call it that the best I could call it is whoring herself for favors. I guess if someone claims to be smart i expect more than that to actually believe it.Cersei was raped by Robert, there is no doubt about that. I think what happened between her and the KBs is a very different thing though. First, Martin uses sex as a method to further character development and what Cersei's scenes between her and the KBs reveal is how the tables get turned on her and reflect her  ability to rule within Feast. First, we know that Cersei advocates the weapon between her legs to Sansa all the way back in Clash and it's a weapon we later see her use, with varying degrees of success, on Jaime and Lancel. Cersei believes that it is one of the few tools she has available as a women.So, fast forward to Feast and you have her again attempting to use sex as a method to control and push her agenda, to kill Jon Snow and frame Marg. Yet, as you correctly point out, it backfires on her. The scenes are ugly, she's not satisfied, and even tells herself that she's doing it for Tommen. But, it is also clear that she is still granting consent. So what does that tell us? Through sex, it shows the failing of her style of ruling. Remember, Sansa instintively rejected this all the way back in Clash. It's an attempt to manipulate and control through a weapon that can get away from you. Also. look what Cersei is doing in Clash - she's seeing what she wants to see, making bad decisions, alienating the Tyrells (even though the Lannisters need them as allies), and so on. She's failing at what she tells herself she was born to do - she is Tywin come again, right? And in these sex scenes, we get a reflection of the exact same thing. She's failing at the use of her great weapon, just as she's failing at ruling. The mere use of sex or a belief in who you are isn't enough to be successful. In the end, Cersei loses the regency and is the one getting used during sex. It's pretty ugly. And you should see my posts on the WoS here on this board. I've got VERY strong opinions on it, none of them good. One of my biggest hopes in the series is that Cersei somehow takes down the HS. I hate that chapter with a passion. It's disgusting and vile, I was horrified the entire time I read it.Very few characters use or consider the word rape when it comes to their sexual relations (even if posters swear that it is and their consent doesn't matter or what the character thinks and posters understand what it's supposed to be) so I'm not sure what point you're trying to make.I guess you didn't look at the post I was responding too? I was objecting to the idea that people "let" themselves get raped and the  assertion that Cersei calls what happened to her with other men rape. Neither statement is true. And if you look at the rest of my post, you see that I point out that what she describes with Robert is very much rape - even if she never uses the word. I have a strong suspicion you haven't seen many of my posts on this very topic before.
3699	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	Either Tywin does not know that Loras has no interest in fathering children, or their society is very socially advanced.Since Loras is the heir to Highgarden on the show, he does have an interest in fathering children. He might not enjoy it much, and I'm pretty sure he won't want to have kids with Cersei - but as heir, it's his duty to continue the line.On the Loras-Cersei engagement, and how they'll get out of it: if the idea comes from Margaery and/or Olenna, there has to be another potential heir somewhere back home. A younger brother, uncle, cousin, something. So if there's going to be a role for Garlan or Willas to play down the line, that person can do it. Or Olenna through Mace.If someone is going to convince Joffrey to bring Loras into the Kingsguard, the smart thing to do would be not to explain why. Give an excuse like how much Margaery would like having her brother around, or making the Tyrells pay (if it's Cersei's idea) for trying to steal Sansa away (she's his to torment, after all!) but don't mention the proposed engagement to Cersei. That way, when Tywin is upset about it, Joffrey will be genuinely surprised, and bitch that he should've been consulted because he's the king.
3700	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Either Tywin does not know that Loras has no interest in fathering children, or their society is very socially advanced.He knows, and it's irrelevant to his plans.  He expects Loras would due his duty as heir to a major house.  If Cersei instead delivers more bastards that Loras must claim, instead, that's no different to Tywin.
3701	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	And you should see my posts on the WoS here on this board. I've got VERY strong opinions on it, none of them good. One of my biggest hopes in the series is that Cersei somehow takes down the HS. I hate that chapter with a passion. It's disgusting and vile, I was horrified the entire time I read it.Robert Strong is going to fucking rampage on those sparrows, I'm absolutely certain about that. That High Sparrow is so incredibly fucked up, almost on a level with Qyburn. What they did to the Blue Bard was just... Its a shame, because I had hopes for one of the first grassroots movements in Westeros, but it looks like it's just going to be torture and genocide from them.ETA: Are you horrified because of the way the chapter was written, or because of sympathy for Cersei?
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 01 May 2013 - 07:56 AM.
3702	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Besides, as it was stated, most of the proof she is incompetent is after Tyrion is gone. Once she truly is left to make her own decisions, things go horribly. Oh hey bank who's notorious for getting their money however they need to, that money we owe? Lol nah, wait til this war is over.Oh hey religious zealots, you can form your military again. It's all good!Oh hey people who try to give me sensible advice. I'm just going to assume you're plotting against me and have you thrown out and replaced.Oh hey Littlefinger, let's pretend this girl is Arya Stark, even though I have absolutely no proof that Arya Stark is dead other than my own assumptions. Nevermind that if Arya isn't dead, she looks enough like her parents to discredit the impostor.Oh, hey, let's build up a new navy at crown expense, then just give it to a bastard over whom we have no leverage!Oh, hey, let's have Giles of freaking Rosby on the small councilOh, hey, let's set up BRONN to be a landed lord
3703	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Oh, hey, let's build up a new navy at crown expense, then just give it to a bastard over whom we have no leverage!A bastard that resembled Rhaegar. Apparently Cersei carries a torch.   /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3704	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	A bastard that resembled Rhaegar. Apparently Cersei carries a torch.   /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />The way Cersei thinks of Rhaegar sometimes reminds me of the way Sansa thinks of Loras.
3705	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	Cersei was raped by Robert, there is no doubt about that. I think what happened between her and the KBs is a very different thing though. First, Martin uses sex as a method to further character development and what Cersei's scenes between her and the KBs reveal is how the tables get turned on her and reflect her  ability to rule within Feast. First, we know that Cersei advocates the weapon between her legs to Sansa all the way back in Clash and it's a weapon we later see her use, with varying degrees of success, on Jaime and Lancel. Cersei believes that it is one of the few tools she has available as a women.All true.My point was however that if she claims she's smarter than most people she would manage to think of something better to manipulate people with and would advocate her brains more like a weapon you should use.Outsmart them if you are smarter.Think of a way you don't have to let anyone get near you if that's what you dislike. You say you're smart enough so prove it. Using sex as a weapon like I said is legit,all is fair in love and war. I just think this showed that she more believes herself smart and less proves it by her actions.So, fast forward to Feast and you have her again attempting to use sex as a method to control and push her agenda, to kill Jon Snow and frame Marg. Yet, as you correctly point out, it backfires on her. The scenes are ugly, she's not satisfied, and even tells herself that she's doing it for Tommen. But, it is also clear that she is still granting consent. So what does that tell us? Through sex, it shows the failing of her style of ruling. Remember, Sansa instintively rejected this all the way back in Clash. It's an attempt to manipulate and control through a weapon that can get away from you. Also. look what Cersei is doing in Clash - she's seeing what she wants to see, making bad decisions, alienating the Tyrells (even though the Lannisters need them as allies), and so on. She's failing at what she tells herself she was born to do - she is Tywin come again, right? And in these sex scenes, we get a reflection of the exact same thing. She's failing at the use of her great weapon, just as she's failing at ruling. The mere use of sex or a belief in who you are isn't enough to be successful. In the end, Cersei loses the regency and is the one getting used during sex. It's pretty ugly.Here I think we're on the same page.And you should see my posts on the WoS here on this board. I've got VERY strong opinions on it, none of them good. One of my biggest hopes in the series is that Cersei somehow takes down the HS. I hate that chapter with a passion. It's disgusting and vile, I was horrified the entire time I read it.I saw your posts,I know how you feel about it. As I said I'm always more inflicted by human degradation than by some other scenes in the book. Good luck with HS though here in ASoIaF we rarely get our satisfactory ending for a bad guy.I guess you didn't look at the post I was responding too? I was objecting to the idea that people "let" themselves get raped and the  assertion that Cersei calls what happened to her with other men rape. Neither statement is true. And if you look at the rest of my post, you see that I point out that what she describes with Robert is very much rape - even if she never uses the word. I have a strong suspicion you haven't seen many of my posts on this very topic before.If this is directed to me as well as Ser Pounce I just wanted to point out my words were never meant to be interpreted literally.That was more my view of what happened. I did read your posts and I agree with most of them.If you read some of my posts you might have seen that I often present and discuss as kanon my personal interpretation of a scene rather than quote text from the book.I'm one of those readers who thinks personal impression while reading is imperative even if emotion we felt isn't what majority felt or thought,otherwise we can just let someone else read it for us and then tell us what to feel.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3706	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-01	Or Kevin lannister what a fuckwit, remove cercei out of the tyrells way (she's a moron but all the stands between the IT n tyrells), 
Leave boy king to be raised as a tyrell puppet surrounded by tyrells, 
Let mace be hand to the king to rule thru tommen till he comes of age, get a baby from him, and they get rid of him the same way lannisters got rid of Robert honestly they think they are the only ones cable of doing what they do, they do it with fear n tyrells with roses n love. I guess we'll find out is it better to be feared or loved, cause the tyrells look to be taking away what the lannisters worked on for nearly twenty years.
3707	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	The way Cersei thinks of Rhaegar sometimes reminds me of the way Sansa thinks of Loras.Are you implying what I think you're implying My,Lady? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3708	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	The way Cersei thinks of Rhaegar sometimes reminds me of the way Sansa thinks of Loras.I completely agree. I think Cersei (and most noble girls) was very much like Sansa when she was younger although I doubt she was as naive. I hadn't realized what a disservice the great Ned and Cat did their first born daughter but the more I read posts on this forum, the more I see that Sansa was not exactly typical of a noble girl. She was sheltered a lot more.Cersei wanted the same dreamy future Sansa wanted but Tywin saw to it that she knew what the real world was like. And the Tyrell dinner table was likely brimming with political discussion.
3709	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	I completely agree. I think Cersei (and most noble girls) was very much like Sansa when she was younger although I doubt she was as naive. I hadn't realized what a disservice the great Ned and Cat did their first born daughter but the more I read posts on this forum, the more I see that Sansa was not exactly typical of a noble girl. She was sheltered a lot more.Cersei wanted the same dreamy future Sansa wanted but Tywin saw to it that she knew what the real world was like. And the Tyrell dinner table was likely brimming with political discussion.I think it was also due to North being so isolated and far from well everything. Yes she was sheltered but it didn't take much to shelter her from the rest of the world cause the rest of the world was whole world away.She only saw ppl adoring her father who had no need of games,nor he knew how to play as we all saw,and her mother who although was more skillful never had much need to play it cause let's face it...nothing was happening in the North.
3710	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-01	Maybe when they send their sons away to be fostered with other houses, they should do the same with the girls to get a lil education from smart women like QoT.
3711	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	QoT should open a school for girls /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3712	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	I think it was also due to North being so isolated and far from well everything. Yes she was sheltered but it didn't take much to shelter her from the rest of the world cause the rest of the world was whole world away.She only saw ppl adoring her father who had no need of games,nor he knew how to play as we all saw,and her mother who although was more skillful never had much need to play it cause let's face it...nothing was happening in the North.I agree, it's easy to forget the ways of the south  while at Winterfell but that doesn't explain why they didn't begin talking to her when it was obvious she was heading to the capital. Or why Ned would be angry at her observing what happens at Court. She needs to know the good and the bad. They seemed to support her fantasies.
3713	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	I agree, it's easy to forget the ways of the south  while at Winterfell but that doesn't explain why they didn't begin talking to her when it was obvious she was heading to the capital. Or why Ned would be angry at her observing what happens at Court. She needs to know the good and the bad. They seemed to support her fantasies.Maybe cause she was 11? I wouldn't choose to share politics and backstabbing particularities with my 11 year old. Not to mention he wasn't aware half of the time of what was going on around him. And even if he did..imagine this conversation...Sansa my dear,we must flea KL cause I found out queen was shagging her brother and Joff is not Robert's kid.Yeah,my dear this apparently happens brothers and sisters shag each other,don't do it ever,it's a bad thing. They pushed your brother out the window cause he saw them...having sex...about that...you see men and women do this sometimes. That's how we get babies... Ok I see you don't understand what sex is...guess I'll have to explain procreation to you as well...well you see...A winner...
3714	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Are you implying what I think you're implying My,Lady? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Btw, I don't think Sansa will follow Cersei's model. So far, she's chosen a different path.
3715	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	Btw, I don't think Sansa will follow Cersei's model. So far, she's chosen a different path.Oh,Gods I hope not /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> She would make them love her,remember...it's kind of more Marg's way.
3716	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Maybe cause she was 11? I wouldn't choose to share politics and backstabbing particularities with my 11 year old. Not to mention he wasn't aware half of the time of what was going on around him. And even if he did..imagine this conversation...Sansa my dear,we must flea KL cause I found out queen was shagging her brother and Joff is not Robert's kid.Yeah,my dear this apparently happens brothers and sisters shag each other,don't do it ever,it's a bad thing. They pushed your brother out the window cause he saw them...having sex...about that...you see men and women do this sometimes. That's how we get babies... Ok I see you don't understand what sex is...guess I'll have to explain procreation to you as well...well you see... A winner...How about yes, she's 11 but she's betrothed to the crown prince and better learn about Court FAST! I would definitely make sure she was aware of a dangerous or possibly dangerous situation. Don't we tell children not to do certain things like talk to strangers?How about Sansa my dear, we are not in Winterfell any longer. There are things we must be aware of. For example, The Lannisters are an important family that is accustomed to getting their way, no matter what. This family has done some very questionable things in the past. Also, you are to be married. I will ensure that your lady mother talks to you of what to expect and what is expected of you. Your Septa will continue that conversation with you when we are in King's Landing. Finally, remember our words child, Winter is coming. Be on your guard and do not assume someone means you well before you can be sure of what is in their heart. Remember you can always rely on your family and our knights and guardsmen so keep near them.How about that?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Pounce FTW, 01 May 2013 - 09:05 AM.
3717	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	Maybe cause she was 11? I wouldn't choose to share politics and backstabbing particularities with my 11 year old. Not to mention he wasn't aware half of the time of what was going on around him. And even if he did..imagine this conversation...Sansa my dear,we must flea KL cause I found out queen was shagging her brother and Joff is not Robert's kid.Yeah,my dear this apparently happens brothers and sisters shag each other,don't do it ever,it's a bad thing. They pushed your brother out the window cause he saw them...having sex...about that...you see men and women do this sometimes. That's how we get babies... Ok I see you don't understand what sex is...guess I'll have to explain procreation to you as well...well you see...A winner...I'm quite sure Sansa already knows, in general terms, how babies are made. Other than that, yeah, it's awkward timing.Until Jon Arryn dies and Robert comes a-looking for a new Hand, I doubt if there was any expectation from Ned and Catelyn that Sansa would ever have to face real intrigue. Ned probably thought she'd marry some Northern lord. Catelyn may have considered potential alliances with one of the other ruling families, but more along the lines of Dorne or the Reach, certainly not King's Landing. And once she got there she'd alreayd have a position of power. (Sure, she should still be able to keep that power and know what to do with it, but it's not quite the same thing as having no power to begin with.) Also, they themselves lived through a civil war, and that probably played some part in wanting to shelter their children from the world as much as possible. "I want a better life for my children than what I had!"
3718	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Until Jon Arryn dies and Robert comes a-looking for a new Hand, I doubt if there was any expectation from Ned and Catelyn that Sansa would ever have to face real intrigue. Ned probably thought she'd marry some Northern lord. Catelyn may have considered potential alliances with one of the other ruling families, but more along the lines of Dorne or the Reach, certainly not King's Landing.I disagree with this. The Starks are a noble family and there are more than enough noble born sons. Sansa needed to be prepared for a marriage with another noble family and she was not. Fair enough that they weren't expecting it to happen so soon but the minute they begin discussing a betrothal with the crown prince, she should have been put in a crash course of what to do and to expect.
3719	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	QoT should open a school for girls /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Oh god, spinoff series much?
3720	juanml82	2013-05-01	Well, Ned is the Hand who could have secured an alliance with the Tyrells against the Lannisters when Loras asked to lead the rather small party assigned to hunt down the Mountain once hostilities between the Lannisters and Tullies begun, and rejected him because he wanted vengeance, not justice. He's definitely not the kind of man capable of inducting Sansa into courtly intrigues. Catelyn should have known better, though.But yes, they did a huge disservice to both Sansa and Bran by filling their heads with songs and dreams instead of the real world.
3721	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Well, Ned is the Hand who could have secured an alliance with the Tyrells against the Lannisters when Loras asked to lead the rather small party assigned to hunt down the Mountain once hostilities between the Lannisters and Tullies begun, and rejected him because he wanted vengeance, not justice. He's definitely not the kind of man capable of inducting Sansa into courtly intrigues. Catelyn should have known better, though.But yes, they did a huge disservice to both Sansa and Bran by filling their heads with songs and dreams instead of the real world.I don't expect Ned to teach her the intricacies of the ways of Littlefinger but Ned has fought in multi-kingdom wars, been fostered with one of the leading noble men of Westeros and been to Court before. He could have explained more to her about what they were going to face in the Red Keep.
3722	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	How about yes, she's 11 but she's betrothed to the crown prince and better learn about Court FAST!Why?As far as Ned and Cat were both concerned she was to be married in about 5-6 years,maybe, and a lot can happen in between.Not in couple of months.I would definitely make sure she was aware of a dangerous or possibly dangerous situation.This would imply Ned new all about dangerous situations he was about to face.We can safely assume he was clueless. When you read him stumbling through KL's plots and schemes you can just facepalm and role your eyes.He thought he'll be in Robert's protection,men would do the right thing and confess or feel ashamed if faced with their crimes and he thought he had power to make it happen.Don't we tell children not to do certain things like talk to strangers?We do and much good it is considering that most of the people who abuse and mistreat children are not strangers but their relatives,family,close friends and neighbours...known fact.Wasn't Ned betrayed by LF? Rob by his Bannermen?And warn your child to be careful is not even close as bringing her up to speed in game of thrones.How about Sansa my dear, we are not in Winterfell any longer. There are things we must be aware of. For example, The Lannisters are an important family that is accustomed to getting their way, no matter what. This family has done some very questionable things in the past. Also, you are to be married. I will ensure that your lady mother talks to you of what to expect and what is expected of you. Your Septa will continue that conversation with you when we are in King's Landing. Finally, remember our words child, Winter is coming. Be on your guard and do not assume someone means you well before you can be sure of what is in their heart. Remember you can always rely on your family and our knights and guardsmen so keep near them.How about that?Great speach.One problem Ned was almost as naive as Sansa and he didn't see the situation the way we omnipotent omniseeing readers see.Half of the time he's like blind man stumbling trough the darkness and he was supposed to see trough all those players,see the future and warn his daughter about it?Cmon man thought Cercei would flee when he tels her he knows the truth...I don't expect Ned to teach her the intricacies of the ways of Littlefinger but Ned has fought in multi-kingdom wars, been fostered with one of the leading noble men of Westeros and been to Court before. He could have explained more to her about what they were going to face in the Red Keep.Again,as if he had a clue. His notion of what he's facing was as naive as Sansa's when you compare it to the reality of the situation.He's been to court 17 years ago,and apparently didn't learn anything.He fought war,that's far from playing the game of thrones as it can be.War is killing and surviving not women plotting behind your back with supposed friend to take guard of the castle and use it against you. If either of them attacked him with a sword he might have had some chance.He was way over his head and unaware of it.
3723	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	Why?As far as Ned and Cat were both concerned she was to be married in about 5-6 years,maybe, and a lot can happen in between.Not in couple of months.This would imply Ned new all about dangerous situations he was about to face.We can safely assume he was clueless.I disagree. They knew they were going to King's Landing and all Sansa was talking about was knights and songs. That was a disservice to her because court is NOT about knights and songs. Ned most definitely knew about the dangerous situations they were about to face. He and Cat believed Jon Arryn had been murdered by the Lannisters. He was aware of the fact that they needed to be wary. Especially after Cat came and showed him a knife that supposedly belonged to the Lannisters. Ned really isn't the clueless man you seem to think he is. He chose to do things differently, and in my opinion incorrectly, but he knew that there was danger.Catelyn stiffened in his grasp. <U+0080><U+009C>A warning,<U+0080><U+009D> she said softly. <U+0080><U+009C>If we have the wits to hear.<U+0080><U+009D>His eyes searched her face. <U+0080><U+009C>Go on.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Lysa says Jon Arryn was murdered.<U+0080><U+009D>His fingers tightened on her arm. <U+0080><U+009C>By whom?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>The Lannisters,<U+0080><U+009D> she told him. <U+0080><U+009C>The queen.<U+0080><U+009D>Ned released his hold on her arm. There were deep red marks on her skin. <U+0080><U+009C>Gods,<U+0080><U+009D> he whispered. His voice was hoarse. <U+0080><U+009C>Your sister is sick with grief. She cannot know what she is saying.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>She knows,<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn said. <U+0080><U+009C>Lysa is impulsive, yes, but this message was carefully planned, cleverly hidden. She knew it meant death if her letter fell into the wrong hands. To risk so much, she must have had more than mere suspicion.<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn looked to her husband. <U+0080><U+009C>Now we truly have no choice. You must be Robert<U+0080><U+0099>s Hand. You must go south with him and learn the truth.<U+0080><U+009D>She saw at once that Ned had reached a very different conclusion. <U+0080><U+009C>The only truths I know are here. The south is a nest of adders I would do better to avoid.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>Come, and I<U+0080><U+0099>ll show you, my lord.<U+0080><U+009D>Frowning, Ned crossed to the window. Petyr Baelish made a casual gesture. <U+0080><U+009C>There, across the yard, at the door of the armory, do you see the boy squatting by the steps honing a sword with an oilstone?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>What of him?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>He reports to Varys. The Spider has taken a great interest in you and all your doings.<U+0080><U+009D> He shifted in the window seat. <U+0080><U+009C>Now glance at the wall. Farther west, above the stables. The guardsman leaning on the ramparts?<U+0080><U+009D>Ned saw the man. <U+0080><U+009C>Another of the eunuch<U+0080><U+0099>s whisperers?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>No, this one belongs to the queen.Ned turned back to his wife. <U+0080><U+009C>Once you are home, send word to Helman Tallhart and Galbart Glover under my seal. They are to raise a hundred bowmen each and fortify Moat Cailin. Two hundred determined archers can hold the Neck against an army. Instruct Lord Manderly that he is to strengthen and repair all his defenses at White Harbor, and see that they are well manned. And from this day on, I want a careful watch kept over Theon Greyjoy. If there is war, we shall have sore need of his father<U+0080><U+0099>s fleet.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>War?<U+0080><U+009D> The fear was plain on Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s face.<U+0080><U+009C>It will not come to that,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned promised her, praying it was true. He took her in his arms again. <U+0080><U+009C>The Lannisters are merciless in the face of weakness, as Aerys Targaryen learned to his sorrow, but they would not dare attack the north without all the power of the realm behind them, and that they shall not have. I must play out this fool<U+0080><U+0099>s masquerade as if nothing is amiss. Remember why I came here, my love. If I find proof that the Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn <U+0080><U+0080><U+009D>Ned had no reply for that. The face of the butcher<U+0080><U+0099>s boy swam up before his eyes, cloven almost in two, and afterward the king had said not a word. His head was pounding.Littlefinger sauntered over to the table, wrenched the knife from the wood. <U+0080><U+009C>The accusation is treason either way. Accuse the king and you will dance with Ilyn Payne before the words are out of your mouth. The queen <U+0080> if you can find proof, and if you can make Robert listen, then perhaps <U+0080><U+0080><U+009D>Ned knew there was danger and still chose to keep Sansa and Arya in the dark. That was not him not realizing there was a problem but purposefully excluding the girls from the problem until they became the problem themselves. So he wasn't naive about the situation but was naive about how he handled it with his children.
3724	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	I disagree.As is your right.They knew they were going to King's Landing and all Sansa was talking about was knights and songs. That was a disservice to her because court is NOT about knights and songs. Ned most definitely knew about the dangerous situations they were about to face. He and Cat believed Jon Arryn had been murdered by the Lannisters. He was aware of the fact that they needed to be wary. Especially after Cat came and showed him a knife that supposedly belonged to the Lannisters. Ned really isn't the clueless man you seem to think he is. He chose to do things differently, and in my opinion incorrectly, but he knew that there was danger.He knew something,he also thought he had Robert to hold his back. He also had a position of power,he thought truth would be enough to protect him when he finds the profs he was looking for.To tell all this to a 11 year old...not my first choice.So you expected him to tell his suspicions,ones he barely dared to admit to his best friend before he has some proof of them,to his 11 and 9 year old daughters.Hey children I have a rumor queen killed a man and there's a conspiracy on court,and they tried to kill your brother,I have no proof but you should know so you can protect yourselves by not trusting them...You would say this to a child,that would be protecting them how?Sharing them,telling them dangerous secrets? He and Cat knew even thinking it puts them in danger but hey let's tell this to kids. And also,he didn't know Robert will die,he trusted he had a friend and ally in LF,he trusted telling Cercei truth would be enough to make her run,he believed he can pull it off.Ned knew there was danger and still chose to keep Sansa and Arya in the dark. That was not him not realizing there was a problem but purposefully excluding the girls from the problem until they became the problem themselves. So he wasn't naive about the situation but was naive about how he handled it with his children.I disagree. I myself would never involve children into this. Not ever. I think his mistake was bringing them in KL at the first place. Not sharing such secretive matter with them was good. And for preparing them...He didn't know he was gonna leave WFL until it was too late to start with the lessons.And as I recall they said something in the lines of Sansa and Arya would benefit from being in the court,they should see what's this like. I'm sure I would consider this a mistake if he knew he was gonna die so soon and his 13 year old daughter would be forced to marry and Robert was going to be murdered by a pig and ppl would start fighting over a throne. The way I see it in his mind this was still to far for Sansa to even consider it. But he didn't know any of this.His daugters WERE too young for this and he thought he was doing what's best for them,he thought he'll have Robert's protection,he believed telling LF to be on his side for Cat would be enough,he believed Cercei will run. He was wrong to believe all this,but if this was what he believed,and it was, why tell anything to a child. Who ever includes a child while talking war and plots and politics?
3725	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	I disagree. I myself would never involve children into this. Not ever. I think his mistake was bringing them in KL at the first place. Not sharing such secretive matter with them was good. And for preparing them...He didn't know he was gonna leave WFL until it was too late to start with the lessons.And as I recall they said something in the lines of Sansa and Arya would benefit from being in the court,they should see what's this like. I'm sure I would consider this a mistake if he knew he was gonna die so soon and his 13 year old daughter would be forced to marry and Robert was going to be murdered by a pig and ppl would start fighting over a throne. The way I see it in his mind this was still to far for Sansa to even consider it. But he didn't know any of this.His daugters WERE too young for this and he thought he was doing what's best for them,he thought he'll have Robert's protection,he believed telling LF to be on his side for Cat would be enough,he believed Cercei will run. He was wrong to believe all this,but if this was what he believed,and it was, why tell anything to a child. Who ever includes a child while talking war and plots and politics?From your post I believe you are under the impression that when I say he should have talked with his children, you think I mean "Sansa, Arya, the queen is fucking her brother. Also, there's been a murder and people are trying to pass it off for a natural death. Finally, the Baratheon children are all bastards and so treason has been committed and the king may well be in danger." You also seem to believe that when I say prepare them I mean months and months of training. If you believe that, you are very mistaken and at the risk of being repetitive, I shall post what I think he should have told them: Sansa my dear, we are not in Winterfell any longer. There are things we must be aware of. For example, The Lannisters are an important family that is accustomed to getting their way, no matter what. This family has done some very questionable things in the past. Also, you are to be married. I will ensure that your lady mother talks to you of what to expect and what is expected of you. Your Septa will continue that conversation with you when we are in King's Landing. Finally, remember our words child, Winter is coming. Be on your guard and do not assume someone means you well before you can be sure of what is in their heart. Remember you can always rely on your family and our knights and guardsmen so keep near them.That hardly involves children in the situation but does make them aware of the fact that THEIR PARTY IS IN DANGER! Also, thinking of Sansa as a child is not quite right. While she is very young and hasn't flowered yet, she has become betrothed and is travelling with her fiance and their family. She is going to Court. She is not seen as a child even if she is not quite a woman yet. What's more, Danaeryis is a year older and Margaery is 2 years older. Neither of them is anywhere near as blind to the real world as Sansa is because no one thought to shelter them from what they needed to be prepared for. Margaery is most definitely a part of her family's planning and for her to show the level of understanding she had at 14 in the story, her education has to start early. Whether you agree that Sansa was too young to understand Court or not, the reality is everyone else around her did understand a great deal of what was going on and she was forced to figure it out on her own. No one showed any sympathy for her because she was young. The royal family did not think she was too young.You are probably correct in thinking they shouldn't have gone to King's Landing. However, they do go and Ned was fully aware that The south is a nest of adders and that The Lannisters are merciless. I also agree that he felt he had the king's protection however, he still considered the situation so much of a threat that he told his wife to prepare for possible war: They are to raise a hundred bowmen each and fortify Moat Cailin. Two hundred determined archers can hold the Neck against an army. His chidlren should have been told there was a problem not given the gory details.Anyway, as a result of her father chosing to keep her unaware of the danger she was in at Court, Sansa was captured and held hostage. And surprise, surpreise, she is now betrothed to a Lannister. This could have definitely ended differently if she had been told to be cautious especially of a Lannister.
3726	juanml82	2013-05-01	I think it's a matter of education. When the man trying to drill into Sansa that life isn't a song is the same he betrays her father so he can keep his brothels working instead of her father, something is very, very wrong.
Both Ned and Cat knew Sansa and Bran felt life was a song and should have prevented that. They won't, and probably don't need, to make them masters of courtly intrigue, but they should have made sure they knew what knights really are.
EDIT: A real failsafe would have been for Ned to ask Robert for either Myrcella marrying to Bran (and remaining in the North), or for Tommen to remain as a ward, either at the North or at the Riverlands, effectively giving him a hostage should things go very wrong, as he suspected.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 01 May 2013 - 05:18 PM.
3727	jarl the climber	2013-05-01	Arya and Sansa were sent with Ned because Catelyn thought it would look suspicious if the kids did not go. I suppose Ned agreed with this. Keeping that in mind, the parents should have clued the kids into the fact that they should be careful. Probaly they should not not have sent them at all even if it did seem suspicious. Brans injury actually gave them a good excuse not to send them right away.
					
					
							Edited by jarl the climber, 01 May 2013 - 06:36 PM.
3728	Kittykatknits	2013-05-01	Robert Strong is going to fucking rampage on those sparrows, I'm absolutely certain about that. That High Sparrow is so incredibly fucked up, almost on a level with Qyburn. What they did to the Blue Bard was just... Its a shame, because I had hopes for one of the first grassroots movements in Westeros, but it looks like it's just going to be torture and genocide from them.ETA: Are you horrified because of the way the chapter was written, or because of sympathy for Cersei?The short answer to your question is yes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> As I said, I've got pretty strong feelings about the whole chapter. I've got a huge amount of sympathy for Cersei as she was punished for having sex, not for her actual crimes. It was done to break a woman's pride using a method that is sexually degrading and abusive. I hate the HS and before this chapter, I merely disliked Kevan. After reading the WoS and the prologue, I'm convinced he is just as bad as Tywin and find him to be equally revolting as his big brother.  I also get really angry when I read comments from people that describe the WoS as a fist-pumping moment or they wish she was hurt worse. It was a sexual assault, plain and simple and no one deserves that. Now, as to the way that the chapter is written, I also have some issues with it. Martin describes the WoS as a punishment for her pride which I've got a big problem with. I'm revolted by the walk as it goes on for page after page, forcing me as a reader to bear witness to her sexual assault in detail. To feel her struggles and read about her being slowly broken as a woman. Up until Dance, I felt Martin was mostly responsible in his use of sexual assault and violence in his story line, a better effort than I've seen elsewhere but not without faults either. If a writer chooses to depict rape or sexual assault on screen (or page), the writer has a responsibility to handle the aftermath as well. It should not be dismissed, it should not be used to further Man Pain (Kevan again!), and it should be dealt with. Instead, we got Kevan's prologue and it is only through him that we see that Cersei is actually responding in many ways as a rape victim does. I'm very disappointed that Cersei is not the one who was given the first chance to respond to the WoS. It's her assault, not Kevan's.And the HS is a nasty piece of work on many levels. The Blue Bard and seeing what was done to KB. I believe we are only starting to figure out what his real desires are. Not a particular Cersei fan but if she takes him down then I'm putting her on my list of personal heroes. So, that's my opinion. If you do a search on walk of shame in the book forum, you'll see threads on this very topic. p.s. don't get me started on Tysha.All true.My point was however that if she claims she's smarter than most people she would manage to think of something better to manipulate people with and would advocate her brains more like a weapon you should use.Outsmart them if you are smarter.Think of a way you don't have to let anyone get near you if that's what you dislike. You say you're smart enough so prove it. Using sex as a weapon like I said is legit,all is fair in love and war. I just think this showed that she more believes herself smart and less proves it by her actions.Here I think we're on the same page.I saw your posts,I know how you feel about it. As I said I'm always more inflicted by human degradation than by some other scenes in the book. Good luck with HS though here in ASoIaF we rarely get our satisfactory ending for a bad guy.If this is directed to me as well as Ser Pounce I just wanted to point out my words were never meant to be interpreted literally.That was more my view of what happened. I did read your posts and I agree with most of them.If you read some of my posts you might have seen that I often present and discuss as kanon my personal interpretation of a scene rather than quote text from the book.I'm one of those readers who thinks personal impression while reading is imperative even if emotion we felt isn't what majority felt or thought,otherwise we can just let someone else read it for us and then tell us what to feel.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thanks for responding, I saw this earlier today but am only just now sitting down to a keyboard to be able to respond to you. From what I see, we are generally on the same page. I think you are right on what this shows. I don't think Cersei is stupid by any means, she's got a certain cunning to her but she tends to ignore what is not in front of her and can take a forest for the trees approach in thinking. A good example is the Tyrells. She could see they were out to take more power for themselves but her sponse was to think of them as an enemy rather than take an approach similar to Tywin - figure out how to maintain power while still handling the relationship. It's the same with the HS, Cersei could only see her gains without thinking about what she gave up in the process. That's what the sex scenes show, I think. She's got smarts but not enough to figure out a different path. Cersei thinks she is Tywin come again or "Tywin with teats" to put it more crudely but she's not. She still hasn't figured out why he was feared and she is not.Also, thank you for clarifying what you had meant earlier. I admit the let them rape her comment left a bad taste in my mouth because I have seen this phrasing used in other discussions as a very deliberate effort to blame the victim than the actual rapist. Communication in the written format can leave out context and tone so it can be hard to understand where another person is coming from. I get it now. As to how you read the text, I think I agree with you on some subjects or plotlines, it just depends on which those happen to be. I do use depend heavily on the text, although I've been lazy about quoting lately. But, as you see from my above comment, certain things do draw an immediate personal and emotional reaction from me and heavily influence how I view the text. Btw, I don't think Sansa will follow Cersei's model. So far, she's chosen a different path.Oh,Gods I hope not /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> She would make them love her,remember...it's kind of more Marg's way.Have no fear, she won't. Early on in the Sansa p2p thread, there was a series of short essays looking at the influences of female characters on Sansa. I did Cersei. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> The discussion pointed out that the two of them follow some parallel paths in the story (crush on idealistic prince, marriage far from their ideal, styles of ruling, and so on). But, Sansa has consistently stayed away from and refused the lessons that Cersei gives her. Elba the Intoner also wrote up a great post on symbolism with the two of them during the night of the Blackwater. Cersei is the one that had the maiden symbolism while Sansa actually had symbolism that matched the Mother. I can't remember which thread these were in, probably between 6-9 or somewheres thereabouts.I'm quite sure Sansa already knows, in general terms, how babies are made. Other than that, yeah, it's awkward timing.Yes, she knows how babies are made and has pretty clear expectations on what would be expected of her as a Lady Wife. After she leaves KL, Sansa reflects on her wedding night and thinks to herself it wouldn't have been bad at all under different circumstances. But, she had a clear understanding on what her moon blood meant and then we also have her thoughts on her wedding night. She spends quite a bit of time reflecting on what her Septa told her - all men are beautful and that she would find something about her husband that was beautiful. The implication, of course, is that this would help her do her duty. The big  twist of course is that Sansa rejects this teaching. Also, in her last chapter in Feast, Sansa is asked if she knows what goes on in the marriage bed and then thinks briefly of Tyrion and then of the Hound's kiss and replies with "yes". So, she knows. Now, whether she's ready to act on that knowledge..that's a whole 'nother discussion.
3729	Dove	2013-05-02	Oh hey bank who's notorious for getting their money however they need to, that money we owe? Lol nah, wait til this war is over.Oh hey religious zealots, you can form your military again. It's all good!Oh hey people who try to give me sensible advice. I'm just going to assume you're plotting against me and have you thrown out and replaced.Oh hey Littlefinger, let's pretend this girl is Arya Stark, even though I have absolutely no proof that Arya Stark is dead other than my own assumptions. Nevermind that if Arya isn't dead, she looks enough like her parents to discredit the impostor.Oh, hey, let's build up a new navy at crown expense, then just give it to a bastard over whom we have no leverage!Oh, hey, let's have Giles of freaking Rosby on the small councilOh, hey, let's set up BRONN to be a landed lordThis is from a few pages back and a little off-topic but I love seeing the AFFC King's Landing shenanigans compiled together like this. Hahaha. Oh, Cersei.Oh, hey, let's hand over innocent people who are loyal to me to the lunatic necromancer in the basement.+1. You're one of my favorite posters here. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
3730	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-02	Now, as to the way that the chapter is written, I also have some issues with it. Martin describes the WoS as a punishment for her pride which I've got a big problem with. I'm revolted by the walk as it goes on for page after page, forcing me as a reader to bear witness to her sexual assault in detail. To feel her struggles and read about her being slowly broken as a woman. Up until Dance, I felt Martin was mostly responsible in his use of sexual assault and violence in his story line, a better effort than I've seen elsewhere but not without faults either. If a writer chooses to depict rape or sexual assault on screen (or page), the writer has a responsibility to handle the aftermath as well. It should not be dismissed, it should not be used to further Man Pain (Kevan again!), and it should be dealt with. Instead, we got Kevan's prologue and it is only through him that we see that Cersei is actually responding in many ways as a rape victim does. I'm very disappointed that Cersei is not the one who was given the first chance to respond to the WoS. It's her assault, not Kevan's.You make a very good point, but IMHO, I think it would be better if we start from scratch in the next novel, with the first chapter looking at Cersei's state of mind following the Walk of Shame. I think it might be similar to Theon in ADWD, where like Cersei, we hear of his predicament from a second-hand source (Roose at the Twins), but there is significant amounts of shock value when we see what he's been reduced to. I think the comments on Kevan's epilogue about Cersei's state of mind was simply to give closure to her arc.
3731	Joyful Union	2013-05-02	I'm thinking that Cersei is probably going to go absolutely insane, losing all remnants of humanity.
3732	Kittykatknits	2013-05-02	+1. You're one of my favorite posters here. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Thank you. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />You make a very good point, but IMHO, I think it would be better if we start from scratch in the next novel, with the first chapter looking at Cersei's state of mind following the Walk of Shame. I think it might be similar to Theon in ADWD, where like Cersei, we hear of his predicament from a second-hand source (Roose at the Twins), but there is significant amounts of shock value when we see what he's been reduced to. I think the comments on Kevan's epilogue about Cersei's state of mind was simply to give closure to her arc.I agree, Kevan's comment were meant to give closure to her arc in Dance. I'm just not in agreement that is the right decision as it should not be resolved until we see her work through what happened to her. Cersei is the one violated, not Kevan. The initial image we get should not be Kevan's eyes, trying to justify the role he played nor should her resolution from the WoS be pushed off for (possibly) several years. We knew something was going on with Theon, if not exactly what, back in Storm. His story then goes on in Dance where we learn of his story via flashback, in pieces. We don't live every moment of his torture beause we don't need to. The horror is apparent to us. But, Martin also takes Theon's story a step further and rebuilds him. He's Reek in the beginning and by the end he is once again Theon. Now, Cersei's WoS took place on page, in real-time within the very same book. But, Martin did not provide any more information from her. I think this was a bad call of him. I'm pretty hopeful that he'll fix it in the next book and am not at all close to giving up on him as a writer but this is one (of very few) elements where I'd say he was less than successful. So, I do hope you are right and we get to see her state of mind very early in to the next book.ETA: Didn't mean to hijack this thread on a WoS discussion. If there is more interest in it, should probably start something in the book forum itself.
					
					
							Edited by Kittykatknits, 02 May 2013 - 09:18 PM.
3733	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-03	I think we might yet see consequences of WOS through Cercei's eyes. It's just postponed like everything else in Dance.There is almost battle at Mereen,almost battle at Winterfell,almost dead Jaime,almost meeting of Dany and Tyrion...so I think he gave us Kevan pov and not hers cause he's saving it for later.Like this we are left to wonder did WoS really manage to break he or she's just faking it until she figures something out. I believe Martin on purpose wanted us to keep wondering just like we were left to wonder if Sansa is buying all LF's crap (no she isn't /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) and if Arya is really forgetting who she is.
3734	NedStark2013	2013-05-03	Is he forcing theme because he is there father or is he using Hand of The King Power.
3735	jons nissa	2013-05-03	I think we might yet see consequences of WOS through Cercei's eyes. It's just postponed like everything else in Dance.There is almost battle at Mereen,almost battle at Winterfell,almost dead Jaime,almost meeting of Dany and Tyrion...so I think he gave us Kevan pov and not hers cause he's saving it for later.Like this we are left to wonder did WoS really manage to break he or she's just faking it until she figures something out. I believe Martin on purpose wanted us to keep wondering just like we were left to wonder if Sansa is buying all LF's crap (no she isn't /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) and if Arya is really forgetting who she is.i agree.Is he forcing theme because he is there father or is he using Hand of The King Power.he is forcing them to connect more of westeros to the lannisters because he is their father.
3736	siberia82	2013-05-03	While substituting Willas with Loras is logical from the show's perspective, it makes Tywin's claim to Cersei that marrying Loras "...will put an end to the disgusting rumours about you" seem ridiculous. The rumours about Renly & Loras' romance are FAR more rampant on the TV series than they are in the novels. It's almost as if just about everyone in Westeros (except for Brienne and Sansa) are aware that these two men were a couple. I don't see how Cersei's marriage to a man who is widely believed to be a "degenerate" would quell the suspicion that she had an incestuous relationship with her brother. Tywin would like to have a grandson who will one day inherit Highgarden, so there is a political motivation behind the match, but his line to Cersei doesn't really make much sense in this context.
3737	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-04	It makes sense that he said a thing he knew for sure would shut her mouth and it did. It was more like hidden way to say...people are going around saying you sleep with your brother do you really want to continue this argument when I have this to shove up your throat? I think the point was when he says you are my daughter you'll do what I say. He's the head of the family his childrem obey. They can't win. With Loras line he just reminded her just how much she can't win,she gave him the weapon. You don't want to marry who I say you should,shame on you,people say you sleep with your brother...you don't want to brush your teeth before bed, shame on you,there are rumors you sleep with your brother I and family have to put up with and now you don't want to brush your teeth...
3738	LordStoneheart	2013-05-04	While substituting Willas with Loras is logical from the show's perspective, it makes Tywin's claim to Cersei that marrying Loras "...will put an end to the disgusting rumours about you" seem ridiculous. The rumours about Renly & Loras' romance are FAR more rampant on the TV series than they are in the novels. It's almost as if just about everyone in Westeros (except for Brienne and Sansa) are aware that these two men were a couple. I don't see how Cersei's marriage to a man who is widely believed to be a "degenerate" would quell the suspicion that she had an incestuous relationship with her brother. Tywin would like to have a grandson who will one day inherit Highgarden, so there is a political motivation behind the match, but his line to Cersei doesn't really make much sense in this context.It could be to quell the rumors of Loras also. While neither the books or the show probably don't give us a good indication on Tywin's actual thoughts of homosexuality, right at the beginning of the scene he berates Tyrion for his "missing some of Loras's favorite bits" joke.I'm sure if Tywin thought as monstrously as Joff it would've been outlawed by now, but maybe we can say that along with securing Highgarden, CerLoras (I love that ship name... its punny) could quell rumors for both of them.
3739	King Zee	2013-05-04	Now, as to the way that the chapter is written, I also have some issues with it. Martin describes the WoS as a punishment for her pride which I've got a big problem with. I'm revolted by the walk as it goes on for page after page, forcing me as a reader to bear witness to her sexual assault in detail. To feel her struggles and read about her being slowly broken as a woman. Up until Dance, I felt Martin was mostly responsible in his use of sexual assault and violence in his story line, a better effort than I've seen elsewhere but not without faults either. If a writer chooses to depict rape or sexual assault on screen (or page), the writer has a responsibility to handle the aftermath as well. It should not be dismissed, it should not be used to further Man Pain (Kevan again!), and it should be dealt with. Instead, we got Kevan's prologue and it is only through him that we see that Cersei is actually responding in many ways as a rape victim does. I'm very disappointed that Cersei is not the one who was given the first chance to respond to the WoS. It's her assault, not Kevan's.GRRM is writing a story.  not administering justice in a court.I would say as a reader that GRRM deliberately wanted us to go through the walk of shame with Cersei in order to feel her struggles. and part of that is to NOT let us see her POV after the walk of shame  because now she has been  metaphorically silenced. She has no voice . her desires are now irrelevant to the powers of Kings landing.. She cannot complain. She is now Sansa.given  that we have at least two books to go I have no doubt the GRRM will let us see Cersei's POV in dealing with the after math.  but he wlil do that when its fits the STORY.  I see it as a merely necessity of plot. Just as how Davos disappears for half a book. and Theon disappears for an entire  book  . Cersei must now disappear until the author is ready to reveal her again.
					
					
							Edited by King Zee, 04 May 2013 - 05:49 AM.
3740	siberia82	2013-05-04	I know some fans speculate that Cersei will convince Joffrey to name Loras to the Kingsguard, but Joff hates "deviants" (being known as the Knight of Flowers makes things a little worse because Joffrey thinks that flowers are effeminate). I can't picture him tolerating a gay knight in his order even if he finds that idea a bit less appalling than having a "pervert" marry his mother. In my mind, Joff would just chop Loras' head off before he would even consider either option.It could be to quell the rumors of Loras also. While neither the books or the show probably don't give us a good indication on Tywin's actual thoughts of homosexuality, right at the beginning of the scene he berates Tyrion for his "missing some of Loras's favorite bits" joke.I'm sure if Tywin thought as monstrously as Joff it would've been outlawed by now, but maybe we can say that along with securing Highgarden, CerLoras (I love that ship name... its punny) could quell rumors for both of them.I have great difficulty believing that this marriage will fully repair Cersei or Loras' reputation. On the day of their wedding, I can imagine the rumour mill will be something like, "How convenient that Cersei's husband is a 'degenerate'; she can continue fucking her brother and the Knight of Pansies wouldn't mind! He may even want to seduce the Kingslayer himself!"It makes sense that he said a thing he knew for sure would shut her mouth and it did. It was more like hidden way to say...people are going around saying you sleep with your brother do you really want to continue this argument when I have this to shove up your throat? I think the point was when he says you are my daughter you'll do what I say. He's the head of the family his childrem obey. They can't win. With Loras line he just reminded her just how much she can't win,she gave him the weapon. You don't want to marry who I say you should,shame on you,people say you sleep with your brother...you don't want to brush your teeth before bed, shame on you,there are rumors you sleep with your brother I and family have to put up with and now you don't want to brush your teeth...Well, I suppose it's possible that Tywin only said that to put Cersei in her place, but it still seems like an odd thing to say. I think it's much more likely that Cogman wanted to use dialogue from the novels, but he failed to take into consideration that this specific comment is quite illogical when Loras is the husband-to-be.
					
					
							Edited by siberia82, 30 June 2013 - 08:39 PM.
3741	Logodnica	2013-04-29	The foreshadowing threads are my favorite in the general book discussion forum so I thought I'd start one for this episode, bc there are a few things that I liked
"We can't be family, bc you'll always be m'lady" Gendry to Arya. 
- We know that D&D know the end of the story. I wonder if Gendry is legitimized and becomes the head or heir of house baratheon. That would be a high enough husband for a Stark girl. Plus Arya does look like Lyanna who was supposed to marry a Baratheon
"A wedding is safer." - QoT
- HA!! And not just the PW but also the one that comes before it. Wow D&D, thank you for the blatant love to the fans
3742	relish5k	2013-04-29	I really hope so with Gendry!
3743	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-29	Not sure how the non-book reader sees it, but I feel like its becoming more and more obvious that Robb is going to croak this season... 
The fact that they keep referring to Sansa as "key to the north" is kind of tipping their cap a bit. As is whenever a character drops that phrase in the show so far, there is a pretty quick dismissal of Robb Stark. When Varys and Tywin mention him, it's as if they already know he's toast...Which in fact they do know already, but I'm wondering if the non-readers are picking up on it.
3744	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Some great foreshadowing is how Robb's scene mirrors Theon's beheading of Rodrik.
In Theon's scene, his adviser telling him to ignore his instincts and saying "No, holding him captive is not good enough, he needs to die"
In Robb's scene you have  his adviser telling him to ignore the way he was raised and saying "No, you can't kill him, it will end badly."
In Theon's scene, he listens to his adviser and takes Rodrik's head, and it ends badly.
In Robb's scene he does not listen to his adviser, takes Karstark's head, and it will end badly.
It rained in both scenes
In both scenes, it was more about sending a message than the principle.
In both scenes you have an old warrior guy who gives last words that they hope will haunt the man swinging the sword.
Even the music is the same. So they draw the parallels to Theon's most damning decision in order to indicate how extremely screwed Robb is.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 29 April 2013 - 05:05 PM.
3745	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-29	I'm watching this episode again now and just picked up on something...Could be something that points to Talisa being a lannister spy...or could be nothing.
After Robb sends Karstark to the dungeons and his mother, Edmure and Talisa are trying to get him to spare Karstark, Robb says the following to Talisa:
"They were boys...You tended their wounds. Brought them supper...And now theyre dead." 
Obviously this is just a small piece of dialogue, and I don't necessarily believe in the whole Talisa = spy theory, but that line definitley stuck out to me. 
Thoughts?
3746	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	I'm watching this episode again now and just picked up on something...Could be something that points to Talisa being a lannister spy...or could be nothing.After Robb sends Karstark to the dungeons and his mother, Edmure and Talisa are trying to get him to spare Karstark, Robb says the following to Talisa:"They were boys...You tended their wounds. Brought them supper...And now theyre dead."Obviously this is just a small piece of dialogue, and I don't necessarily believe in the whole Talisa = spy theory, but that line definitley stuck out to me.Thoughts?Not sure how you can draw that conclusion from that sequence of events and simultaneously ignore the part, which you stated, about how Talisa was trying to convince him not to execute Karstark - which would have been the smart thing to do.  If she was a spy, why would she be trying to get Robb to do things that, y'know, wouldn't result in half his army deserting?
3747	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Tyrion - Why is she here?
Tywin - These matters concern your sister as well.
Cersei - Smugface. I'm daddy's fav!!
Tywin - Also Cersei you'll marry Lora's Tyrell 
The three minute foreshadow!
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 April 2013 - 11:08 PM.
3748	shiola	2013-04-29	"Weddings are safer"
3749	Zman1863	2013-04-29	There are pretty clear clues in the book that there is the potential for something more than friendship between Arya and Gendry. They don't have time to lay down all of that on the show but the "m'lady" line carried a clear double meaning even if Gendry himself was only alluding to the difference in social class. Obviously it's too early to tell if it means anything for the future, but I have always suspected that those two characters were not finished with each other.Some great foreshadowing is how Robb's scene mirrors Theon's beheading of Rodrik.In Theon's scene, his adviser telling him to ignore his instincts and saying "No, holding him captive is not good enough, he needs to die"In Robb's scene you have  his adviser telling him to ignore the way he was raised and saying "No, you can't kill him, it will end badly."In Theon's scene, he listens to his adviser and takes Rodrik's head, and it ends badly.In Robb's scene he does not listen to his adviser, takes Karstark's head, and it will end badly.It rained in both scenesIn both scenes, it was more about sending a message than the principle.In both scenes you have an old warrior guy who gives last words that they hope will haunt the man swinging the sword.Even the music is the same. So they draw the parallels to Theon's most damning decision in order to indicate how extremely screwed Robb is.Yeah, but Robb does get the head off with one blow. It's true that Robb's situation ends bleakly, and in that way its a parallel. But there is a notable difference in that Robb is advised by everyone to spare Karstark and chooses to sentence him to death on his own steam while Theon was being ruled by Dagmar. Robb acts as honor dictates despite council while Theon acts against it because of it.
3750	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-29	Not sure how you can draw that conclusion from that sequence of events and simultaneously ignore the part, which you stated, about how Talisa was trying to convince him not to execute Karstark - which would have been the smart thing to do.  If she was a spy, why would she be trying to get Robb to do things that, y'know, wouldn't result in half his army deserting?Yeah I get that, and I said that it's weak..but the way that the shot was framed and the line was written and delivered just stuck out, is all.
					
					
							Edited by Hodors Shlong, 29 April 2013 - 11:24 PM.
3751	TheDarkOne	2013-04-30	The scene with Robb and KarStark could probably be better paired with Ned beheading the NW run away in the first episode.
I don't see the parallel with the Theon scene.
3752	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Well, I pretty clearly explained the parallels. Visual and aural, if nothing else....
3753	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	"Weddings are safer"ooh yes! absolutely loved that
3754	Warhawk137	2013-04-30	The scene with Robb and KarStark could probably be better paired with Ned beheading the NW run away in the first episode.I don't see the parallel with the Theon scene.Represents the point of no return.
3755	madprofessah	2013-04-30	Some great foreshadowing is how Robb's scene mirrors Theon's beheading of Rodrik.In Theon's scene, his adviser telling him to ignore his instincts and saying "No, holding him captive is not good enough, he needs to die"In Robb's scene you have  his adviser telling him to ignore the way he was raised and saying "No, you can't kill him, it will end badly."In Theon's scene, he listens to his adviser and takes Rodrik's head, and it ends badly.In Robb's scene he does not listen to his adviser, takes Karstark's head, and it will end badly.It rained in both scenesIn both scenes, it was more about sending a message than the principle.In both scenes you have an old warrior guy who gives last words that they hope will haunt the man swinging the sword.Even the music is the same. So they draw the parallels to Theon's most damning decision in order to indicate how extremely screwed Robb is.I didn't notice the music, but I did notice it was raining in both scenes and the parallel of Theon following his adviser to do a thing which seals his fate while Robb NOT following his adviser to seal his fate is pretty clear.One question to ask is what else could Robb have done? Would the RW not have happened if he had just locked up Lord Karstark instead? D&D did a great job of having Karstark already get under Robb's skin by questioning his decision and saying that "You lost this war the moment you married her (gesturing at Talisa)" way back in S3E02. I'm not saying that's what made Robb takes Karstark's head but it couldn't have helped.I did think it was weird that he looked so frustrated that Karstark's army had left (hello, you killed their Lord?). What did Robb think would happen? I think the main point is that they are showing how alike Robb and Ned are--they will follow their principle and way the world *should* work over what will actually work best to get them closer to their ultimate goal.
3756	rejndjer	2013-04-30	then why didn't he follow the principle when his mother released jaime? treason is punishable by death.
p.s. i think real reason for beheading him was karstark saying something like "now our king who lost the north will give me scolding, coz that's how he deals with treason"
					
					
							Edited by rejndjer, 30 April 2013 - 07:26 AM.
3757	mafalda	2013-04-30	Not sure how the non-book reader sees it, but I feel like its becoming more and more obvious that Robb is going to croak this season...The fact that they keep referring to Sansa as "key to the north" is kind of tipping their cap a bit. As is whenever a character drops that phrase in the show so far, there is a pretty quick dismissal of Robb Stark. When Varys and Tywin mention him, it's as if they already know he's toast...Which in fact they do know already, but I'm wondering if the non-readers are picking up on it.If they haven't picked up on it by now then I don't know what! I hate all the foreshadowing they are doing, because I feel like they are ruining it. Let the audience be surprised for goodness sakes! When we were reading, I believe none of us had an idea of what was gonna happen! Or msot of us! The red wedding came as such a huge shock to me. Yeah, go ahead and slcie Robb out of the picture before he's actually dead, Tywin.I hope they cut down on this because I feel like they are also revealing some stuff from books 6 and 7. And I don't want to know ANYTHING about them until I read them. Not one thing. I haven't even read the few chapters that GRRM posted online because I want it all to be a surprise!I'm watching this episode again now and just picked up on something...Could be something that points to Talisa being a lannister spy...or could be nothing.After Robb sends Karstark to the dungeons and his mother, Edmure and Talisa are trying to get him to spare Karstark, Robb says the following to Talisa:"They were boys...You tended their wounds. Brought them supper...And now theyre dead."Obviously this is just a small piece of dialogue, and I don't necessarily believe in the whole Talisa = spy theory, but that line definitley stuck out to me.Thoughts?I'm on the "Talisa is a spy" boat, so that's my theory. I can't think of why else she would be at the Red Wedding. I'm just ready for episode 9 already!
3758	Conchobar	2013-04-30	I'm watching this episode again now and just picked up on something...Could be something that points to Talisa being a lannister spy...or could be nothing.After Robb sends Karstark to the dungeons and his mother, Edmure and Talisa are trying to get him to spare Karstark, Robb says the following to Talisa:"They were boys...You tended their wounds. Brought them supper...And now theyre dead."Obviously this is just a small piece of dialogue, and I don't necessarily believe in the whole Talisa = spy theory, but that line definitley stuck out to me.Thoughts?Well if you explained why that line was significant to you it would help /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 30 April 2013 - 08:31 AM.
3759	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Awwww Gendry. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3760	Faceless Bran	2013-04-30	Just a thought and a slightly grusome one at that but 3 dead babies in jars, all with kings blood. Could they replace the leeches?
3761	Rennie	2013-04-30	Could the scene with Jaime and Qyburn foreshadow Cersei's prophecy??
3762	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	then why didn't he follow the principle when his mother released jaime? treason is punishable by death.p.s. i think real reason for beheading him was karstark saying something like "now our king who lost the north will give me scolding, coz that's how he deals with treason"You answered the question yourself. I said it was about sending a message, not the principle. He didn't do it because he punishes treason severely as a rule. He did it because he wanted to send the message that they can't just do whatever they want. They were taking his response to his mother's actions as meaning he was soft and just gives a slap on the wrist. Who cares if we disobey him, he's just going to give us a talking to and send us on our way. Robb didn't kill Karstark because treason should be punished severely, or he would have had him hanged with the rest. He did it because he represented a thought process that he needed to nip in the bud. More of a "I can't have them thinking this way about me" rather than "what he did was wrong and is punishable by death."
3763	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I didn't notice the music, but I did notice it was raining in both scenes and the parallel of Theon following his adviser to do a thing which seals his fate while Robb NOT following his adviser to seal his fate is pretty clear.One question to ask is what else could Robb have done? Would the RW not have happened if he had just locked up Lord Karstark instead? D&D did a great job of having Karstark already get under Robb's skin by questioning his decision and saying that "You lost this war the moment you married her (gesturing at Talisa)" way back in S3E02. I'm not saying that's what made Robb takes Karstark's head but it couldn't have helped.I did think it was weird that he looked so frustrated that Karstark's army had left (hello, you killed their Lord?). What did Robb think would happen? I think the main point is that they are showing how alike Robb and Ned are--they will follow their principle and way the world *should* work over what will actually work best to get them closer to their ultimate goal.It's possible to argue that the RW wouldn't have happened. He only needs to go to the crossing because now that his forces are severely weakened, he needs to make a big play. To make that play, he needs to cross. And his forces are only weakened because he chose kill Karstark.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 30 April 2013 - 11:05 AM.
3764	JMJ	2013-04-30	The scene where Jon and Orell trade barbs, and Jon asks/threatens Orell along the lines of, "what happens to your eagle after I kill you, does it drift away like a kite with its string cut, or does it just flop to the ground?". Nice foreshadowing of (a) the Orell/Varamyr eagle killed by Mel in the second CB siege, and (/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the question of what happens to Jon when he gets stabbed? Does he warg into Ghost?
3765	Logodnica	2013-04-30	Wow. I'm gone for 24 hrs and come back to all these insightful comments on the thread. Thank you!Just a thought and a slightly grusome one at that but 3 dead babies in jars, all with kings blood. Could they replace the leeches?Ugh. *vomit* *shutter* but yea. That would make perfect sense. Maybe a scene right at the beginning of episode 9Mel does prattle on and on about king's blood. Well, here it is. All lined up in jars.
					
					
							Edited by Logodnica, 30 April 2013 - 12:01 PM.
3766	Titan	2013-04-30	The scene with Robb and KarStark could probably be better paired with Ned beheading the NW run away in the first episode.I don't see the parallel with the Theon scene.Look at this tumblr post - perhaps you will see the parallel with the Theon scene:http://bogdevils.tum...ost/49155939472
3767	BluePG	2013-04-30	I'm on the "Talisa is a spy" boat, so that's my theory. I can't think of why else she would be at the Red Wedding. I'm just ready for episode 9 already!I love the idea of Talisa being a spy! Isn't it amazing to think about how they have set that up so artfully, almost GRRM level? Or do I have too much faith in the show?Instead of Catelyn killing the fool at the RW, she can kill Talisa.
3768	shiola	2013-04-30	Instead of Catelyn killing the fool at the RW, she can kill Talisa.She kills Jinglebell because he's related to Walder Frey.  "If you kill my kin, I'll kill yours".  They don't listen so she follows through.  What's she gonna do with Talisa?  "If you kill my son, I will kill your spy who has already served her purpose and revealed herself and is of no more use to you!"  Or if it's just Cat killing Talisa purely out of grief at Robb's death...  That is not something I'd like to see.
3769	BluePG	2013-04-30	Or if it's just Cat killing Talisa purely out of grief at Robb's death...  That is not something I'd like to see.But it would be a great place to start developing Lady Stoneheart. It would show her desire for venagnce on everyone who has wronged the Starks ever.  I think for show watchers you have to have her kill someone of note to demonstrate where her head is at when she gets brought back.
3770	shiola	2013-04-30	But it would be a great place to start developing Lady Stoneheart. It would show her desire for venagnce on everyone who has wronged the Starks ever.  I think for show watchers you have to have her kill someone of note to demonstrate where her head is at when she gets brought back.Maybe.  I suppose it could work out if Talisa didn't know about the RW.  If she was in the know about all the plans, there's no way around how stupid it would be for her to stay in the room while unarmed and without any sort of armor while Stark men are raging around her.
3771	drstrangelove	2013-04-30	For whatever its worth. My friend (non-reader) believes all Robb starks problems have been a result of catlyn releasing Jamie. Not questioning the shunned betrothal at all.
3772	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Love that. Maybe that's why they've let us forget about the Freys. Catelyn did make a big deal about not getting involved with the Freys.
I've just realized, not listening to Catelyn caused two of Robb's biggest mistakes. Letting Theon go to the iron islands and then the Frey situation. But yeah that's great that they aren't questioning it. The moment will be good and shocking for them. And the fact that not listening to Catelyn messed things up, maybe there will be people who believe that the situation with Jon possibly being named heir is going to end badly too.
3773	BluePG	2013-04-30	And the fact that not listening to Catelyn messed things up, maybe there will be people who believe that the situation with Jon possibly being named heir is going to end badly too.Do we think they will stick with Robb naming Jon his heir in the show? I mean, they made it clear that Robb and Catelyn both think there is a chance Bran and Rickon are still alive. And in the books Robb only names Jon heir because he thinks there is no one else.
3774	drstrangelove	2013-04-30	Also with Robb his mistakes were a result of his youth. Trusting a "friend" and thinking with the wrong head. Both of which his mother advised against.
3775	drstrangelove	2013-04-30	Do we think they will stick with Robb naming Jon his heir in the show? I mean, they made it clear that Robb and Catelyn both think there is a chance Bran and Rickon are still alive. And in the books Robb only names Jon heir because he thinks there is no one else. Loved that scene in the book, hope it makes it to the show
							Edited by drstrangelove, 30 April 2013 - 02:29 PM.
3776	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Do we think they will stick with Robb naming Jon his heir in the show? I mean, they made it clear that Robb and Catelyn both think there is a chance Bran and Rickon are still alive. And in the books Robb only names Jon heir because he thinks there is no one else.I was thinking they'd show them discussing it and leave it up in the air if he does or not.
3777	trearu	2013-04-30	I love the idea of Talisa being a spy! Isn't it amazing to think about how they have set that up so artfully, almost GRRM level? Or do I have too much faith in the show?Do I remember the books that bad?It seemed to me George always hinted at her (or just her family) being 'spies'.
3778	BluePG	2013-04-30	Do I remember the books that bad?It seemed to me George always hinted at her (or just her family) being 'spies'.No, you're remembering somewhat correctly. In the books it is indicated that Jeyne's mother was working for Tywin. Because she makes it clear to Jamie that her daughter isn't pregnant with Robb's child because she has been slipping her Moon Tea. So while Jayne wasn't a spie, it looks like her mother kind of was.
3779	go joff go	2013-04-30	Not from this episode but I kind of thought Varys "he would watch the country burn if he could become king of the ashes" in conjunction to Dany's throneroom scene in the house of the undying was confirmation that Littlefinger will be sitting in the iron chair at some point.
3780	mafalda	2013-04-30	I love the idea of Talisa being a spy! Isn't it amazing to think about how they have set that up so artfully, almost GRRM level? Or do I have too much faith in the show?Instead of Catelyn killing the fool at the RW, she can kill Talisa.I would LOVE it if Cat kills Talisa! Since this show clearly has something against fools (no Moon boy, Butterbumps, or PATCHFACE, and Dontos got kicked to the curb!) hopefully ol' Jinglebells won't be around, and it will instead be Talisa's throat at Cat's knife.Yessss.Can you tell I am not a fan of Talisa from Volantis?
3781	Kenyatta	2013-05-01	Thoros: "It's not getting any easier you know."
Dondarrion: "I know. Every time I come back -- I'm a bit less. Pieces of you get chipped away."
Arya: "Could you bring back a man without a head. Not six times -- just once?"
Thoros: "I don't think It works that way child."
That explains a whole hell of a lot. Clearly these men's hearts go out to her. But it also explains Dondarrion's decision not to die eight times, and Thoros' reluctance to bring back a too far gone Catelyn Stark. If this was in the books I missed it. But then again, I didn't know what was coming like I do now so I probably didn't give it the consideration it deserved.
3782	Dove	2013-05-01	I'm not sure it was intended as foreshadowing but after you get over the "Awww /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />"-factor of Arya asking about bringing back a man without a head, I couldn't help but think of Robert Strong.
3783	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	Does Shireen singing Patchface's song in the credits count as foreshadowing?
3784	SerMixalot	2013-05-01	Tywin is working with Bolton
Tywin "Theon Greyjoy killed the 2 Stark boys"
The only one who KNOWS this is Ramsey, thus Roose.
Not even Cat and Robb know this right now.
3785	mi recuerdo en tus ojos	2013-05-01	My apologies if this has been mentioned already, but I wonder if the decision the showrunners made to highlight that Jaime was against his father's plan to turn against Aerys and sack the city (and leading to the gruesome member of the Targaryen royal family), but was still judged as complicit and the worst sort of scum imaginable is not foreshadowing of sorts for what will happen with the Red Wedding. I wouldn't be surprised if Jaime is the one who formally secures the alliance with Roose Bolton having no clue that there's already a plot to slaughter the Starks - a plot masterminded by daddy, of course- but, thanks to Bolton's glee at fucking with his audience and the infamous "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" (they are SO doing that line), he is regarded as having been a part of the conspiracy all along. It spells out things very clearly for the audience if S4 and 5 is all about Lady Stoneheart wanting HIS head above everyone else. I wouldn't be surprised if Jaime and Brienne's last scene this season is when they receive word of the RW.
3786	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Tywin is working with BoltonTywin "Theon Greyjoy killed the 2 Stark boys"The only one who KNOWS this is Ramsey, thus Roose.Not even Cat and Robb know this right now.Ramsey is the one who knows Theon DID NOT kill them.  The putative Stark boys' bodies were on display in Winterfell, publicly so, the point of it was showing Theon was a hardass.  There is no reason to believe that word of that did not make it outside the walls of Winterfell before it was burned.
3787	Tyrion4President	2013-05-01	I didn't notice the music, but I did notice it was raining in both scenes and the parallel of Theon following his adviser to do a thing which seals his fate while Robb NOT following his adviser to seal his fate is pretty clear.One question to ask is what else could Robb have done? Would the RW not have happened if he had just locked up Lord Karstark instead? D&D did a great job of having Karstark already get under Robb's skin by questioning his decision and saying that "You lost this war the moment you married her (gesturing at Talisa)" way back in S3E02. I'm not saying that's what made Robb takes Karstark's head but it couldn't have helped.I did think it was weird that he looked so frustrated that Karstark's army had left (hello, you killed their Lord?). What did Robb think would happen? I think the main point is that they are showing how alike Robb and Ned are--they will follow their principle and way the world *should* work over what will actually work best to get them closer to their ultimate goal.I find it funny that GRRM kind of gives the impression that honor and morals end up getting you killed. He did it with Ned, he did it with Robb, he did it when Bronn fought the guy for Tyrion in the Eerie and he did it with Rhaegar. Hes sending the message that playing fair only gets you so far
3788	drstrangelove	2013-05-01	I find it funny that GRRM kind of gives the impression that honor and morals end up getting you killed. He did it with Ned, he did it with Robb, he did it when Bronn fought the guy for Tyrion in the Eerie and he did it with Rhaegar. Hes sending the message that playing fair only gets you so farPretty sure Robb's lack of honor is what got him killed. RW is a result of him choosing lust over honor.  And I'm not really sure what rheagar and lyanna running off together when he's already married and she is engaged has to do with honor.
3789	Dareaper	2013-05-01	I may have misheard, and i think i need to rewatch to know, but it was either tryion or little finger that made a comment about joffery that was something like "well i hope he enjoys his wine and pie"  I saw that as a huge for shadowing.  But will admit i might of misheard and am misremembering that scene.
3790	Tyrion4President	2013-05-01	Pretty sure Robb's lack of honor is what got him killed. RW is a result of him choosing lust over honor.  And I'm not really sure what rheagar and lyanna running off together when he's already married and she is engaged has to do with honor."Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly, Rhaegar fought bravely. And Rhaegar died. "
3791	Sun	2013-05-01	Tywin is working with BoltonTywin "Theon Greyjoy killed the 2 Stark boys"The only one who KNOWS this is Ramsey, thus Roose.Not even Cat and Robb know this right now.I didn't catch that clue. Well done!
3792	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	I've just found out the music during Theon and Robb executions is called Pay the Iron Price. Yep, Robb will pay the iron price for this decision...
Oi, I just noticed another parallel. Rodrik spits in Theon's face and gets hit for it, Karstark gets punched for calling Robb "boy"
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 01 May 2013 - 01:13 PM.
3793	AliKat	2013-05-01	Just remember in the books the Karstark men had already departed Riverrun before Robb killed their lord. In the show it happened after the fact. So to me that was another case of Robb doing it in the book made more sense than on the show because Robb did it honorably because they committed treason and betrayed his cause for justice by murdering innocent boys of his enemy's armies - much like the Targ children deaths that his father could never forgive Robert for allowing - and he did it knowing that Karstark had sent his men away beforehand. So Robb was screwed already in the book and decided to act with honor and behead him. On the show, he had more on the line and it looks like he took a stupid risk and lost the Karstark men just because he was pissed that Lord Karstark betrayed him. Something his mother had done and hadn't been killed for. In the books his wife and her family were not present but all of Robb's bannermen were there when Karstark were brought in and they all wanted Karstark's head but his mother, uncle, and great-uncle (Riverlords not Northmen) suggested him being a prisoner. In the show they should have made it so that the Karstark men had already left camp and Robb's bannermen from the North were supportive of it. Talisa should have stayed out of the conversation and allowed his mother to argue for compassion, because even though that seems wise now, if Catelyn did it before it could have been her own guilt talking because Karstark pretty much blamed the murders on her since she let Jaime go. Talisa arguing for him to be spared was just out of place since she doesn't even know Westerosi customs. I honestly think they want to show her as a peace loving hippy who wants no more death but surely they realize they can't do that - her husband is a king in a war. Not to mention the North is very strict with their honor and believe in justice. Robb's execution of Lord Karstark was justice despite the fact he lost men because of it. And the show didn't make that clear.
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 01 May 2013 - 01:37 PM.
3794	Frumpus	2013-05-01	Considering Arya transforms into a full blooded assassin, I seriously doubt settling down with Gendry is what GRRM has in mind for her.I also doubt Arya will ever return to Westeros. Her fate lies in whatever she's fated to do in Essos.Robb's execution of Lord Karstark was justice despite the fact he lost men because of it. And the show didn't make that clear.Justice is an arbitrary thing. If he's willing to execute Karstark purely in the name of justice, why didn't he execute his mother when she betrayed him?It rightfully depicted his decision to off Karstark as one he did out of honour - which is one of his character flaws. Honour is a worthless attribute that people strive for. Honour is what caused him to marry Jeyne Westerling in the books even though he did not love her (he only slept with her out of grief). Rather than do the right thing - which was spare Karstark in order to not fragment his army - he did the wrong thing out of honour.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 01 May 2013 - 01:50 PM.
3795	Belacel	2013-05-01	It rightfully depicted his decision to off Karstark as one he did out of honour - which is one of his character flaws. Honour is a worthless attribute that people strive for. Honour is what caused him to marry Jeyne Westerling in the books even though he did not love her (he only slept with her out of grief). Rather than do the right thing - which was spare Karstark in order to not fragment his army - he did the wrong thing out of honour.Good analysis. In another post, I pointed out that Robb's essential flaw, from which a cascade of bad or right decisions follow, was that he chose his heart over his head. But indeed, he married Jeyne because "it was the only honorable thing to do". His misrepresentation of what "honour" should be seems to be his major flaw. There would have been honour too in going through with the Frey wedding.
3796	AliKat	2013-05-01	Good analysis. In another post, I pointed out that Robb's essential flaw, from which a cascade of bad or right decisions follow, was that he chose his heart over his head. But indeed, he married Jeyne because "it was the only honorable thing to do". His misrepresentation of what "honour" should be seems to be his major flaw. There would have been honour too in going through with the Frey wedding.Okay - there seems to be a recurring theme - Robb's honor gets him killed. Ned's honor gets him killed. Jon's honor is  what got him stabbed. However, Rickon has no honor really because he's too young to understand the concept, Arya's honor has been driven out of her - yet she killed the NW guy because he deserted the NW, something she considered honorable. Lyanna possibly abandoned her honor leading to the war (if she ran away vs. was kidnapped). Benjen is honorable at the Wall and it might have led to his death. One person I'm not sure of is Sansa - does she have honor or is hers more duty and attempting to be 'good'. I see her and Cat as being more devoted to their duties than honor. Cat would be willing to act with dishonor if it meant protecting her family or her duty.So is honor a good thing in GRRM's world? Yes it makes them the heroes and fans like them because they're really the 'good guys' but at the same time even Stark loyalists like myself will admit that Ned shouldn't have confronted Cersei - he should have put his family's safety before the realm and the honorable thing to do in regards to Cersei and her children. And I regret that Robb's honor in regards to Jeyne got him killed. So I find myself questioning if the Starks are not just a horrible cliche of bad things happening to good people and rooting for them is a) a vote for something FAIR in this world and b.) a lost cause because GRRM doesn't want to be fair, he wants to be realistic. And in the real world people like Cersei get ahead and people like Robb and Ned end up dead.
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 01 May 2013 - 03:10 PM.
3797	Areo Speedwagon	2013-05-01	Okay - there seems to be a recurring theme - Robb's honor gets him killed. Ned's honor gets him killed. Jon's honor is  what got him stabbed. However, Rickon has no honor really because he's too young to understand the concept, Arya's honor has been driven out of her - yet she killed the NW guy because he deserted the NW, something she considered honorable. Lyanna possibly abandoned her honor leading to the war (if she ran away vs. was kidnapped). Benjen is honorable at the Wall and it might have led to his death. One person I'm not sure of is Sansa - does she have honor or is hers more duty and attempting to be 'good'. I see her and Cat as being more devoted to their duties than honor. Cat would be willing to act with dishonor if it meant protecting her family or her duty.So is honor a good thing in GRRM's world? Yes it makes them the heroes and fans like them because they're really the 'good guys' but at the same time even Stark loyalists like myself will admit that Ned shouldn't have confronted Cersei - he should have put his family's safety before the realm and the honorable thing to do in regards to Cersei and her children. And I regret that Robb's honor in regards to Jeyne got him killed. So I find myself questioning if the Starks are not just a horrible cliche of bad things happening to good people and rooting for them is a) a vote for something FAIR in this world and b.) a lost cause because GRRM doesn't want to be fair, he wants to be realistic. And in the real world people like Cersei get ahead and people like Robb and Ned end up dead.With a few exceptions, it seems the consensus on this board is shifting toward honor being to blame for the demise of the Starks/those who have honor.  I take issue there.  It doesn't seem to me to be honor so much as legalism that dooms the Starks.  A blind and excessive conformity to an idea is what got them killed.  They firmly believed that "honor = x, and nothing else."I took it as Martin showing us that blindly adhering to or following a 'good' principle, can cloud our judgement and maybe even corrupt us just as surely as can greed or lust or envy.  The point being, as with Stannis, inflexibility leads to demise.In regards to Catelyn -- I just REALLY hope we get her crawling towards him, spewing "I will kill you Walder Frey..."
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 01 May 2013 - 03:23 PM.
3798	Logodnica	2013-05-01	Look at this tumblr post - perhaps you will see the parallel with the Theon scene:http://bogdevils.tum...ost/49155939472The episode writer said in an interview that it was the only scene where they made fake rain. They obviously thought having the rain there would be important. So I have to agree it parallels Theon and foreshadows disaster for Robb
3799	Logodnica	2013-05-01	Thoros: "It's not getting any easier you know."Dondarrion: "I know. Every time I come back -- I'm a bit less. Pieces of you get chipped away."Arya: "Could you bring back a man without a head. Not six times -- just once?"Thoros: "I don't think It works that way child."That explains a whole hell of a lot. Clearly these men's hearts go out to her. But it also explains Dondarrion's decision not to die eight times, and Thoros' reluctance to bring back a too far gone Catelyn Stark. If this was in the books I missed it. But then again, I didn't know what was coming like I do now so I probably didn't give it the consideration it deserved.Also making it clear they won't be able to bring back Robb, bc you know fans will be begging for him to be resurrected
					
					
							Edited by Logodnica, 01 May 2013 - 03:40 PM.
3800	AliKat	2013-05-01	Also making it clear they won't be able to bring back Robb, bc you know fans will be begging for him to be resurrectedRobb was beheaded before they found Cat. Although someone on Tumblr was wanting Robb to be resurrected WITH Grey Wind's head rather than resurrecting Cat. *smh*
3801	SerMixalot	2013-05-01	With a few exceptions, it seems the consensus on this board is shifting toward honor being to blame for the demise of the Starks/those who have honor.  I take issue there.  It doesn't seem to me to be honor so much as legalism that dooms the Starks.  A blind and excessive conformity to an idea is what got them killed.  They firmly believed that "honor = x, and nothing else."I took it as Martin showing us that blindly adhering to or following a 'good' principle, can cloud our judgement and maybe even corrupt us just as surely as can greed or lust or envy.  The point being, as with Stannis, inflexibility leads to demise.In regards to Catelyn -- I just REALLY hope we get her crawling towards him, spewing "I will kill you Walder Frey..."I think GRRM is being far more subtle than that.  I think he is saying that honor (or a strict moral code) can result in irredeemable conflicts that will lead to tragedy=a very interesting statement on morality and good and evil.   Ned ended up in a lose lose situation because he was forced to deal with people with no honor or perhaps a different set of ideals-a group of ends justifies the means mindset (certainly wit h Cersei-her love for her children and power, we still dont know what LF is up to)  The tragedies that the Lannisters suffer show that that set of morality is just as self destructive-ie evil does not pay.  I believe Ned would have made the same decisions even if he knew what would happen. WRT Robb, GRRM is presenting a classic tragic hero (or perhaps his own version of a classic tragic hero because circumstances as much as an inherent flaw leads to his  Ned like dilemna, but once that mistake is made his honor turns against him)-someone who is flawless until he makes one mistake in extremis of grief and injury. From then on it is all defeat and loss leading to the RW..
3802	Areo Speedwagon	2013-05-02	snipDon't really have much to add, as I agree.  Especially your bit about the Lannisters and Robb.  That's what I was getting at with my second paragraph.Not quite so sure about the comment that Ned would do it all over again, knowing the outcome.  Ned isn't Stannis.  At least from what we've seen, he is capable of 'bending.'  And if R+L=J, his honor is in no way inflexible, same, in fact, goes if J's mom is Wylla.  With that, I don't think Ned would have done the same thing knowing it was to lead to the brutal treatment Sansa, the insanity and violence Arya has/will experience, the sack of Winterfell, the RW, etc.  I think he would have taken the black and kept his mouth shut.  I think he would have eventually found a certain honor in that charge.  He did when it came to L - "promise me."
3803	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-04	I find it funny that GRRM kind of gives the impression that honor and morals end up getting you killed. He did it with Ned, he did it with Robb, he did it when Bronn fought the guy for Tyrion in the Eerie and he did it with Rhaegar. Hes sending the message that playing fair only gets you so farIt's not that honor or morales that gets you killed, it's sticking to what you believe in. Ned in his last moments gave up everything he believed in and proclaimed himself a traitor to everyone. Yes he did it for his daughter etc etc, but in the realms of mythology, you do not give up what you believe without being punished for it. And in myth, the most honourable ones get punished the hardest for their mistakes. This is why Ned was killed. You even see the scene with Ned telling Arya that she will be a lady and have sons and daughters etc and she just says that it's not her, and goes back to training. She doesn't care what others think but sticks to what she believes in. Ned should have taken a leaf out of her book...
3804	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	It's not that honor or morales that gets you killed, it's sticking to what you believe in. Ned in his last moments gave up everything he believed in and proclaimed himself a traitor to everyone. Yes he did it for his daughter etc etc, but in the realms of mythology, you do not give up what you believe without being punished for it. And in myth, the most honourable ones get punished the hardest for their mistakes. This is why Ned was killed. You even see the scene with Ned telling Arya that she will be a lady and have sons and daughters etc and she just says that it's not her, and goes back to training. She doesn't care what others think but sticks to what she believes in. Ned should have taken a leaf out of her book...Uhh, Ned would've died either way. The point to me is that honor or dishonor won't save you either way. You choose how you go out in this world because no matter what, Valar Morghulis. While honor can get you killed quickly, it's still the better way to go in the long run. People will rally and fight behind honor for generations, where greed and dishonor will only last so long. This is of course assuming that the North does rally behind the remaining Stark (Rickon, maybe even Jon if the northern conspiracy is true) and the Lannister legacy is destroyed. Both of these things seem most likely to happen.
3805	Delmas	2013-04-29	I loved the scene with grey worm, wish it would have been longer.
He is to become the commander of danys army correct?
Will we see a battle with him this season?  If not when do you think it will happen?
3806	Envie	2013-04-30	I'm surprised more people haven't commented on another great Dany scene. Maybe after the epic Dracarys scene of last week, the Grey Worm scene was less noteworthy perhaps. I was thrilled to hear more beautiful Valyrian language coming out of Emilia Clarke, she's so very talented at it (though she did perfect with Dothraki too!).
Grey Worm is a notable character and I'm very happy they cast him and kept his dialogue almost exactly from the book. He was chosen, by all of the other Unsullied, as their leader when Dany requested a commander step forward. They previously had none and I don't remember now why he was chosen above all others but I remember the unsullied themselves selected him.
3807	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	Definitely the most underrated scene of the episode, Grey Worm was awesome. Great to more Valyrian from Dany.
3808	Nezzer	2013-04-30	In the second trailer you can see a battle where Jorah, Grey Worm and Daario are fighting Yunkishmen.
And yeah, very underrated scene. Valyrian is really incredible. Emilia Clarke is doing a great job speaking it, and there were many words that are almost impossible for me to pronounce.
3809	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-30	Good scene.
The jorah and Selmy scene was good also.
3810	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Grey Worm is by far my favorite minor(ish) character in dany's storyline. so it's cool that the seemingly picked a great actor to portray him. Clarke has been killing it with the varlyrian,sounds like a real hard language to speak and has it mastered.
3811	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-01	Dany's storyline is full with nice colourful characters. Grey Worm is just one of them.
3812	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-05-01	I thought the actor (and most of the unsullied) were far too scrawny. 
Grey Worm in particular had tiny arms.
3813	Envie	2013-05-01	I thought the actor (and most of the unsullied) were far too scrawny.Grey Worm in particular had tiny arms.Astapor does not have a Gold's Gym and steroids for slave soldiers. Unsullied are also castrated young men and boys, mostly - what should they look like?
3814	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-01	they looked pretty much how i thought they would.
3815	Delmas	2013-05-01	Astapor does not have a Gold's Gym and steroids for slave soldiers. Unsullied are also castrated young men and boys, mostly - what should they look like?Much like they do.You do not need enormous biceps to shove a spear into somebodys torso
3816	Dove	2013-05-01	The strength of the Unsullied isn't sheer muscle or size or they wouldn't have been castrated, it's their rigorous discipline and the absolute control that their masters have over them and the whole eunuch thing is a big part of that. It limits their physical growth in the long run/makes them prone to fatten up on soft jobs but it's an important part of their "training", putting them into the whole mindset and limiting certain biological impulses. It makes sense that a lot of them would be smallish in stature.
edit: also Grey Worm was cool /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 01 May 2013 - 01:07 AM.
3817	FattyPeon	2013-05-01	The whole "Grey Worm is a lucky name" thing hit me so fkn hard in the books that I had to put it down and sob about how awesome Dany is. It was great on screen too its just that, it doesn't quite make sense, since in the show the Unsullied weren't changing their names every day.
Grey Worm being a lucky name due to it being his name the DAY Dany set him free, as opposed to Grey Worm being his name the DECADE Dany set him free.. I dunno. One extra line of dialogue was all it would've taken.
					
					
							Edited by FattyPeon, 01 May 2013 - 01:42 AM.
3818	Sun	2013-05-01	I hated that scene. I thought it lacked emotional impact. In an episode charged chock-full with high impact scenes, the Grey Worm/Dany interaction felt emotionally feeble. Also, the actor playing Grey Worm struck me as a miscast, lacking an essential sense of gravitas that I associated with Grey Worm in the books.
3819	Bungholes First	2013-05-01	I thought the actor (and most of the unsullied) were far too scrawny.Grey Worm in particular had tiny arms.Some of the soldiers were tall and some were short. They ranged in age from fourteen to twenty, she judged. Their cheeks were smooth, and their eyes all the same, be they black or brown or blue or grey or amber. They are like one man, Dany thought, until she remembered that they were no men at all. The Unsullied were eunuchs, every one of them. <U+0080><U+009C>Why do you cut them?<U+0080><U+009D> she asked Kraznys through the slave girl. <U+0080><U+009C>Whole men are stronger than eunuchs, I have always heard.<U+0080><U+009D> <U+0080><U+009C>A eunuch who is cut young will never have the brute strength of one of your Westerosi knights, this is true,<U+0080><U+009D> said Kraznys mo Nakloz when the question was put to him. <U+0080><U+009C>A bull is strong as well, but bulls die every day in the fighting pits. A girl of nine killed one not three days past in Jothiel<U+0080><U+0099>s Pit. The Unsullied have something better than strength, tell her. They have discipline. We fight in the fashion of the Old Empire, yes. They are the lockstep legions of Old Ghis come again, absolutely obedient, absolutely loyal, and utterly without fear.<U+0080><U+009D>I absolutely loved the Dany scene. From the way it transitioned from Shireen's story about Aegon, to Jorah and Barristan's friendly reminisces that turn into a rivalry to the introduction of Grey Worm. I always pictured the Unsullied as emotionless robots whose humanity had been broken from their years of abuse and the drugs they take. However it was an interesting different perspective to see that Grey Worm was somewhat emotional and almost teary eyed when he shared his story.I also noticed a similar physical appearance to Missandei, and in the books Missandei mentioned that some of her brothers were Unsullied in Dany's ranks. I wonder if they are going for a reveal later on between them?
					
					
							Edited by Bungholes First, 01 May 2013 - 02:16 AM.
3820	Winter's Knight	2013-05-01	The whole "Grey Worm is a lucky name" thing hit me so fkn hard in the books that I had to put it down and sob about how awesome Dany is. It was great on screen too its just that, it doesn't quite make sense, since in the show the Unsullied weren't changing their names every day.Grey Worm being a lucky name due to it being his name the DAY Dany set him free, as opposed to Grey Worm being his name the DECADE Dany set him free.. I dunno. One extra line of dialogue was all it would've taken.It was more "my birth name bought me nothing but pain and humiliation but my slave name bought me freedom and vengeance" see?
3821	King Tyrion I	2013-05-01	Definitely the most underrated scene of the episode, Grey Worm was awesome. Great to more Valyrian from Dany.Oh yes, I liked that scene as well.
3822	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	I thought it was pretty powerful, and necessary as well, to remind us the Unsullied are actually still human.
3823	Net-Viper X	2013-05-01	Watching the episodes back to back I think that Gray Worm is the same guy that gets his nipple cut off, going by his voice.
3824	Arkash	2013-05-01	Ha, I'm not the only one who loved the Grey Worm scene and yeah it is logical that he's not a massive bulk of sorts.
3825	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	It was a good scene, though I wish they kept the changing of the names in the show. But this is a minor deviation.
3826	boojam	2013-05-01	I loved the scene with grey worm, wish it would have been longer.He is to become the commander of danys army correct?Will we see a battle with him this season?  If not when do you think it will happen?Yes this is true. Same in the book. With an army of 8000 + , Grey Worm must have selected his captains , tho I don't remember George ever mentioning it in the books, guess we just take it for granted.It's a bit odd how how GRRM paints the Unsullied as , sort of, lean mean fighting machines , but with no officers . I don't know how they were supposed to operate in the field without flexibility , which effective armies have. (Think of Napoleon , his captains hardly ever seem to get mentioned , same with Alexander the Great.) Maybe when a group of Unsullied that big were sold , who ever bought them put sell-sword captains over the ranks?Anyway not the point.In the sequence in episode 5,  David Peterson's blog traces the evolution of his interaction with the film crew and how things get mixed up. Only real aficionados of language would care , but here is some of what he says. Apparently that scene with Dany underwent three different script changes. Peterson was asked to translate words into Valyrian, but when he watched the scene he says the subtitles were correct but part the Valyrian got scrambled in places for Dany. Peterson is never on set , so emails are exchanged and sometimes things get mixed up. O well, that's really trivia to us non Valyrian speakers! Peterson did say that the Valyrian spoken at the end of episode 4 had only the most tiny of glitches in it.Now to the point. Peterson's said he was flabbergasted by Jacob Anderson, who plays Grey Worm. He says Anderson nailed the Valyrian in his speech so well he could hardly believe it. Peterson says he usually picks up small slips on vowels or other things , but with Anderson. Speaks Valyrian as well as Peterson.You know the end of episode 4 was unusual , once Emilia starts speaking Valyrian she never says a word in common tongue. I noticed that the first season there were a few long scenes in Dothraki , but just when one might have expected it to go on actors dropped back into common tongue, seemingly to try to avoid those dreaded subtitles.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2013 - 05:31 AM.
3827	lunadangelo	2013-05-01	I really liked the scene. I have to admit that I had my doubts, when they cast Jacob Anderson. He looked so baby faced. But it looks to me as though he has grown a few inches since then and and has been down the gym. Whilst not bulky, he looks well toned, just as I had imagined Grey Worm. Moreover his acting in my view made him come across as quite a strong dignified person.
I was really impressed.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 01 May 2013 - 05:41 AM.
3828	Mulled Wino	2013-05-01	I cant believe people still think muscles=toughnesa or fighting ability.
It was a great scene.  People need to understand that the blood of the dragon should not be out in public breaking down and getting emotional.  
Whats even less realistic is to expect an emotional scene involving unsullied.  
For chrissake, its like if there isn't blubbering and groveling, a scene can't be human.
I thought that the scene was near flawless, like the rest of Dany's scenes this season.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 01 May 2013 - 07:02 AM.
3829	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	Yes this is true. Same in the book. With an army of 8000 + , Grey Worm must have selected his captains , tho I don't remember George ever mentioning it in the books, guess we just take it for granted.It's a bit odd how how GRRM paints the Unsullied as , sort of, lean mean fighting machines , but with no officers . I don't know how they were supposed to operate in the field without flexibility , which effective armies have. (Think of Napoleon , his captains hardly ever seem to get mentioned , same with Alexander the Great.) Maybe when a group of Unsullied that big were sold , who ever bought them put sell-sword captains over the ranks?I thought in the books command rotated from day to day as their names did. They didn't have command structure as we think of it becausea) they were usually sold off in small unitsb.) and the slave masters expected them all to do as they were told so no chain of command was requiredGrey Worm was 'in charge' the day Dany freed them so they chose him for the same reasons they kept their names. It could be considered lucky, or it could be from fatalism due to their inability to be able to think a free thought.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 01 May 2013 - 06:59 AM.
3830	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Yes this is true. Same in the book. With an army of 8000 + , Grey Worm must have selected his captains , tho I don't remember George ever mentioning it in the books, guess we just take it for granted.It's a bit odd how how GRRM paints the Unsullied as , sort of, lean mean fighting machines , but with no officers . I don't know how they were supposed to operate in the field without flexibility , which effective armies have. (Think of Napoleon , his captains hardly ever seem to get mentioned , same with Alexander the Great.) Maybe when a group of Unsullied that big were sold , who ever bought them put sell-sword captains over the ranks?I believe in the book, Krazny indicates owners set their own officers over them.  Which makes sense...SLAVE soldiers who are conditioned to pure obedience, to complete lack of free will, would make poor officers, assessing situations, making their own decisions, then issuing orders.
3831	Zar Lannister	2013-05-01	They Grey Worm scene was excellent. I didn't think it was devoid of emotion at all. I think it depicted very well Grey Worm's sentiments about his Unsullied "Vermin Name" pride. The actor looked like what I would have expected an unsullied to look like, Daenerys' disgust for the Slaver Bay practices evident. Very much pleased.
3832	BlackTalon	2013-05-01	The strength of the Unsullied isn't sheer muscle or size or they wouldn't have been castrated, it's their rigorous discipline and the absolute control that their masters have over them and the whole eunuch thing is a big part of that. It limits their physical growth in the long run/makes them prone to fatten up on soft jobs but it's an important part of their "training", putting them into the whole mindset and limiting certain biological impulses. It makes sense that a lot of them would be smallish in stature.I read a scientific article not too long ago about how, strangely, castration actually makes men grow taller and heavier (not stronger, though). Almost seems paradoxical because one tends to think of as eunuchs as "lesser" and "defective" men. Not that I think the show should have considered that in the casting, that would have been ridiculous. Just an interesting tidbit/factoid that surprised me when I heard it.
3833	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I thought it was a great scene on and on re-watch I noticed that the actor playing Grey Worm was amazing with his Valyrian too.  I know Emilia Clarke is getting tons of praise for her use of it (rightfully so) but this young man pulled it off exceptionally well, too.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 01 May 2013 - 09:23 AM.
3834	A Ricky of Ice and Fire	2013-05-01	Also, since the Unsullied seem to be at least partly inspired by Greek Hoplites and Spartans, their size makes a lot of sense.
Spartans were very small people, many of them only just over the 5 foot mark.
					
					
							Edited by A Ricky of Ice and Fire, 01 May 2013 - 09:36 AM.
3835	Quivver	2013-05-01	I loved the scene.
But I do wish that they would have kept the Unsullied name process the same as in the books.  Would have given a greater impact of how controlled they are, since they never explained the full course of their training, with the puppies and babies thing.
I did picture the unsullied being somewhat chunkier, as in the books it was mentioned that eunuchs tend to put on more fat.
3836	PatrickStormborn	2013-05-01	It was the highlight of the episode for me. "It was the name I had the day Daenerys Stormborn set me free" (paraphrasing) is one of my favourite lines in the book and it was equally powerful on screen despite the minor change.
My only issue with Dany's scenes so far this season is that she's come across as quite cold apart from in her first scene. I think there are two reasons for that: Missandei has been aged up so we don't get the sort of mother/daughter relationship we do in the book, and all of Dany's scenes have been when she's in "Queen" mode. I think we really need a more intimate scene to remind the audience of Dany's compassion.
3837	Envie	2013-05-01	Some of the soldiers were tall and some were short. They ranged in age from fourteen to twenty, she judged. Their cheeks were smooth, and their eyes all the same, be they black or brown or blue or grey or amber. They are like one man, Dany thought, until she remembered that they were no men at all. The Unsullied were eunuchs, every one of them. <U+0080><U+009C>Why do you cut them?<U+0080><U+009D> she asked Kraznys through the slave girl. <U+0080><U+009C>Whole men are stronger than eunuchs, I have always heard.<U+0080><U+009D> <U+0080><U+009C>A eunuch who is cut young will never have the brute strength of one of your Westerosi knights, this is true,<U+0080><U+009D> said Kraznys mo Nakloz when the question was put to him. <U+0080><U+009C>A bull is strong as well, but bulls die every day in the fighting pits. A girl of nine killed one not three days past in Jothiel<U+0080><U+0099>s Pit. The Unsullied have something better than strength, tell her. They have discipline. We fight in the fashion of the Old Empire, yes. They are the lockstep legions of Old Ghis come again, absolutely obedient, absolutely loyal, and utterly without fear.<U+0080><U+009D>Thank you for looking up the exact wording from the books, that's SO much better (of course GRRM would have said it best) than any explanations we try to give as to why they chose to make the Unsullied soldiers look the way they did and not giant strapping hulks. I also particularly like the comparison to bull fighters. The Bravosi fighting style taught to Arya by Syrio is also a perfect example of how size does not matter particularly when you're fighting against a large armored opponent. The theme is further exampled with Bronn's fight against Ser Vardis at the Eyrie. Speed and agility are often much better than muscle.
3838	Gannicus	2013-05-01	Great scene.
Great character.
3839	anon76returns	2013-05-01	It was the highlight of the episode for me. "It was the name I had the day Daenerys Stormborn set me free" (paraphrasing) is one of my favourite lines in the book and it was equally powerful on screen despite the minor change.My only issue with Dany's scenes so far this season is that she's come across as quite cold apart from in her first scene. I think there are two reasons for that: Missandei has been aged up so we don't get the sort of mother/daughter relationship we do in the book, and all of Dany's scenes have been when she's in "Queen" mode. I think we really need a more intimate scene to remind the audience of Dany's compassion.Dany's 16 in the beginning of the books, with Missandei being 10, right?  Mother-daughter for a 6 year age difference seems like an odd characterization.  Certainly Dany comforts her from time to time, but considering Missandei's intellectual prowess, I'd say the relationship was more as sisters.  A southern equivalent to Jon & Sam, if you will.
3840	The Night's Prince	2013-05-01	I hated that scene. I thought it lacked emotional impact. In an episode charged chock-full with high impact scenes, the Grey Worm/Dany interaction felt emotionally feeble. Also, the actor playing Grey Worm struck me as a miscast, lacking an essential sense of gravitas that I associated with Grey Worm in the books.LOL you even have no idea what you just said. You're one of those people that don't like anything unless it's done your way huh?
3841	Sun	2013-05-01	LOL you even have no idea what you just said. You're one of those people that don't like anything unless it's done your way huh?No. It's blatantly obvious that you have no idea what I said.
3842	Imp Riker	2013-05-01	I thought it was a very well done scene and Grey Worm looks pretty close to what I had imagined him looking like. That being said, I saw people speculating on twitter that Grey Worm would be a new romantic interest for Dany (or Khaleesi, smh), which just confuses the hell out of me. I thought the show made it pretty clear that the Unsullied were all castrated. Guess not.
3843	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	Astapor does not have a Gold's Gym and steroids for slave soldiers. Unsullied are also castrated young men and boys, mostly - what should they look like?They won't be Schwartzeneggers, but given that they have been training with a variety of weapons their entire lives, they should at least look wiry strong.  This dude looked like a pampered male model who hadn't done a day's labor in his life.  So yeah, the lack of physicality struck me as well.
3844	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	I thought it was a very well done scene and Grey Worm looks pretty close to what I had imagined him looking like. That being said, I saw people speculating on twitter that Grey Worm would be a new romantic interest for Dany (or Khaleesi, smh), which just confuses the hell out of me. I thought the show made it pretty clear that the Unsullied were all castrated. Guess not.Why would being castrated mean he couldn't be a romantic interest? It might complicate a sexual relationship, but those are not synonyms...
3845	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-01	Why would being castrated mean he couldn't be a romantic interest? It might complicate a sexual relationship, but those are not synonyms...The Unsullied are castrated root and stem. One shouldn't be much of a romantic interest. Especially with Dany, who has political reasons as well as sexual ones to avoid Unsullied as lovers.
3846	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	The Bravosi fighting style taught to Arya by Syrio is also a perfect example of how size does not matter particularly when you're fighting against a large armored opponent. The theme is further exampled with Bronn's fight against Ser Vardis at the Eyrie. Speed and agility are often much better than muscle.In fiction, yeah, in real life, not so much. There's a reason fighting sports have something like weight classes, and being big and muscular =/= being big dumb and slow as such characters usually are in fiction. Take Bas Rutten, for example. The picture of the big, slow fighter is commonly a fallacy: a lifetime of fighting and training made knights into dangerous killing machines who dominated European battlefields for centuries, and their armour made them nowhere as immobile as it is often portrayed.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 May 2013 - 01:06 PM.
3847	Raion Laion	2013-05-01	The Unsullied are castrated root and stem. One shouldn't be much of a romantic interest. Especially with Dany, who has political reasons as well as sexual ones to avoid Unsullied as lovers.Well, they call her Mother of Dragons. Spouse to Ghost Junks wouldn't be such a strange title.
3848	Arkash	2013-05-01	Well, they call her Mother of Dragons. Spouse to Ghost Junks wouldn't be such a strange title.You made my evening ! ^^You almost made my day but FaB and his twitter recap at WiC made it first ! ^^
3849	espec22	2013-05-01	I would like to mention that the name Grey Worm In Valyrian sounds like TORO CORNUDO, which is spanish  for 'Horned Bull'.
I laughed very hard with my friend when we listened  that part.
3850	Unhit	2013-05-01	In fiction, yeah, in real life, not so much. There's a reason fighting sports have something like weight classes, and being big and muscular =/= being big dumb and slow as such characters usually are in fiction. Take Bas Rutten, for example. The picture of the big, slow fighter is commonly a fallacy: a lifetime of fighting and training made knights into dangerous killing machines who dominated European battlefields for centuries, and their armour made them nowhere as immobile as it is often portrayed.Many fighting sports, yes, but that doesn't apply to those using weapons, especially fencing, to name a counterpart.Also, everyone who ever played WarCraft III knows that agility heroes were so much stronger than strength heroes! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Unhit, 01 May 2013 - 05:06 PM.
3851	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-05-01	In fiction, yeah, in real life, not so much. There's a reason fighting sports have something like weight classes, and being big and muscular =/= being big dumb and slow as such characters usually are in fiction. Take Bas Rutten, for example. The picture of the big, slow fighter is commonly a fallacy: a lifetime of fighting and training made knights into dangerous killing machines who dominated European battlefields for centuries, and their armour made them nowhere as immobile as it is often portrayed.I don't know about you, but I wouldn't want to face Mighty Mouse armed with a blade. He'd cut you to pieces or drive a spear through your neck before you can blink.
3852	Envie	2013-05-01	In fiction, yeah, in real life, not so much. There's a reason fighting sports have something like weight classes, and being big and muscular =/= being big dumb and slow as such characters usually are in fiction. Take Bas Rutten, for example. The picture of the big, slow fighter is commonly a fallacy: a lifetime of fighting and training made knights into dangerous killing machines who dominated European battlefields for centuries, and their armour made them nowhere as immobile as it is often portrayed.Sure, in boxing, wrestling, etc. there's a need / requirement for size and weight classes - but that's an organized sport and what we're talking about here is nothing even remotely close to it. The fight between Bronn and Ser Vardis is really a better example. Whereas the knight had been trained in 'classical' combat with sword and shield and heavy armor, Bronn was more of a street fighter, a mercenary who will use any tactic available to him, even at the risk of looking 'dishonorable' in the eyes of onlookers. Fighting in reality isn't anything like an organized sport and you're never going to have a perfectly 'matched' opponent. But the complaint that the Unsullied were too scrawny or not muscular enough doesn't really factor in at all to what they were described by (and quoted) from the books. They were castrated men and boys and taught to be completely fearless in combat which has nothing to do with size or muscle. Trying to correlate it to real life combat doesn't work since we don't DO real life sword or hand to hand combat in real life. Sports are an entirely different matter with rules and standards in place.
3853	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	Dany's 16 in the beginning of the books, I thought she was more like 13-14. Certainly Ned Stark's PoV refers to a secret he had kept for '14 years' *cough* ToJ *cough* which was shortly before Dany's birth.
3854	Teren_Kanan	2013-05-01	I thought she was more like 13-14. Certainly Ned Stark's PoV refers to a secret he had kept for '14 years' *cough* ToJ *cough* which was shortly before Dany's birth.Yeah, she's 13 in the beginning of the books I believe. Don't know where anyone got 16 from. I think she's 16 in Dance with Dragons, or near abouts.
3855	shiola	2013-05-01	The Valyrian was beautiful again.  I really liked this scene and I am excited to see Grey Worm!  I didn't have any special affection for him in the books but I wanna see his adaptation.
3856	Steve Stark	2013-05-01	Watching the episodes back to back I think that Gray Worm is the same guy that gets his nipple cut off, going by his voice.Interesting. I'm going to check that out. Good catch if this is so.
3857	boojam	2013-05-01	I believe in the book, Krazny indicates owners set their own officers over them.  Which makes sense...SLAVE soldiers who are conditioned to pure obedience, to complete lack of free will, would make poor officers, assessing situations, making their own decisions, then issuing orders.Yes that's what George wrote.I think tho we only know about the Battle of Qohor , where 3000 Unsullied fought 25,000 Dothraki warriors , with the effect of driving the Dothraki off. The Dothraki lost 12,000 to the Unsullied losses of 2400. Of course we don't know who was commanding these Unsullied or how the battle went except that the Dothraki charged the Unsullied 18 times , which is the story from Jorah that got Dany to go to Astapor. Jorah does not tell the story in season 2, but sort of vaguely convinces Dany that Astapor is their next destination.Any way , oddly, Grey Worm's choice to keep his Unsullied name shows independence of thought, as I remember, from the book, most of the Unsullied chose new names for themselves, but no details are given.George does not, as far as I know, explain anything about what they learn about large unit tactics. They do seem to fight Hoplite like in rectangular phalanx formation. Macedonian used more sophisticated Hoplite tactics to great advantage under Alexander. We don't know if the Unsullied used these, well GRRM does not really have the page time to go into, tho one might think this a thing of interest to George. Still this kind of warfare requires officers.I don't know what the show will do.From the preview trailers what I thought was the sack of Astapor is the battle at Yunkai. Even George has this off page , tho gives a summary. Funny as I remember the battle plan was Dany's , and the plan works!Even tho , I think it's Daario who gives her the idea, she also makes the decisions at Meereen when they win that battle too.As Tyrion says of her "Aegon the Conqueror with teats.."Then , o my!, we get her dropping her Alexander the Great mode for a long muddled rule at Meereen...Dave and Dan have to do something to shorten this or fix it!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2013 - 10:05 PM.
3858	Raion Laion	2013-05-01	I believe the series will do wonders for the meerenese story arch. Quite a lot happens in ADwD, and if Grey Worm turns out to be some ebony goddess' brother, we'll even get a Robot Chicken "what a twist!" moment.
3859	anon76returns	2013-05-01	Yes that's what George wrote.I think tho we only know about the Battle of Qohor , where 3000 Unsullied fought 25,000 Dothraki warriors , with the effect of driving the Dothraki off. The Dothraki lost 12,000 to the Unsullied losses of 2400.Of course we don't know who was commanding these Unsullied or how the battle went except that the Dothraki charged the Unsullied 18 times , which is the story from Jorah that got Dany to go to Astapor. Jorah does not tell the story in season 2, but sort of vaguely convinces Dany that Astapor is their next destination.Any way , oddly, Grey Worm's choice to keep his Unsullied name shows independence of thought, as I remember, from the book, most of the Unsullied chose new names for themselves, but no details are given.George does not, as far as I know, explain anything about what they learn about large unit tactics.They do seem to fight Hoplite like in rectangular phalanx formation. Macedonian used more sophisticated Hoplite tactics to great advantage under Alexander. We don't know if the Unsullied used these, well GRRM does not really have the page time to go into, tho one might think this a thing of interest to George. Still this kind of warfare requires officers.I don't know what the show will do.From the preview trailers what I thought was the sack of Astapor is the battle at Yunkai. Even George has this off page , tho gives a summary. Funny as I remember the battle plan was Dany's , and the plan works!Even tho , I think it's Daario who gives her the idea, she also makes the decisions at Meereen when they win that battle too.As Tyrion says of her "Aegon the Conqueror with teats.."Then , o my!, we get her dropping her Alexander the Great mode for a long muddled rule at Meereen...Dave and Dan have to do something to shorten this or fix it!In the book Kraznys says she will need to provide officers, but there's also a description that three-spiked helmets are to distinguish officers from the rest of the soldiers.
3860	Runaway Penguin	2013-05-02	Regarding the strength/skill argument, lt's have a historical example /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Japanese army had rigorous bayonet drill before and during WWII. Much more so than either US army or Marines. Yet when it came down to actual close-quarters combat, more often then not the decisive factor was that on average, US soldiers were bigger, stronger, with longer reach and more "blunt force" behind them.
in a pitched battle you don't have time to "dance around" and wear down your enemy; In pitched battle, if you try that, his friends are going to skewer you while you dance and prance. no amount of training would then replace the strength (which, among other things, allows you to carry longer pike as ar as polearms are concerned, heavier shield/armor, or deal more serious blows with a sword/mace/morningstar).
3861	wolverine	2013-05-02	If anyone is really trying to purport that size and strength are not an advantage to medieval fighting I think you are nuts.  Sure if someone is vastly quicker they can possibly even the playing field, but size and strength still matter. 
Armor protects against people that can move slowly and those that can move quickly.  Generally, if you are bigger and stronger you can maintain greater speed while being well armored.
Bronn is almost always cited as everyone's boner inducing super fighter, but is he supposed to be smaller than normal?  That was never my impression.  He was a rogue who beat a knight, but that does not mean he was much smaller and weaker (maybe he was I don't honestly remember).
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 02 May 2013 - 02:19 AM.
3862	Runaway Penguin	2013-05-02	Re. Bronn-Egan fight, do nto forget in books good Ser is pretty old )and stuck most of time in Eyrie - that would help to diminish his skills, not that much space for training). Bronn definitely isn't small or weak. He was fast, street brawler, and fighting in "unchivalrous ways", but that cannot be trasposed to battles and unsullied - in a lockstep, locked shield phalanx/legion you cannot "dance around", in contrary all your actions have to be perfectly drilled and machine-like.
Again, from history: The musket drill was so onerous and important to be taught like a clockwork, because in tight formation you did not have room to spare - and you had to have packed formation for maximum effect of the volleys. So you effectively needed an army of robots, with badly trained troops what often happened was that rear ranks stepped back after first volley to hae mopre space for loading, and then more back... Until the formation unraveled and routed itself, effectively.
Applies even more so to the unsullied, their strength is in formation, and then again there enemies who are bigger, stronger and with more modern weapons stand much more chance.
3863	BlackTalon	2013-05-02	I saw people speculating on twitter that Grey Worm would be a new romantic interest for Dany (or Khaleesi, smh), which just confuses the hell out of me. I thought the show made it pretty clear that the Unsullied were all castrated. Guess not.Well he still has his tongue, doesn't he?
3864	boojam	2013-05-02	If anyone is really trying to purport that size and strength are not an advantage to medieval fighting I think you are nuts.  Sure if someone is vastly quicker they can possibly even the playing field, but size and strength still matter. Armor protects against people that can move slowly and those that can move quickly.  Generally, if you are bigger and stronger you can maintain greater speed while being well armored.Bronn is almost always cited as everyone's boner inducing super fighter, but is he supposed to be smaller than normal?  That was never my impression.  He was a rogue who beat a knight, but that does not mean he was much smaller and weaker (maybe he was I don't honestly remember).George's model for society in ASoIaF is Medieval. Middle ages from from about 5 AD (or CE) to 15 AD (or CE). If one has ever visited a Medieval armory it is very noticeable that suits of armor are all so small average modern humans could not get into them.From what I have seen it looks as if body mass was small, that does not mean body strength was not good.As wither knight in armor had any advantage consider Battle of Legnica where the Mongol Army utterly crushed an alliance of European armies, the Knights Templar suffering a particularly bad defeat. The average Mongol warrior wore only light armor , if any at all. This happened over and over in the first two Mongol invasions on the West.Of course the Mongols had superior tactics, the compound bow, and most of all systematic intelligence gathering.One need only think of the Battle of Agincourt when heavily armed French knights were cut down by English long bows, wielded  by reviled 'small folk'! The French were arrogant bone heads having lost the battles of Crecy and Poitiers in almost the same way, especially by not deploying their 'small folk' foot soldiers (see A Distant Mirror by Barbara Tuchman, in the 13th and 14th centuries the French won only one battle against English invasion, by doing nothing!)There must be tactics armored men can use against lightly armored men , I am not historian enough to cite an example.The Unsullied prevailed , at high cost, against the Mongol-like Dothraki, who have superior numbers.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 May 2013 - 07:15 AM.
3865	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	The longbow didn't have too much of an effect at Poitiers. The French didn't use a Cataphract charge (other than a failed attempt to take the English baggage train) but fought the English on foot. This was to mirror the Scots success using the same tactic at the Battle of Bannockburn.
The English archers joined the soldiers to hold the line in the melee. The reason the French lost is because for reasons never determined the Duke d'Orleans took his forces from the field without engaging the English. This gave the English an opportunity to have the Gascon Lancers and the archery units make a mounted out flanking manouvre and attack the French in the rear. So the archers were critical to the victory, but longbows can't be used on horseback - the archers used melee weapons. As soon as the French turned to face them, the English line pushed and routed them.
Edit
tl; dr - longbow had no influence on Poitiers. 
Lightly armoured bowmen fought in the line with melee weapons.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 02 May 2013 - 07:32 AM.
3866	Runaway Penguin	2013-05-02	From what I have seen it looks as if body mass was small, that does not mean body strength was not good.As wither knight in armor had any advantage consider Battle of Legnica where the Mongol Army utterly crushed an alliance of European armies, the Knights Templar suffering a particularly bad defeat. The average Mongol warrior wore only light armor , if any at all. This happened over and over in the first two Mongol invasions on the West.Of course the Mongols had superior tactics, the compound bow, and most of all systematic intelligence gathering.Mongol armies had the armored fist of heavy cavalry with lances and armor. Light mounted archers were great at light cavalry duties, skirmishing and recon, but when the time has come and enemy took the bait or arranged himself for battle, armored lances went in.One need only think of the Battle of Agincourt when heavily armed French knights were cut down by English long bows, wielded  by reviled 'small folk'! The French were arrogant bone heads having lost the battles of Crecy and Poitiers in almost the same way, especially by not deploying their 'small folk' foot soldiers (see A Distant Mirror by Barbara Tuchman, in the 13th and 14th centuries the French won only one battle against English invasion, by doing nothing!)French men-at-arms were not cut down by the longbows, actually - it would seem that a large part of casualties was caused by simple trampling in place where the battlefield narrowed. Longbows of course did their deal against lighter armored skirmishers, but all by themselves they were ineffective against men in mail and plate.The Unsullied prevailed , at high cost, against the Mongol-like Dothraki, who have superior numbers.Mongols were nowhere near Dothraki. Dothraki can be probably (from more modern history) related to Indian native irregular horse, used in Battle of Assaye - in mostly for loot, lightly mounted, lightly armed, without armor (which was non issue by then anyway, but still), with tulwars (by themselves still more practical for mounted combat than arakhs). Their effect on battle was roughly... Zero.
3867	boojam	2013-05-02	Mongols were nowhere near Dothraki. Dothraki can be probably (from more modern history) related to Indian native irregular horse, used in Battle of Assaye - in mostly for loot, lightly mounted, lightly armed, without armor (which was non issue by then anyway, but still), with tulwars (by themselves still more practical for mounted combat than arakhs). Their effect on battle was roughly... Zero.Well the French lost three in a row in the hundred years war.Crecy, Pointiers and Agincourt , you think they would learn after a while!Tho in the long run the English all went away, slowly, in a very complicated way.True the Dothraki are more like the Comanche , giving Texas a fits for many years, eventually it was just flat out expansion of 19th century civilization that overwhelmed them.When one thinks about it Dany probably could retake KL with a Dothraki-Unsullied/ Dragons army, unfortunately the Dothraki would loot and take slaves, which , it seems, she does not want. Plus I think the Dothraki would be very unhappy with Westeros, would not stay , probably would not go.Of course the monkey wrench is Winter and the Others , if George would ever clear that up.Have always wondered what that scene in the house of the Undying (where warlocks die!) of the KL  throne room looking sacked by the Others is some foreshadowing that D and D know about, that was kind of weird to frame that scene that way.
3868	Arkash	2013-05-02	According to David Peterson, Jacob Anderso as Grey Worm was perfect in Valyrian : http://www.dothraki....4/perzo-vujita/
3869	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Well the French lost three in a row in the hundred years war.Crecy, Pointiers and Agincourt , you think they would learn after a while!Tho in the long run the English all went away, slowly, in a very complicated way.Crecy was 1346, Poitiers was 1356 and Agincort was 1415... and there were other battles in between some of which the English lost. In fact the English were fleeing from their defeat at Tours when the French trapped them at Poitiers. Sooooo it wasn't '3 in a row' at all.The English longbow was ineffective at Poitiers because the French had learnt their lesson and changed tactics. They used the Scottish tactics and would have been successful if not for the Duke d'Orleans brain-fart.
3870	Mulled Wino	2013-05-02	In fiction, yeah, in real life, not so much. There's a reason fighting sports have something like weight classes, and being big and muscular =/= being big dumb and slow as such characters usually are in fiction. Take Bas Rutten, for example. The picture of the big, slow fighter is commonly a fallacy: a lifetime of fighting and training made knights into dangerous killing machines who dominated European battlefields for centuries, and their armour made them nowhere as immobile as it is often portrayed.Ever watched boxing?
3871	Mulled Wino	2013-05-02	What an interesting thread this has turned out to be, thx to Ser Desmond, Runawaay and Booj
3872	Gannicus	2013-05-02	They won't be Schwartzeneggers, but given that they have been training with a variety of weapons their entire lives, they should at least look wiry strong.  This dude looked like a pampered male model who hadn't done a day's labor in his life.  So yeah, the lack of physicality struck me as well.The Bold gave me a nice laugh and overall I'd agree. But it didn't diminish the scene for me.Many fighting sports, yes, but that doesn't apply to those using weapons, especially fencing, to name a counterpart.Also, everyone who ever played WarCraft III knows that agility heroes were so much stronger than strength heroes! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />These medieval weapons aren't foils.Sure, in boxing, wrestling, etc. there's a need / requirement for size and weight classes - but that's an organized sport and what we're talking about here is nothing even remotely close to it. The fight between Bronn and Ser Vardis is really a better example. Whereas the knight had been trained in 'classical' combat with sword and shield and heavy armor, Bronn was more of a street fighter, a mercenary who will use any tactic available to him, even at the risk of looking 'dishonorable' in the eyes of onlookers. Fighting in reality isn't anything like an organized sport and you're never going to have a perfectly 'matched' opponent. But the complaint that the Unsullied were too scrawny or not muscular enough doesn't really factor in at all to what they were described by (and quoted) from the books. They were castrated men and boys and taught to be completely fearless in combat which has nothing to do with size or muscle. Trying to correlate it to real life combat doesn't work since we don't DO real life sword or hand to hand combat in real life. Sports are an entirely different matter with rules and standards in place.I'd imagine you wouldn't want to go up against an armored NFL linebacker in a sword fight. Strength, speed, and power fill be just a few of the things that matter.Regarding the strength/skill argument, lt's have a historical example /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Japanese army had rigorous bayonet drill before and during WWII. Much more so than either US army or Marines. Yet when it came down to actual close-quarters combat, more often then not the decisive factor was that on average, US soldiers were bigger, stronger, with longer reach and more "blunt force" behind them.in a pitched battle you don't have time to "dance around" and wear down your enemy; In pitched battle, if you try that, his friends are going to skewer you while you dance and prance. no amount of training would then replace the strength (which, among other things, allows you to carry longer pike as ar as polearms are concerned, heavier shield/armor, or deal more serious blows with a sword/mace/morningstar).If anyone is really trying to purport that size and strength are not an advantage to medieval fighting I think you are nuts.  Sure if someone is vastly quicker they can possibly even the playing field, but size and strength still matter.Armor protects against people that can move slowly and those that can move quickly.  Generally, if you are bigger and stronger you can maintain greater speed while being well armored.Bronn is almost always cited as everyone's boner inducing super fighter, but is he supposed to be smaller than normal?  That was never my impression.  He was a rogue who beat a knight, but that does not mean he was much smaller and weaker (maybe he was I don't honestly remember).Yes and Yes
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 02 May 2013 - 11:01 AM.
3873	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	I loved it! The Valyrian sounds so wonderful, Grey Worm's lines lifted almost straight from the book and Dany's face. All lovely.
3874	boojam	2013-05-02	Crecy was 1346, Poitiers was 1356 and Agincort was 1415... and there were other battles in between some of which the English lost. In fact the English were fleeing from their defeat at Tours when the French trapped them at Poitiers. Sooooo it wasn't '3 in a row' at all.The English longbow was ineffective at Poitiers because the French had learnt their lesson and changed tactics. They used the Scottish tactics and would have been successful if not for the Duke d'Orleans brain-fart.Well it three BIG ones , sort of in a row.But my favorite French king was Charles V who , as Tuchman points out, did not listen to his 'banner men', well at least the hot heads, when the English invaded around 1370. Charles decided to not engage the English in a major battle. He used harassment and diplomacy in the end the French gained back all the lands it had lost in  1347-1349.
3875	Unhit	2013-05-02	These medieval weapons aren't foils.Of course not, I'm well aware that the fighting styles (though not as much with a sabre) are quite different from that of e.g. a broadsword, as also nicely shown in the little scene where Thoros easily disarmed Arya - because she held her rapier or whatever it's closest to, as she's supposed to hold it when fighting somebody else using that weapon. My point wasn't that they are exactly the same. And neither is boxing (that was the point) /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Unhit, 02 May 2013 - 01:41 PM.
3876	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-02	Well it three BIG ones , sort of in a row.But my favorite French king was Charles V who , as Tuchman points out, did not listen to his 'banner men', well at least the hot heads, when the English invaded around 1370. Charles decided to not engage the English in a major battle. He used harassment and diplomacy in the end the French gained back all the lands it had lost in  1347-1349.They are only seen as 'in a row' from the English perspective as they were the three high points of English success.... What is especially notable from the thundering silence from the English history books is the inability to push home their advantage after Crecy and Poitiers and how quickly they frittered away their advantage after Agincort. After Poitiers they had both King David II of Scotland and King Jean II of France locked up in the Tower of London yet could push no advantage and had lost almost all of it before Henry V landed decades later.
3877	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-02	I'm REALLY excited for the upcoming Battle of Yunkai. Jorah, Grey Worm and Daario fighting side by side against the Wise Masters and their slave armies? Yes, please! I'm sure they'll save the Battle of Meereen for next season and I'm looking forward to it as well. Dany's storyline definitely has the most epic feel and it comes out especially on the TV show. I actually have grown to prefer Show!Dany over Book!Dany.
3878	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-05-02	Actually, thinking about the Siege of Meereen...I think the sight of hundreds of crucified slave children pointing the way to Meereen will be a ghastly sight. I wonder if HBO will "go there". As gruesome as it sounds, I hope they do because it will explicitly show the audience just how inhumanly cruel the system in Slaver's Bay truly is and why Dany was determined to stop it.
3879	wolverine	2013-05-02	George's model for society in ASoIaF is Medieval. Middle ages from from about 5 AD (or CE) to 15 AD (or CE). If one has ever visited a Medieval armory it is very noticeable that suits of armor are all so small average modern humans could not get into them.From what I have seen it looks as if body mass was small, that does not mean body strength was not good.As wither knight in armor had any advantage consider Battle of Legnica where the Mongol Army utterly crushed an alliance of European armies, the Knights Templar suffering a particularly bad defeat. The average Mongol warrior wore only light armor , if any at all. This happened over and over in the first two Mongol invasions on the West.Of course the Mongols had superior tactics, the compound bow, and most of all systematic intelligence gathering.One need only think of the Battle of Agincourt when heavily armed French knights were cut down by English long bows, wielded  by reviled 'small folk'! The French were arrogant bone heads having lost the battles of Crecy and Poitiers in almost the same way, especially by not deploying their 'small folk' foot soldiers (see A Distant Mirror by Barbara Tuchman, in the 13th and 14th centuries the French won only one battle against English invasion, by doing nothing!)There must be tactics armored men can use against lightly armored men , I am not historian enough to cite an example.The Unsullied prevailed , at high cost, against the Mongol-like Dothraki, who have superior numbers.I have no idea how this was related to my post.  My post was considering size and strength an advantage in one-on-one combat, not that more heavily armored armies were superior less armored ones.
3880	boojam	2013-05-03	I have no idea how this was related to my post.  My post was considering size and strength an advantage in one-on-one combat, not that more heavily armored armies were superior less armored ones.Strictly is does not, but that's the way threads go , at least it stayed on military matters.As far as Grey Worm.I will repeat my self. I know of no such thing as a 'eunuch' slave armies in our alternate universe.There may have been some.The Unsullied is a GRRM flourish I don't think he really thought it through what it meant.Even tho George explains the brain washing of the Unsullied, the last thing I would ever do it give a SLAVE army weapons!In the pre-civil war south slaves were barred from having weapons.The South thought of raising Black armies, but they would still be slaves, slaves with guns.....
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 03 May 2013 - 05:42 AM.
3881	Steve Stark	2013-05-03	I hope they do because it will explicitly show the audience just how inhumanly cruel the system in Slaver's Bay truly is and why Dany was determined to stop it.As much as a part of me does NOT want to see it, I agree. For her to stay on that side for so long and have this desperate mission to free slaves, the audience must know why.
3882	The Bear	2013-05-03	The whole "Grey Worm is a lucky name" thing hit me so fkn hard in the books that I had to put it down and sob about how awesome Dany is. It was great on screen too its just that, it doesn't quite make sense, since in the show the Unsullied weren't changing their names every day.Grey Worm being a lucky name due to it being his name the DAY Dany set him free, as opposed to Grey Worm being his name the DECADE Dany set him free.. I dunno. One extra line of dialogue was all it would've taken.I commented on exactly that as I was watching it, it bugged the hell out of me for some reason. The Unsullied looked just like I thought they would but Grey Worm didn't. I did like the scene but I always feel like Show!Dany is so much snobbier than Book!Dany. I have no idea why. She just comes across colder to me onscreen, but it was a good scene. I thought it had a lot of impact but would have had impact for those who didn't read the books if they'd just added the extra bit about changing their names each day, or replacing the bit about how they're named after vermin with a line about how they change their names daily. Simple and makes the world of difference.
3883	boojam	2013-05-04	As much as a part of me does NOT want to see it, I agree. For her to stay on that side for so long and have this desperate mission to free slaves, the audience must know why.I feel the show has given us enough motivation for Dany's actions.In the books too.... she is a abolitionist.The question I have , the Targaryens were high born Valyrians, Valyria practiced slavery practiced slavery.(Slavery is slavery, but it does come in various forms, for instance before the Third Servile War (associated with Spartacus) the Roman Republic was brutal to slaves. There was never another slave wars after that, because Roman became more benevolent slave owners, no that did not justify slavery. So George never tells us what kind of slavers the Valyrians were.)The Targaryen conquest of Westeros did not bring slavery, some say this is just a practicality on their part, but so far GRRM has not said that the Targs practiced slavery on Dragonstone.No matter what, George makes it crystal clear in the books that Dany is an abolitionist, no if, ands or buts!George never elaborates, but even tho Grey Worm has supposedly had free will beaten out him, it didn't totally take. He freely chooses his name. The show did not make this as emphatic as in the book, I guess in the interests of time, GRRM tells us the Unsullied were forced to chose a new name everyday at random. That really puts an edge on it.As I remember , in the book, Grey Worm may have kept his name, but other Unsullied chose other names.Alas George does not detail any of the Unsullied , and Grey Worm only a little, because they do show a modicum of free will in the books.
3884	teemo	2013-04-29	Bye bye, Edric Storm.  You were just a stillborn child, not Robert's bastard.  So - what about the Gendry theory now?  Will Meli be using those fetuses? Interesting.
3885	teemo	2013-04-29	And will the fetuses be replacing the kings blood Meli needs?
3886	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	No.
Mel is going to bang Gendry.
The fetuses were just to show how batshit crazy Selyse is.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 07:13 PM.
3887	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	Gendry was always more interesting than Edric anyway.  Might as well just put all our chips in on him.
3888	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	This is an improvement over the books IMHO, it gives the character of Gendry something to do rather than just disappear and supposedly smith for the brotherhood. 
Let's just hope it won't conflict with anything George may have planned for book Gendry, if anything.
3889	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-29	I think at this point its just economic to sub Gendry in for Edric, Why cast another person to play another bastard who is more mentioned then shown. Maybe the Fetus tubes name checking Edric was just a nod to the books.
3890	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	This is an improvement over the books IMHO, it gives the character of Gendry something to do rather than just disappear and supposedly smith for the brotherhood.Let's just hope it won't conflict with anything George may have planned for book Gendry, if anything.They can cross that bridge if and when they come to it.  For now, this works better.
3891	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-29	This is an improvement over the books IMHO, it gives the character of Gendry something to do rather than just disappear and supposedly smith for the brotherhood.Let's just hope it won't conflict with anything George may have planned for book Gendry, if anything.Well put. My thoughts exactly. George already said the show changed his mind on Osha, so maybe we'll get more (or better) Gendry-centric chapters now.
3892	Frumpus	2013-04-29	They wouldn't have made this change if Gendry was set to play a bigger role in the books. Obviously this tells us that Gendry probably won't even reappear.
3893	Nezzer	2013-04-29	They wouldn't have made this change if Gendry was set to play a bigger role in the books. Obviously this tells us that Gendry probably won't even reappear.Why? It's not like they are actually killing Gendry. Edric Storm doesn't die in the books, you know,
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 29 April 2013 - 08:38 PM.
3894	stiff_pirates	2013-04-29	They wouldn't have made this change if Gendry was set to play a bigger role in the books. Obviously this tells us that Gendry probably won't even reappear.Gendry will definitely reappear in the books. Even if it's just to explain what the fudge is going on with all the orphans he seems to be leading etc
3895	Dove	2013-04-29	No matter what happens I just hope they keep in Davos rescuing someone from being sacrificed, I don't care if it's Gendry or Shireen or whatever. That was such a great moment in the books for the 'ol Onion Knight, going to those lengths to rescue Edric even though he knew how risky of a move it was so soon after being imprisoned for treason.
3896	Relic	2013-04-29	They wouldn't have made this change if Gendry was set to play a bigger role in the books. Obviously this tells us that Gendry probably won't even reappear.Or, they are taking a short cut to where Gendry WILL end up in the books.
3897	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	They wouldn't have made this change if Gendry was set to play a bigger role in the books. Obviously this tells us that Gendry probably won't even reappear.Erm... what?  Expanding a character's role in the TV show suggests that that character won't be important in the books?  Seems the opposite to me.
3898	Batman	2013-04-30	Mel is going to bang Gendry.I dont like this idea at all. Although it would be in line with the ruin of characters I love.
3899	jugdesh258	2013-04-30	No.Mel is going to bang Gendry.The fetuses were just to show how batshit crazy Selyse is.Nah... only if he is lucky.  She just wants his blood so she will Leech him.  Maybe three times???
3900	boojam	2013-04-30	Or, they are taking a short cut to where Gendry WILL end up in the books.Or, they are taking a short cut to where Gendry WILL NOT end up as in the books.Braavos.
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2013 - 04:17 PM.
3901	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Yeah Edric Storm died in the cutting room floor and was reincarnated in a Bryan Cogman dream..... a dream with baby jars, sick.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 30 April 2013 - 11:59 PM.
3902	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-01	I just hope Davos rescues him, or whoever is sacrificed. one of the more heroic acts in the books as far as i'm concerned.
3903	Bungholes First	2013-05-01	Bye bye, Edric Storm.  You were just a stillborn child, not Robert's bastard.  So - what about the Gendry theory now?  Will Meli be using those fetuses? Interesting.No.Mel is going to bang Gendry.The fetuses were just to show how batshit crazy Selyse is.Nah... only if he is lucky.  She just wants his blood so she will Leech him.  Maybe three times???I think all those theories are going into play. She's going to burn the fetuses along with leeches for the King's Blood sacrifices needed for her magic. I also think (from the trailers) that Mel is going to consummate with Gendry in order to produce a shadow baby and assassinate Balon Greyjoy. Then when that isn't enough she'll suggest burning Gendry. Selyse who doesn't appear fond of Shireen may suggest her as a sacrifice.
					
					
							Edited by Bungholes First, 01 May 2013 - 02:28 AM.
3904	ViserionsFire	2013-05-04	Now that Gendry is one of the Brotherhood, and they are R'hllor fans, perhaps Thoros intervenes and doesn't let Mel take him away.  Afterall, Thoros doesn't need any sacrifice to bring back the dead. Thoros seems able to channel his power to be a life preserver, whereas Mel uses death or the power of a Kings seed for her power to work.  Mel and Thoros may not be adversarys, but Mel may not want to try to tangle with the guy.
3905	siknes	2013-05-04	I think all those theories are going into play. She's going to burn the fetuses along with leeches for the King's Blood sacrifices needed for her magic. I also think (from the trailers) that Mel is going to consummate with Gendry in order to produce a shadow baby and assassinate Balon Greyjoy. Then when that isn't enough she'll suggest burning Gendry. Selyse who doesn't appear fond of Shireen may suggest her as a sacrifice.I always took it as Euron and one of his three priest's did the deed of huffing and puffing, he showed up the next day.
3906	Pellaeon	2013-04-29	So what was the use? I have no idea
3907	shiola	2013-04-29	Fill Tyrion/Olenna quotient; more details about how much the Tyrells are doing to help the common folk while the Lannisters have done essentially nothing for them; show that the Lannisters need Tyrell support
3908	Eogh	2013-04-29	Also, the comment Olenna makes about hearing of Tyrion's debauchery and wickedness, yet here he sits prudently and calmly trying to save money for the realm. Shows the difference between peoples' perception of Tyrion and the reality of things. Also shows how smart Olenna is, both with that comment and showing how aware she is of expenses, finances, etc. All in all a great scene and very useful I think.
3909	Golden Lion	2013-04-29	It just felt like a way to get Tyrion and Olenna some screen time. 
For the viewer it didn't do much, we already knew the realm is having money problems and the show hasn't exactly been subtle so far with showing Olenna is sharp.
I just peg it down to needing more Tyrion.
3910	Dove	2013-04-29	Someone on the board said that Peter Dinklage has a stipulation in his contract that amounts to him getting a certain amount of screentime every episode, I think? I'm not sure if that's true but it would make a lot of sense, and this scene strikes me as funny, informative filler like that.
It just re-iterates how needed the Tyrells are and how dire the situation is without their aid, helping to explain how Olenna is getting away with going around sassin' everybody. (Like she wouldn't anyway, haha, but you know what I mean.)
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 09:58 PM.
3911	scurvy	2013-04-29	So she could say, "A wedding is safer, don't you think?"
It was a joke for book readers.  Yeah, a wedding is safer.  They all work out so well for the bridegroom and guests.
She could have said:
A fool's blood.  A king's blood.  Blood on a maiden's thigh.  But, then, she'd be a fool and she's decidedly not.
					
					
							Edited by scurvy, 29 April 2013 - 10:31 PM.
3912	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	I think there is some signifigance to this. Tyrion just got his new job, hes worried about paying for the wedding. He goes to the Tyrells hoping for help, she gives him a hundred reasons why she should not and then goes ahead and offers to pay for half. This is a great releif to him and he proudly announces it to his Father, who does not give a shit. So what it really does is remove a potential irratant between the Tyrells and Tyrion and keeps him fighting with his family instead of him fighting with the Tyrells over money.
3913	shiola	2013-04-29	So she could say, "A wedding is safer, don't you think?"A red herring for people like my brother/friend who know a red wedding is coming, but know not which wedding it is.  I was pleased.
3914	Newstar	2013-04-29	Apart from the things already mentioned--giving Diana Rigg something to do, giving Peter Dinklage something to do, putting Tyrion and Olenna in a room together and watching them bounce off each other, highlighting the Lannisters' dependence on the Tyrells' resources--we got a bit of a hint as to how Tyrion has changed. There's Olenna's conclusion that Tyrion isn't the "drunken, impertinent, debauched" person she'd expected, but rather a "browbeaten bookkeeper," and the way he's behaving throughout the scene. Olenna is perky and chipper, bringing the sass, and he seems lifeless and worn down in comparison, a dutiful worker bee for his family with very little of his former swagger. Even as Hand, facing down an imminent siege, he had a certain amount of flair and charisma, but now, he's been crushed under Tywin's boot and it's plain for all to see. There are a few signs of his old self in the last scene with Tywin, where he's cracking jokes about Sansa missing Loras' favourite bits, but that's put to a stop very quickly by Tywin as things get very serious very fast.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 29 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
3915	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	It demonstrated that Olenna is more than just the family matriarch. She is all over what is needed to govern the entire realm and sets things up for a forthcoming joust between Olenna and Tywin.
3916	Underzaker	2013-04-30	It seems as if Olenna runs the Tyrell houshold , which sames tad strange.
3917	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	It's becoming more and more painfully obvious that the show just doesn't have enough for Tyrion to do this season, and is just trying to create these scenes to fulfil Dinklage's contract and give him something to do. His arc only really picks up in the second half of ASOS, so we'll have to make do with such scenes for now. I'm guessing Dinklage is contractually obligated to be in every episode.
3918	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Probably true, though do stil enjoy his scenes, and none of them have been a waste of time (except, perhaps, the Pod scene) I think that now, with his wedding to Sansa coming up he'll have more to work with. I'm dreading the bedding scene.
3919	David Selig	2013-04-30	It was fun. Is that not enough in itself?
3920	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	It was fun. Is that not enough in itself?Good Point /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Posters on this forum (myself included on occasion) often get so caught up with notions of "plot advancement" that they forget that the show is about entertaining, not just advancing the story. And this scene was certainly entertaining.
3921	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-30	Also, the comment Olenna makes about hearing of Tyrion's debauchery and wickedness, yet here he sits prudently and calmly trying to save money for the realm. Shows the difference between peoples' perception of Tyrion and the reality of things. Also shows how smart Olenna is, both with that comment and showing how aware she is of expenses, finances, etc. All in all a great scene and very useful I think. That comment made me think of Tyrion's first meeting with the Red Viper, he says something along those lines. And her bowel moving comment made me think of Roose and Jaimie's (hopefully)forthcoming convo/date /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3922	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	It's becoming more and more painfully obvious that the show just doesn't have enough for Tyrion to do this season, and is just trying to create these scenes to fulfil Dinklage's contract and give him something to do. His arc only really picks up in the second half of ASOS, so we'll have to make do with such scenes for now. I'm guessing Dinklage is contractually obligated to be in every episode.Yeah. Tyrion is a passenger so far this season. Lots of his chapters in ASoS were merely him being our eyes in KL. In the show we can skip that and just go directly to Cersei/Sansa/LF/Varys/Tywin/Olenna.
3923	Iotun	2013-04-30	Pretty much like last season we had scenes about the planning for the battle of the Blackwater, this year we have scenes about the planning of the Royal Wedding. It's all about building people's expectations so that things don't come out of the blue.
3924	Songlian	2013-04-30	It was fun. Is that not enough in itself?Amen. I was just going to point that out myself. For my part, if they could do a sequel to GoT and title it "The adventures of Olenna Tyrell", I would be positively blissful.
3925	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	Amen. I was just going to point that out myself.For my part, if they could do a sequel to GoT and title it "The adventures of Olenna Tyrell", I would be positively blissful.I don't think 'Cheese Boy' would agree with you!
3926	WTFSalami	2013-04-30	Does every single second of this show have to have some over-arching meaning to the entire series? This complaint is spoken FAR too often. "What was the point?" The point is that these two sat down to have a conversation about the royal wedding. Tah duh. That's it. They're interesting characters.
3927	rejndjer	2013-04-30	i dont understand people praising olenna's intelligence, myself i consider her an older version of cersei, would like to see olenna if tywin was her father.
3928	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	i dont understand people praising olenna's intelligence, myself i consider her an older version of cersei, would like to see olenna if tywin was her father.What! Cersei is a power hungry sociopath who believes that the truth is whatever is most convenient for her. Olenna is a relatively empathetic straight-talker. They are practically opposites.
3929	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-30	A non-book reader saw that conversation as a hint that Olenna is plotting something, as she acquiesced on the spending for the Royal Wedding too easily. 
Pretty insightful of him.
3930	Garlan Marius	2013-04-30	It seems as if Olenna runs the Tyrell houshold , which sames tad strange.She... pretty much does.  Mace isn't a schemer, or particularly smart by any means.  He's about as capable as Cersei.  Olenna is the Tywin of the family.
3931	Sidonie	2013-04-30	It demonstrated that Olenna is more than just the family matriarch. She is all over what is needed to govern the entire realm and sets things up for a forthcoming joust between Olenna and Tywin.I agree with this. For those who weren't SURE that Olenna was the power of House Tyrell, it was very, very well laid-out when she could effortlessly quote exactly how many provisions, down to how many goats or cattle, were supplied to King's Landing.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 30 April 2013 - 06:47 PM.
3932	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	This scene didn't bother me in the slightest. If the reason was some kind of contractual obligation, I call bullshit and I'll have a problem with it purely out of principle, but disregarding that possibility, I perceived it as showing that Tyrion is still doing a good job and not being commended for it, but most of all, showing the (financial) power of the Tyrells. It sets up the Tyrells becoming the dominant force in this alliance quite nicely, and hey, supplies and logistics are important and often forgotten, GRRM said so himself in his season 1 commentary. Margaery's work with the orphans alone couldn't have been enough for everyone to suddenly be all happy and clean and waving at their 'king' and 'queen', even towards Joffrey! This scene gave information that filled something that would have otherwise been a plot hole on the show by giving information we, readers, take for granted, but viewers might not find so logical it doesn't even deserve a mention.She... pretty much does.  Mace isn't a schemer, or particularly smart by any means.  He's about as capable as Cersei.Mace is even less competent. Seriously he might be, no, he is the dumbest head of any family in Westeros. He's an unimaginative sack of wheat, 'a fat dullard or wobble-bottom; a pompous ass with sweaty dewflaps. Did I mention I hate him?
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 07:05 PM.
3933	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Enjoyed the scene.  Would have liked some sign of life from Tyrion though
3934	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	The point?
* Establish just how much the Lannisters need the Tyrell alliance - money, food, soldiers
* Make it clear that the Tyrells (Olenna) are very aware of this and will use it
* Set up yet another opportunity for Tywin to shoot down Tyrion's accomplishments
* Drive home the point of just how bad the financial situation is
* Emphasize how far Tyrion has been removed from the position of power he was in last season
* Possibly set things up for future events between them
And the one that, IMO, would almost be enough by itself:
* Put Olenna and Tyrion in a scene together and let the quips flow
3935	Dark_Sister	2013-05-01	It also made very clear that Mace might be the Lord of Highgarden, but the one who is in control of the family is Olenna, she is the one who decides to pay half of the royal wedding, it's her Tyrion asks. It would have been easy to make Tyrion comment that he got Mace to help pay for the wedding, but it's Olenna who makes the decision without even mentioning her son or what his position might be.
Also the fact that Mace hasn't even been casted when the Tyrells are having so much screen time this season says a lot, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Sister, 01 May 2013 - 06:04 AM.
3936	King Tyrion I	2013-05-01	The point?* Establish just how much the Lannisters need the Tyrell alliance - money, food, soldiers* Make it clear that the Tyrells (Olenna) are very aware of this and will use it* Set up yet another opportunity for Tywin to shoot down Tyrion's accomplishments* Drive home the point of just how bad the financial situation is* Emphasize how far Tyrion has been removed from the position of power he was in last season* Possibly set things up for future events between themAnd the one that, IMO, would almost be enough by itself:* Put Olenna and Tyrion in a scene together and let the quips flow /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Pretty much this.
3937	SerMixalot	2013-05-01	olenna will next pwn tywin
3938	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Tywin is unfazeable. There is no way that he is going to lose that encounter. It might be a draw though.
3939	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-01	olenna will next pwn tywinTywin is unfazeable. There is no way that he is going to lose that encounter. It might be a draw though.I agree with both of these which is why I'm so anxious to see the scene. However, I saw it posted somewhere that Olenna is just doing the same scene over and over, which is making her greatness seem smaller. I am hoping for something different with Tywin but I confess I'm not sure what I mean by "different".
3940	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	The scene was fun and I loved seeing the normally sarcastic, quick-witted  Tyrion be rendered speechless by the QofT. It served that purpose.
More QoT!!!
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 01 May 2013 - 08:47 AM.
3941	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	Tywin is unfazeable. There is no way that he is going to lose that encounter. It might be a draw though.It should be epic.  My guess is that they'll have their confrontation over the marriage plans for Cersei/Loras/Tyrion/Sansa.  QoT will point out how much the Lannisters need the Tyrells, Tywin will point out that without a connection to a royal family, the Tyrells are just nouveau riche upstarts.  All very diplomatically, of course.  And then Tywin will point out that the marriages will go ahead, whereupon QoT will point out that she is so sorry, but Joffrey already has named Loras to the Kingsguard (Margaery's doing -maybe with Cersei as well?) so it can't happen.I really don't care though -- they're both so good it should be entertaining as hell.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 01 May 2013 - 09:03 AM.
3942	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	It should be epic.  My guess is that they'll have their confrontation over the marriage plans for Cersei/Loras/Tyrion/Sansa.  QoT will point out how much the Lannisters need the Tyrells, Tywin will point out that without a connection to a royal family, the Tyrells are just nouveau riche upstarts.  All very diplomatically, of course.  And then Tywin will point out that the marriages will go ahead, whereupon QoT will point out that she is so sorry, but Joffrey already has named Loras to the Kingsguard (Margaery's doing -maybe with Cersei as well?) so it can't happen.I really don't care though -- they're both so good it should be entertaining as hell.Throw in an "I'm sure your son, the Lord of the Reach, will agree that it's a good match" from Tywin, before Olenna's revelation, and I think we're good to go!
3943	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	That comment made me think of Tyrion's first meeting with the Red Viper, he says something along those lines. And her bowel moving comment made me think of Roose and Jaimie's (hopefully)forthcoming convo/date /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />that's next episode. Have you seen the preview?Amen. I was just going to point that out myself.For my part, if they could do a sequel to GoT and title it "The adventures of Olenna Tyrell", I would be positively blissful.I saw somewhere that someone said Olenna should have her own school for women and I swear I would watch a spinoff show based on that so hard.I think the scene is to show that he's taking the task seriously, even though his father is a dick. Just like the battle where he got knocked out. He knew his father was sending him out there to die but he did it anyway. It's to show he wants to be good enough for his father. Daddy's watching, so I have to act like a grown up now and whatnot. The Lannister children are all pretty immature, minus Jaime after losing his hand. Or, it could just be to show how thoroughly Tywin beats the life out of his children. Probably that. And I believe the writers said they liked Olenna so much that they expanded her role.  I like that they keep showing her owning everyone the way Tyrion did last season. He confounded everyone with his wit and his mind, and he essentially won the battle of the Blackwater. So now another character has come in with equal wit and a mind as sharp....I think it's a subtle hint to the audience that "THIS FAMILY IS PROBABLY GOING TO DO SOMETHING REALLY AWESOME"
3944	Dragon greyscale	2013-05-01	The scene was awesome if only for the quote: <U+0093>What good is the word extravagant if it can't be used to describe a royal wedding?<U+0094> 
Great line!
3945	Newstar	2013-05-01	olenna will next pwn tywinI'm pretty sure Tywin is going to get the better of Olenna, which is why she snaps his quill pen, I'm guessing; because he's bested her and she's pissed off but knows she's beaten, thus the passive-aggressive quill snapping. At the very least, he's going to inform her that Sansa isn't going to marry Loras, so that's already Tywin: 1, Olenna: 0. I'm also guessing he strongarms her into a Loras/Cersei betrothal, which would mean Tywin: 2, Olenna: 0.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 May 2013 - 07:20 PM.
3946	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-01	The Queen of Thorns should be a judge for a talent show. Her criticism would make people cry. "Your singing was so boring I'd rather listen to my flowery farts."
3947	Zar Lannister	2013-05-02	So what was the use? I have no ideaTyrion takes note in the books of how the smallfolk quickly forgot the Tyrells had blocked the Rose Road, blockading a big chunk of the food supply to Kings Landing. They only see how the arrival of Lady Margaery has brought them food. I believe part of the scene was to fill in on how much the Tyrells have been imvolved in appeasing the masses that almost killed Joffrey.
3948	Dove	2013-05-02	The Queen of Thorns should be a judge for a talent show. Her criticism would make people cry. "Your singing was so boring I'd rather listen to my flowery farts."I would say a half-drunk Cersei could fulfill the Paula Abdul role but she's pretty damn mean too. Westerosi Idol is just the worst.
3949	wolverine	2013-05-02	1.  Emphasized how rich and secure the Tyrells are.
2.  Showed how much the Lannisters need the Tyrells at this point.
3.  Got to put two of the smartest characters in the same room and for once Tyrion was not the most sarcastic one.
3950	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-05-02	Good Point /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Posters on this forum (myself included on occasion) often get so caught up with notions of "plot advancement" that they forget that the show is about entertaining, not just advancing the story. And this scene was certainly entertaining.yea sometimes they have sceens out of no where but olenna and imp are never enouff (especially togheter ^^)
3951	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-02	Tyrion takes note in the books of how the smallfolk quickly forgot the Tyrells had blocked the Rose Road, blockading a big chunk of the food supply to Kings Landing. They only see how the arrival of Lady Margaery has brought them food. I believe part of the scene was to fill in on how much the Tyrells have been imvolved in appeasing the masses that almost killed Joffrey.Yeah, I think this is a key point, because it shows how the Tyrells are building support up among the common people.  It's the exact same reason why Cersei was pissed when Margaery visited that orphanage.  QoT is smart enough to know about the bastardy issue, and if there comes a point where the Lannisters are in trouble and it is time for a new ruling House, the Tyrells are setting themselves up nicely.
3952	MoAt	2013-05-02	It demonstrated that Olenna is more than just the family matriarch. She is all over what is needed to govern the entire realm and sets things up for a forthcoming joust between Olenna and Tywin. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Also sets her up for the believability of what she does to Joffrey, and she seems to be the only one with the spine to do it.
3953	Jason Shankel	2013-05-02	My take is that it served a couple of purposes:First, it's another chapter in Varys' Riddle on the nature of power.  The Lannisters have more money than the Tyrells, but the Tyrells have more food and more men.  You can't eat gold.  You can't defend a city with gold.  So who is truly more wealthy?Second, it's just a good actors' scene for Dinklage and Diana Rigg.Third, we're seeing the pattern now of what I call The Tyrell Thing, which is to present a front of sweetness or cute old lady bluntness, to appear as harmless and friendly as house cats, but underneath they're very calculating and they know where every jot and tittle of their resources are going.  I don't think they're deceptive, but calculating.  Margery is befriending Sansa because it's the smart thing to do.  Likewise, she's playing up to Joffrey.  But she's ALSO showing Joffrey that he can be loved if he's a good and honorable thing.  That's what she should be doing...Joffrey could be redeemable if he's pulled from Cersei's clutches.  The scene with Olenna and Tyrion demonstrates this Tyrell cunning.Fourth, it establishes a relationship between Olenna and Tyrion.  Of all the Lannisters, Tyrion is the most reasonable and least sadistic.  If she wants an ally in that family, he's the best bet.www.nattercast.com
3954	StarkBlack21	2013-05-02	Do you think they will now expand the QOT's role? In the book after Tywin dies she disappears. I hope they keep her in and change that from the book. While all the mayhem with Tywin's death is going going on, it would be good to see her really entrench the Tyrells within the power structure of King's Landing.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 02 May 2013 - 07:59 PM.
3955	The Fallen	2013-05-02	`  The only problem I had with the scene was Tyrion basically sitting there with nothing to say. No retort, no rebuttal, no joke. That's a bit of a stretch. It was the same with Varys and Olenna. I think they've taking the Olenna character and decided to multiply it by ten.
3956	aedalia	2013-05-02	I think it was another opportunity to point out again how broke the crown is. In the books I find it's a lot more subtle- to the point that when the Iron Bank man shows up, it's a little weird.
To me it says the Iron Bank is going to play a big role in the final 2 books.
3957	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	`  The only problem I had with the scene was Tyrion basically sitting there with nothing to say. No retort, no rebuttal, no joke. That's a bit of a stretch. It was the same with Varys and Olenna. I think they've taking the Olenna character and decided to multiply it by ten.Tyrion is so used to outwitting/outsnarking comparative dimwits that when he finally meets someone who is at (or perhaps above) his own level, he was caught completely off-guard.  One advantage she has is that being the elderly mother of a lord, who is coming from "the country", she's going to be underestimated. She knows that, and uses it, so the scene made sense to me on that level.  And let's face it she's twice Tyrion's age, so you'd have to think she's learned some tricks with all that experience.  Plus, I suspect she had Tywin will end up being more or less a draw, which sounds about right.It was fun. Is that not enough in itself?Yes -- exactly that.  Same with Arya/Tywin.  We're going to get a Tywin/Olenna scene that wasn't in the books, which could easily be skipped.  I'm glad they're not doing a scene-by-scene recreation, and instead essentially showing us a "camera 2" perspective that could have been happening during book POV Chapters. If they've got good ideas that are consistent with the book, fun, and don't detract from things that must be shown, then I'm glad they're showing them.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 03 May 2013 - 10:39 AM.
3958	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	Does every single scene absolutely need major plot implications tied to it to make it worth watching?
We get a nice little comment about royal weddings, great actors interacting, insight that the wonderfully joyful Tyrion is actually browbeaten by his father at this point of the story, and the Lannisters can't even fund their own royal wedding without help of the Tyrells who are entirely too powerful at this point.
3959	The Fallen	2013-05-03	Tyrion is so used to outwitting/outsnarking comparative dimwits that when he finally meets someone who is at (or perhaps above) his own level, he was caught completely off-guard.  One advantage she has is that being the elderly mother of a lord, who is coming from "the country", she's going to be underestimated. She knows that, and uses it, so the scene made sense to me on that level.  And let's face it she's twice Tyrion's age, so you'd have to think she's learned some tricks with all that experience.  Plus, I suspect she had Tywin will end up being more or less a draw, which sounds about right.   Fair enough. You've made some good points and I can't really argue with you.
3960	Lucamore the Lusty	2013-05-03	Tyrion is subdue in this scene for many reasons. 
She is as quick, witty and smart as him. He either knows that going into the meeting or finds it out quickly so either way he's already on his heels.
She's the real power in House Tyrell, and knowing this he must deal with her with respect. They're the Lannister's only allies and doing the majority of the work in keeping Joffrey on the throne. If he becomes his usual sarcastic self, not knowing Olenna well yet, she might be offended and that could damage the alliance.
He needs her to give him a concession but being in the weaker position, he's basically coming to her as a beggar.
I'm sure even Lannister's are taught to show their elders proper respect. Most younger folks do not enter conversations with older folks as aggressors. Knowing this, Olenna, being the elder, can jump on Tyrion with both feet and enjoy herself a little at his expense.
3961	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	Tyrion is subdue in this scene for many reasons.She is as quick, witty and smart as him. He either knows that going into the meeting or finds it out quickly so either way he's already on his heels.She's the real power in House Tyrell, and knowing this he must deal with her with respect. They're the Lannister's only allies and doing the majority of the work in keeping Joffrey on the throne. If he becomes his usual sarcastic self, not knowing Olenna well yet, she might be offended and that could damage the alliance.He needs her to give him a concession but being in the weaker position, he's basically coming to her as a beggar.I'm sure even Lannister's are taught to show their elders proper respect. Most younger folks do not enter conversations with older folks as aggressors. Knowing this, Olenna, being the elder, can jump on Tyrion with both feet and enjoy herself a little at his expense.That's pretty out of character for Tyrion at this point though. I think he mentioned in the books how he knows his mouth gets him into trouble a lot. He's smart, yeah, but he also is a little reckless in making his jokes. Even he acknowledges it. I think he knows that the only reason he gets away with it is because of his name. He's a dwarf, nobody's afraid of him lol
3962	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-03	That's pretty out of character for Tyrion at this point though. I think he mentioned in the books how he knows his mouth gets him into trouble a lot. He's smart, yeah, but he also is a little reckless in making his jokes. Even he acknowledges it. I think he knows that the only reason he gets away with it is because of his name. He's a dwarf, nobody's afraid of him lolOne difference is that he now has a position of responsibility.  Worse yet, it's a position with a lot of responsibility but not much power.  Prior to this, Tyrion has been free to shoot off his mouth either because he's got no responsibilities at all, or he's got responsibilities but he's the HMFIC -- when he was Hand.  He's never had to go with hat in hand to anyone, and it's a role he's just not used to.  QoT, knew she had the advantage, and pressed it.  He was smart enough to know that his usual snark likely would have left him with nothing.Loved her line about her being so disappointed to find out he was just a bookkeeper.
3963	Clariana	2013-05-03	What! Cersei is a power hungry sociopath who believes that the truth is whatever is most convenient for her. Olenna is a relatively empathetic straight-talker. They are practically opposites.Eh, but...
	Spoiler In the book as soon as she is introduced we are told she has a reputation as a poisoner... Events later confirm that these rumours were not wrong.
3964	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-03	That's pretty out of character for Tyrion at this point though. I think he mentioned in the books how he knows his mouth gets him into trouble a lot. He's smart, yeah, but he also is a little reckless in making his jokes. Even he acknowledges it. I think he knows that the only reason he gets away with it is because of his name. He's a dwarf, nobody's afraid of him lolTyrion sees too much of his father in Lady Olenna which is frustrating. He's really losing his taste for playing the game. But of course he needs her to pledge money for the wedding, so he keeps his mouth shut. I think there's a lot of pent up frustration in him at this point. I didn't mind it, but I do get the impression that the writers are content just letting Diana Rigg talk.
3965	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-29	That lion symbol in the final shot..."In a coat of gold or a coat of red a lion still has claws"Catch the foreshadowing?
3966	Martin Lasarte	2013-05-01	I saw it as a symbol of the weight of Tywin's expectations over Tyrion and Cersei. Tywin has left the room, but he's always in their mind, as we can see in their POVs.
3967	Kienn	2013-05-02	Clearly the black color means they're all going to die.
3968	Warhawk137	2013-05-02	Clearly the black color means they're all going to die.Well, yes, everyone dies, we knew THAT already.  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
3969	ChozenOne	2013-05-02	Well, yes, everyone dies, we knew THAT already.  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Valar Morghulis
3970	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-05-02	I thought it meant to show that individual wants are not important. Just the family and it's power and legacy.
3971	Tyrion4President	2013-05-03	Well, yes, everyone dies, we knew THAT already.  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />it is known
3972	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-29	I feel vindicated. He finally had a chance to steal a scene for himself, and steal it he did. I love Roose.
I think they're going to build him up in tandem with Ramsay. We'll see both of them peak in their villainy around episode 9 IMO.
3973	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-29	"You'll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it"
His exchange with Locke was brilliant since we have only seen polite Roose up to now.
3974	scurvy	2013-04-29	I'm just glad he spoke softly this episode instead of normal conversational tone.
3975	Dove	2013-04-29	Roose is my favorite villain of the series, looking forward to seeing more of the dude since his introduction has been so subtle up to this point. In retrospect it was probably better to handle him this way rather than BAM leeches, wow this dude is obvs evil. Bit by bit, episode by episode, more of that 'ol Bolton weirdness is coming out.What makes me laugh is how many non-readers take an instant liking to him as some kind of badass northern Tywin Lannister equivilant. His symbol is a dessicrated corpse, y'all, c'mon. It's still pretty obvious something's up. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3976	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	"You'll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it"His exchange with Locke was brilliant since we have only seen polite Roose up to now.That was awesome.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I thought his trolling of Jaime was an interesting touch.  A little hint of cruelty, vis a vis the overt sadism of bastard son Ramsay.  Lots of opportunity for parallels between those two.
3977	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Love TV Roose, His trolling of Jaime was awesome, Can't wait for their dinner together next week.
3978	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	Can't wait for their dinner together next week.+1
3979	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	I like how he dangled Cerseis fate in front of Jaimie, kind of hinting at their true relationship, like he did in the books, but with a little more subtlety.
3980	Conchobar	2013-04-29	I still find his accent weird though, is it Irish or English?
3981	The Flaying Man	2013-04-29	Thanks for creating this thread. He certainly did steal this scene, and I can't wait for the dinner scene. McElhatton gives off just the right uneasy vibe, and his cold eyes are great!
3982	Nezzer	2013-04-29	Ruse Trollton is becoming one my favorite characters in the show. I love how the Boltons are being marked as trolls. First Ramsay masterfully trolls Theon with his fake rescue, Locke trolled Jaime with the horse piss and the hand, and now even Roose is trolling Jaime with his evil joke. I think I'll enjoy them more in the show than in the books if they keep doing this /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3983	cuendillar	2013-04-29	I think they're going to put spell out both Roose's treachery and Ramsay's identity in the same episode, most likely the RW one. The hints are placed, but the reveal cannot be more shocking than that - and an earlier reveal of the Bolton's true nature risks making the RW less unexpected, I think they would want to avoid that. OF course, they might make the RW the ending scene of that episode and put the Ramsay reveal first thing in the next one, but a juxtaposition would be cool.
3984	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Ruse Trollton  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3985	Nezzer	2013-04-29	Thanks for creating this thread. He certainly did steal this scene, and I can't wait for the dinner scene. McElhatton gives off just the right uneasy vibe, and his cold eyes are great!Aye, the dinner scene looks very promising. Roose sounds so creepy in the preview. Mike Mac is nailing the role and he was perfectly cast.
3986	TheDarkOne	2013-04-29	Next to Joff and Stannis, Roose is my favorite character. I cannot wait until his big moment. I sincerely hope when he gives Jamie's regards to Robb it's a long scene in slow motion.
3987	Nezzer	2013-04-29	I think they're going to put spell out both Roose's treachery and Ramsay's identity in the same episode, most likely the RW one. The hints are placed, but the reveal cannot be more shocking than that - and an earlier reveal of the Bolton's true nature risks making the RW less unexpected, I think they would want to avoid that. OF course, they might make the RW the ending scene of that episode and put the Ramsay reveal first thing in the next one, but a juxtaposition would be cool.I have the feeling that Ramsay's identity will be revealed next episode already. Roose's dinner scene will already "besmirch" House Bolton's loyalty to Robb, especially for the TWOP Unsullied, who have been keeping an eye on Roose since season 2.
3988	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	What makes me laugh is how many non-readers take an instant liking to him as some kind of badass northern Tywin Lannister equivilant. His symbol is a dessicrated corpse, y'all, c'mon. It's still pretty obvious something's up. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Well he basically is. He's super smart and calculating. He's a crazier, crueler version of Tywin.
3989	A Real Dire Wolf	2013-04-29	I want to dislike Roose out of principle (Stark fan don'tcha know), but he makes it hard sometimes.
3990	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	Roose is such a loveable chap.
3991	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-29	I love it when he exerts his authority (like when he snapped at Locke); he really has the powerful voice for it. He should wear that fur cloak from S2 more, though...
And yeah, maybe the Ramsay -- by name -- reveal will be next week.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 29 April 2013 - 02:10 PM.
3992	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	I love it when he exerts his authority (like when he snapped at Locke); he really has the powerful voice for it. He should wear that fur cloak from S2 more, though...And yeah, maybe the Ramsay -- by name -- reveal will be next week.Send my regards to Tywin Lannister will you?(and I'll send yours to Robb Stark....can't wait for that line)
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 29 April 2013 - 02:14 PM.
3993	Khal Vader	2013-04-29	Only with GoT/ASoIaF can the viewers and readers like so many bad guys. I love it.
3994	A Real Dire Wolf	2013-04-29	Roose is such a loveable chap.In a weird, weird way, he kind of is. Well, he's funny when he strings Jaime along, and we haven't really seen the supposed full extent of his evil-ness, unlike Ramsey who wears it on his sleeve.
3995	JMJ	2013-04-29	Mentioned this in another thread, but I'm really hoping for the Fat Walda storyline to be included next week.
3996	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-29	Roose's trolling was great. Just proves that most actors can have more fun as bad guys /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3997	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	In a weird, weird way, he kind of is. Well, he's funny when he strings Jaime along, and we haven't really seen the supposed full extent of his evil-ness, unlike Ramsey who wears it on his sleeve.I feel really evil but I did laugh when Roose tells Ramsay not to make him rue the day he raped his mother. Dark humour indeed. But yes, in the books I pegged Roose  as a heartless man who could potentially betray Robb but I was never certain. And so the events of the RW had a nice balance between making sense and being surprised. And in ADWD I find him to be one of the most compelling villains of the series - far more than Ramsay, whose evil I find over the top.
3998	Conchobar	2013-04-29	Because my English friends are sure he has a strong irish accent, and my Irish friends don't know what kind of accent he has in the show. This kind of stuff freaks me out because I am a little OCD on accents.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 29 April 2013 - 02:24 PM.
3999	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-29	What I really like about "Hold your tongue unless you want to lose it" and what I even like about giving the "no, haven't lost it, it's right here" line to Locke in the context of that scene is that it's an hint -- not an overt statement -- that Locke was "excessive" and Roose is unhappy with Locke cutting Jaime's hand off (at minimum because the exposed stump put Jaime's life at risk).
It'll be fun to compare/contrast how Roose deals with Locke next(?) week vs. how Robb dealt with Rickard Karstark.
The Jaime/Roose conversation is a favorite stop of mine on ASOS rereads, really looking forward to it's translation to screen.
4000	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	I wonder how viewers will react to Roose letting Jaime go. Will they see it as a betrayal of Robb or will they be too busy celebrating Jaime's new found freedom/worring about Brienne's fate?
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 29 April 2013 - 02:38 PM.
4001	The Flaying Man	2013-04-29	Because my English friends are sure he has a strong irish accent, and my Irish friends don't know what kind of accent he has in the show. This kind of stuff freaks me out because I am a little OCD on accents.The actor is Irish but has adopted an English accent for the purposes of the show.
4002	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	What makes me laugh is how many non-readers take an instant liking to him as some kind of badass northern Tywin Lannister equivilant. His symbol is a dessicrated corpse, y'all, c'mon. It's still pretty obvious something's up. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Tbh that's exactly how I perceived him reading the books... When he killed Robb I was initially sad, but eventually I became happy he became a more central character to the series because every time he says something or you hear something about him, it's something interesting.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 April 2013 - 03:39 PM.
4003	White Raven	2013-04-29	I'm very glad they show the house sigil of Bolton very prominent in the show (because of Theon?).
And I want to see leeches at some point.
4004	Warrior Queen	2013-04-29	Mentioned this in another thread, but I'm really hoping for the Fat Walda storyline to be included next week.Me too! I love Fat Walda. I can't wait for the dinner scene with Roose and Jaime, it's gonna be awesome!
4005	Dove	2013-04-29	Oh, agreed, I see him as a very similar character to Tywin as well - cold, calculating, efficient. I just mean how many watchers go "Yep, this guy, he's totally trustworthy. I'm glad Robb has such a competent bannerman/advisor."
nnnooopppe /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4006	Red Knight	2013-04-29	i didnt appreciate his joke, that's not in his characterbut i loved the "You'll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it"
4007	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I think he meant it as psychological torture rather than a joke - something which seems pretty in character for Roose.
4008	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	THE ROOSE IS LOOSE! THE ROOSE IS LOOSE! THE ROOSE IS LOOSE! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />(#1 Roose fan grl)
4009	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	Haha I remember last season when Roose was first introduced I was like... who is this guy with Robb? I like his style he doesn't take any bullshit, I'm glad Robb has someone like that. And then I read the books.... he is my favourite "villain" along with the Bastard
The interactions between him and Ramsay should be amazing in the future seasons.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 06:35 PM.
4010	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-29	<br /><b>Warning</b>:  require_once() [<a href='function.require-once'>function.require-once</a>]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in <b>/home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php</b> on line <b>1162</b><br />Ruse Trollton is becoming one my favorite characters in the show. I love how the Boltons are being marked as trolls. First Ramsay masterfully trolls Theon with his fake rescue, Locke trolled Jaime with the horse piss and the hand, and now even Roose is trolling Jaime with his evil joke. I think I'll enjoy them more in the show than in the books if they keep doing this /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Roose will troll Brienne next episode most likely. I hope they keep the "were I you, I would worry less about Starks and rather more about sapphires" line. Roose is a cruel SOB.
4011	shiola	2013-04-29	Does anyone find him kind of sexy?
No?
 /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
4012	Dove	2013-04-29	I figured they would tone down Roose's creeper-factor and put off the Ramsay reveal until closer to the RW, but I'm not so sure after watching the preview for the next episode. Looks like we'll be getting a double-dose of Bolton-grade weirdness from the two of them.
4013	acedrian	2013-04-29	In the books I knew he was an evil bastard way back in that scene with Arya at Harrenhal - when she dares speak to him without his permission - and its described something like 'he looked at her as if a piece of furniture suddenly started talking' - and then his answer to her question went something like 'you know I could have you killed for that - but since I'm in a good mood, I'll humour you...' /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Although its probably common for lords to treat their servants like that, this exchange instantly changed the way I thought of him - even though it was a long way before his actual evil/betrayal was revealed.
4014	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	This was the episode in which Roose was supposed to start coming into his own, and he didn't disappoint. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4015	shiola	2013-04-29	I'm so excited for any scene with him in it.  The dinner scene is going to be awesome!
He's not at Harrenhal when the Bear and the Maiden Fair happens, right?  So a lot is gonna go down in his arc next episode, I presume.  News of Edmure's engagement, dinner with Jaime, and leaving Harrenhal.
4016	The Flaying Man	2013-04-29	I'm so excited for any scene with him in it.  The dinner scene is going to be awesome!He's not at Harrenhal when the Bear and the Maiden Fair happens, right?  So a lot is gonna go down in his arc next episode, I presume.  News of Edmure's engagement, dinner with Jaime, and leaving Harrenhal.Yep, he and Jaime leave at more or less the same time, albeit in different directions. I have been so impressed with the handling of Roose's character so far, and it should only get better from here on out!
4017	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	Roose is my third favorite character and the show is doing him justice.  I want him to be a bit scarier/creepier.  Maybe instead of dinner, they can have the same conversation while Roose is getting leached.
He's clearly the smartest of the Northern lords.  Didnt he already sabotage Glover and co?
4018	Nezzer	2013-04-29	Does anyone find him kind of sexy?No? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />Yeah, I have a mancrush on him. He has the most epic voice in the show IMHO.
4019	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	This was the episode in which Roose was supposed to start coming into his own, and he didn't disappoint. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yep, after the RW this guy and Ramsey are taking Robb and Talissas time slot in the TV show. Thank the gods, the Old and the New. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4020	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	Yeah, I have a mancrush on him. He has the most epic voice in the show IMHO.Oh yeah, that as well /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I approve of Roose looking like Vladimir Putin.
4021	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-29	Heck yes, his voice is awesome. (Like father like son) He has an interesting face too--nice brow/nose line, and quite pretty eyes. He must be the common ancestor of Putin and Daniel Craig.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 29 April 2013 - 08:41 PM.
4022	shiola	2013-04-29	Yeah, I have a mancrush on him. He has the most epic voice in the show IMHO.That award goes to Iain Glen and every time he growls khaleesi   /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
4023	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	I'm so excited for any scene with him in it.  The dinner scene is going to be awesome!He's not at Harrenhal when the Bear and the Maiden Fair happens, right?  So a lot is gonna go down in his arc next episode, I presume.  News of Edmure's engagement, dinner with Jaime, and leaving Harrenhal.Why isn't he at Harrenhal?  Do we think it will be Locke who puts her in the bear pit?
4024	shiola	2013-04-29	Why isn't he at Harrenhal?  Do we think it will be Locke who puts her in the bear pit?He wasn't at Harrenhal in the books because he was on his way to either Robb or the Twins, I think.  Vargo put her in the bear pit.  YOU THLEW MY BEAR KINGTHLAYER
4025	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	Roose is my third favorite character and the show is doing him justice.  I want him to be a bit scarier/creepier.  Maybe instead of dinner, they can have the same conversation while Roose is getting leached.He's clearly the smartest of the Northern lords.  Didnt he already sabotage Glover and co?The sabotage comes along with his departure to Edmure's wedding.
4026	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	I absolutely loved the way Michael McElhatton delivered the line "You've lost a hand". It really brought out the muted concern Roose has over the situation. Oh, and his evil joke was totally Roose-ish. I'm liking the casting choice more and more.
Oh, and has anybody else seen the teaser for next week? Looks like we're seeing both Roose and Ramsay next week, and Ramsay seems to be back to his old habits /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 30 April 2013 - 03:03 AM.
4027	Conchobar	2013-04-30	Hey dudes, I'm just putting it out there, I aint gay, but I'd let him Roose my Bolton any day.
4028	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	I agree with the sexy Roose thing.
I'm also starting to see the Ramsay-Roose similarities now. I'll ask my non-reader friends if they think Roose is similar to anyone else they've seen.
4029	Conchobar	2013-04-30	They look similar. But I still find it weird that Roose has a neutral Irish accent and Ramsay, his son, has a poshish English accent.
4030	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	They look similar. But I still find it weird that Roose has a neutral Irish accent and Ramsay, his son, has a poshish English accent.I meant more in attitude. Ramsay with his Theon troll, Roose with his Jaime troll.
4031	Conchobar	2013-04-30	I think people will find this amusing, if they are wondering what Roose looked like as a 28 - 30 year old man.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=adv4XGIhlzohttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=DBJmSSkom6o
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 30 April 2013 - 03:46 AM.
4032	MacNille	2013-04-30	I know that I should hate Bolton, but I can't he is such a bastard but he is damn smart as well!
4033	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	Does anyone find him kind of sexy?No? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> Well, he's definitely a real man with a lot of charisma.
4034	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-30	They look similar. But I still find it weird that Roose has a neutral Irish accent and Ramsay, his son, has a poshish English accent.I think Ramsay's voice was affected. He sounds less posh in the promo for next week. Still pretty English though, so I guess he has delusions of eloquence.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 30 April 2013 - 05:26 AM.
4035	Songlian	2013-04-30	I (hate-)loved Roose in the books, and I (hate-)love Roose in the movies. I think he deserves more personal moments. The actor hasn't convinced me yet, but I'm waiting for it to happen aaaany time.
4036	Currawong	2013-04-30	Oh yes. I am definitely looking forward to the Roose -Jaime-Brienne dinner next week.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />    The little glimpse in the promo where Brienne is obviously angry at something that's been said (the 'worry about sapphires' comment?) and starts to pick up her knife, and Jaime just puts his left hand quietly over hers to still it.    I always love reading the Harrenhal dinner because of the careful verbal fencing between Roose and Jaime, with Jaime hoping that Brienne 'gets' what is going on and doesn't interrupt.
4037	Battlekitten	2013-04-30	Oh dear
You know how pregnant women are supposed to have strange dreams? Giving birth to fish that type of thing
After watching Kissed By Fire I dreamt of Roose Bloody Bolton
I just hope I will pop out this baby as fast as fat walda pops in tarts.  :/
4038	Darryk	2013-04-30	So anyone else worried there's a danger of people actually cheering for Roose Bolton during the RW?
4039	The Flaying Man	2013-04-30	So anyone else worried there's a danger of people actually cheering for Roose Bolton during the RW?I think that's a genuine concern. Robb just keeps spiraling downwards, and the dinner scene should be very memorable and gain some Roose fans.
4040	Jslay427	2013-04-30	They will have to have Roose make his way to the Twins for Edmures wedding, any change from the book about the RW is forbidden I would bet.
4041	kephv	2013-04-30	I wish Brienne would've told him he tried to rape her. Would've loved to see his displeased response.
And yes, the Starks will fall, but the Boltons will rise. Can't wait -- especially since I don't particularly care for show Robb.
4042	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	So anyone else worried there's a danger of people actually cheering for Roose Bolton during the RW?I doubt it. As of now, the Unsullied viewers would have noticed him, but I doubt they care too much about him at this point. It's just us book readers that really cherish his scenes.
4043	mafalda	2013-04-30	I love it when he exerts his authority (like when he snapped at Locke); he really has the powerful voice for it. He should wear that fur cloak from S2 more, though...And yeah, maybe the Ramsay -- by name -- reveal will be next week.I loved that fur cloak! It only helps his badassness.I feel really evil but I did laugh when Roose tells Ramsay not to make him rue the day he raped his mother. Dark humour indeed.But yes, in the books I pegged Roose  as a heartless man who could potentially betray Robb but I was never certain. And so the events of the RW had a nice balance between making sense and being surprised. And in ADWD I find him to be one of the most compelling villains of the series - far more than Ramsay, whose evil I find over the top.It's ok, I did too. I probably laughed harder than I should have at that too /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Because my English friends are sure he has a strong irish accent, and my Irish friends don't know what kind of accent he has in the show. This kind of stuff freaks me out because I am a little OCD on accents.I don't know where he comes from, but if all the men there sound like that then I'm moving!Does anyone find him kind of sexy?No? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />Hell YES I have such a huge crush on this man! His voice, his demeanor, everything. I like older men anyway, just this thing I have. And not just KIND OF sexy, a LOT sexy. I could stare at this man and listen to him talk all day... okay, I seriously have to stop now, I could go on all day about my giant crush on him (and Ser Davos and Dany.. but mostly Roose!)! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
4044	Conchobar	2013-04-30	I don't know where he comes from, but if all the men there sound like that then I'm movingHe is from Kerry in Ireland, and my parents seem to think he has a neutral Kerry accent, sort of like I have a neutral Limerick accent. I guess the show runners thought that Roose had such a unique voice in the books that if the got him to keep his natural speaking voice(Michael has a great voice outside of the show as wellhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=B1xxqPE4I4g,  http://www.youtube.c...h?v=adv4XGIhlzo) he would stand out from the rest of the English accents to convey Roose as someone significant. Maybe.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 30 April 2013 - 09:26 AM.
4045	mafalda	2013-04-30	He is from Kerry in Ireland, and my parents seem to think he has a neutral Kerry accent, sort of like I have a neutral Limerick accent. I guess the show runners thought that Roose had such a unique voice in the books that if the got him to keep his natural speaking voice(Michael has a great voice outside of the show as wellhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=B1xxqPE4I4g,  http://www.youtube.c...h?v=adv4XGIhlzo) he would stand out from the rest of the English accents to convey Roose as someone significant. Maybe.Thank you Cellio! I prefer my Roose in mail and a fur cape as oppossed to a yellow sweater but any opportunity I get to listen to that man talk is a golden moment /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Well that settles it.. I'm moving to Ireland!
4046	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Oh no it's happened I fancy Roose Bolton o ffs you might aswell just shoot me now /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
4047	Conchobar	2013-04-30	Oh no it's happened I fancy Roose Bolton o ffs you might aswell just shoot me now /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Hey, I fancy him, and I am a straight guy.
4048	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	He's a horrible person though. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4049	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	He needs to sport more pink.
4050	Conchobar	2013-04-30	Thank you Cellio! I prefer my Roose in mail and a fur cape as oppossed to a yellow sweater but any opportunity I get to listen to that man talk is a golden moment /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Well that settles it.. I'm moving to Ireland!Funnily enough the sketch in the first link I sent you is very similar to what he did to Jaime! "Perspective!" LolHe needs to sport more pink.Pink leather and latex.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 30 April 2013 - 10:18 AM.
4051	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Pink leather and latex.If anyone can pull it off, it's Roose
4052	Conchobar	2013-04-30	If anyone can pull it off, it's RooseMaybe a flayed man whip as well.I get the feeling there are going to be man crush memes for Roose Bolton before too long.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 30 April 2013 - 10:43 AM.
4053	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-30	Oh dearYou know how pregnant women are supposed to have strange dreams? Giving birth to fish that type of thingAfter watching Kissed By Fire I dreamt of Roose Bloody BoltonI just hope I will pop out this baby as fast as fat walda pops in tarts.  :/LOL! Too funny! I dreamed about Peg and Al Bundy when pregnant.  Pregnancy dreams are crazy.I enjoyed Roose this episode and the next will be better.  I think my unsullied family is starting to pick up on something being up with him and the next one should start to bring that out even more.
4054	mafalda	2013-04-30	Funnily enough the sketch in the first link I sent you is very similar to what he did to Jaime! "Perspective!" LolPink leather and latex.Ha! It is! I didn't watch much of the second one because he's too young in it. The older age factor plays a big role in determining my crushes. I have such a huge thing for older men.And pink leather and latex, hmm.. am I supposed to be thinking about what I'm thinking or is my mind in the gutter (as it usually is /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> )
4055	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-30	Does anyone find him kind of sexy?No? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />.I do. Although he won me over earlier, when they get to Harrenhal and he says something to Karstark along the lines of 'my best hunters are after him'...He's got this James Bond vibe about him, maybe it's the eyes, they remind me of Daniel Craig's cold Bond stare.
4056	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-30	Yup, screw my usual southern belle reserve, that man is uber sexy.
4057	Battlekitten	2013-04-30	Roose is evil
And he kills people I cheered for. And takes over Winterfell. And is generally the villain par excellence. 
He should not be hounding my dreams. 
Pink leather and latex will give me nightmares. Shudder.
4058	Dragonstoned	2013-04-30	I still think they should have got Putin to play Roose Bolton.  That said, I can't imagine any actual actors doing it better than Michael McElhatton.  Favourite villain ever probably.
4059	Conchobar	2013-04-30	Roose is evilAnd he kills people I cheered for. And takes over Winterfell. And is generally the villain par excellence.He should not be hounding my dreams.Pink leather and latex will give me nightmares. Shudder.*WHIP LASH*
4060	The Fourth Head	2013-04-30	I agree about Michael McElhatton's amazing voice; his voice comes in my head when I read the book.
My only fear is whether the actor, in 3/4 years time, will start looking aged? Roose is described as unwrinkled- ageless. Maybe McElhatton should start investigating life-preserving creepy medieval practices?
4061	shiola	2013-04-30	Yup, screw my usual southern belle reserve, that man is uber sexy.Don't mind me giggling in the corner
4062	shiola	2013-04-30	I agree about Michael McElhatton's amazing voice; his voice comes in my head when I read the book.My only fear is whether the actor, in 3/4 years time, will start looking aged? Roose is described as unwrinkled- ageless. Maybe McElhatton should start investigating life-preserving creepy medieval practices?Nonreaders will not care how he looks, and I don't even remember that description from the books so I dunno how important it is?  Maybe I'm missing something
4063	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-30	I agree about Michael McElhatton's amazing voice; his voice comes in my head when I read the book.My only fear is whether the actor, in 3/4 years time, will start looking aged? Roose is described as unwrinkled- ageless. Maybe McElhatton should start investigating life-preserving creepy medieval practices?Book!Roose is described as a health nut though; the hippocras instead of wine, the leeches, etc. TV!Roose doesn't really have that angle.
4064	TorontoThrone	2013-04-30	People keep saying Roose reminds them of James Bond. Does anyone else think he looks like Vladamir Putin?
    *Ha I just looked a couple posts up to see that people are saying the same thing.
					
					
							Edited by TorontoThrone, 30 April 2013 - 01:53 PM.
4065	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	That award goes to Iain Glen and every time he growls khaleesi   /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Rory McCann has THE Voice, these fools are mere pretenders! /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />Seriously loving Roose, he was the highlight of DwD for me. He has all of Tywin's evil, with none of the hypocrisy. What's not to love?His trolling was hilarious, and I love the actors eyes. Honestly, does he blink? Or is he just burning right through me with his acidic gaze? His delivery was cold as ice too, just perfect. I'm kinda still hoping for leeches, but I guess that would be like placing a sign saying "THIS GUY'S FUCKIN EVIL YO" on his forehead.
4066	Calidad	2013-04-30	If he let's Jaime go in the next episode, will that make it obvious that he is or will be betraying Robb? I forget how it was handled in the books?
					
					
							Edited by Calidad, 30 April 2013 - 02:02 PM.
4067	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-30	Ugh, I want to see Roose/Ramsay interaction ASAP. McElhatton and Rheon might have great chemistry on screen.
4068	The Flaying Man	2013-04-30	Ugh, I want to see Roose/Ramsay interaction ASAP. McElhatton and Rheon might have great chemistry on screen.I wouldn't be surprised if we get a Roose/Ramsay interaction early in season 4. Given the teleportation devices available thanks to Littlefinger, it shouldn't take the Trollton too long to return north.
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 30 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
4069	iheartseverus	2013-04-30	His trolling was hilarious, and I love the actors eyes. Honestly, does he blink?Roose totally stole that no-blinking-allowed-trick from Charles Dance as lawyer Tulkinghorn in 'Bleak House.'   Honestly, it was making me frantic watching his evil, cruel zero-blink self!  Blink, goddamnit, BLINK!  Go ahead, torment Scully to death, I don't give a rip, but BLINK!'LOL, speaking of getting frantic, Jaime made me frantic in the bath scene with Brienne--he's in this huge gorgeous steaming hot-tub full of clear, clean water, and he sits there spilling out his Big Reveal, with his filthy face and stringy filthy hair.  'Stop talking and just dip your head in the freakin' water!'Seriously, I gotta get a life...
4070	Tyrion4President	2013-04-30	They look similar. But I still find it weird that Roose has a neutral Irish accent and Ramsay, his son, has a poshish English accent.that comes with being his bastard lol
4071	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-30	I'm loving this topic. You guys are right, he does look a bit life Putin  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 30 April 2013 - 03:04 PM.
4072	iheartseverus	2013-04-30	I just read a review where they called Roose 'James Bond Bolton.'  So, obviously that gives us...
DC + VP = RB
/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4073	Conchobar	2013-04-30	Just to clarify, all the posters who find him sexy are dudes? Right??
4074	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	Of course. Those eyes are just mesmerizing. He can flay my skin any day!
4075	mafalda	2013-04-30	Just to clarify, all the posters who find him sexy are dudes? Right??Nope. Girl here! But a lot of guys here do seem to have a man crush on him, which is awesome. I mean who better to have a man crush on than Roose? Effing pretty boy Jon? Pass.Not as to say that Jon isn't a handsome guy, he is.. he's just no Roose!
4076	Dove	2013-04-30	Roose~~~
You had me at "Before you make me rue the day I raped your mother"
Really though, McElhatton is fantastic and a very inspired casting choice. Roose is an amazing villain/character and it seems like we're all pretty much unanimous in enjoying his TV adaptation so far, which is rare for the nominally fussy westeros.org. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
4077	iheartseverus	2013-04-30	Nope. Girl here! But a lot of guys here do seem to have a man crush on him, which is awesome. I mean who better to have a man crush on than Roose? Effing pretty boy Jon? Pass.Not as to say that Jon isn't a handsome guy, he is.. he's just no Roose!Girl here, too!!   Maybe its the combination of the blend of James Bond (Daniel Craig) and Vladamir Putin vibes--smooth, cold, dangerous power, and growly tiger voice.  As Jaime rightly said 'we can't help who we love.'/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4078	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	I mean who better to have a man crush on than Roose?I can only think of equals like Stannis! Ser Jorah! Ser Davos! Even Ser Barristan! They're epitomes of masculinity and male strength without becoming ridiculous and overblown (thus, still possessing feelings and weaknesses) in a way that would suggest they were meant to be that and just that and fail for exactly that reason (Darkstar anyone?), I think it's only logical some of us would look up to them.'Thee whores Podrick' on the other hand? Forget it.If he let's Jaime go in the next episode, will that make it obvious that he is or will be betraying Robb? I forget how it was handled in the books?Yeah, I think this is unavoidable, unless the show goes entirely another direction. I remember in the book it didn't completely warn me of his impending treason though, I was still kinda surprised, but only kinda.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 07:14 PM.
4079	mafalda	2013-04-30	I can only think of equals like Stannis! Ser Jorah! Ser Davos! Even Ser Barristan! They're epitomes of masculinity and male strength without becoming ridiculous and overblown (thus, still possessing feelings and weaknesses) in a way that would suggest they were meant to be that and just that and fail for exactly that reason (Darkstar anyone?), I think it's only logical some of us would look up to them.'Thee whores Podrick' on the other hand? Forget it.Yeah, I think this is unavoidable, unless the show goes entirely another direction. I remember in the book it didn't completely warn me of his impending treason though, I was still kinda surprised, but only kinda.I completely agree with you on Ser Davos! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> He's my third crush on the show (after Roose and Dany) but I have to differ with you on Stannis. I am the only person who doesn't like him.. or it's not necessarily dislike, I just don't care for him, though his storylines are interesting. And BOOK Barristan, yeah, show Barristan-no. Or I'll take show Barristan on S1, not current Barristan. I was sooo looking forward to his return, but now that he's back it's kind of meh for me. I can't pinpoint it. S1 he had a certain flair about him that was supremely sexy, but he does nothing for me now /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I definitely acknowledge your man crushes though, StannisandDaeny!
4080	mafalda	2013-04-30	Girl here, too!!   Maybe its the combination of the blend of James Bond (Daniel Craig) and Vladamir Putin vibes--smooth, cold, dangerous power, and growly tiger voice.  As Jaime rightly said 'we can't help who we love.' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Hello my fellow Pothead!Everyone compares RB to James Bond and Putin but I don't feel anything for either of them the way I feel about Roose. But yes, he totally has everything you described, resulting in my huge crush on him!Fat Walda, I'm coming at you!Okay, I'm finished telling the world about my Roose crush.. for today! Sorry about the double post too!By the way, Severus Snape has a beautiful voice too. No crush here, but I could so close my eyes and listen to him talk all day. Maybe he can read me Deathly Hallows.
4081	iheartseverus	2013-04-30	By the way, Severus Snape has a beautiful voice too. No crush here, but I could so close my eyes and listen to him talk all day. Maybe he can read me Deathly Hallows.Very quick derail here, then back on topic.  In an interview, Alan Rickman said that he often spends evenings reading poetry to his live-in ladylove of nearly 40 years.  eeep, be still, my heart.Quick as a flash--back on topic!  Roose Bolton!!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4082	Jolene Brown	2013-04-30	That's not a derail, that's a 60 car pileup.  How do you expect anyone to focus on anything else after that?
4083	iheartseverus	2013-04-30	That's not a derail, that's a 60 car pileup.  How do you expect anyone to focus on anything else after that?/laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Don't kill me, Mods.  With this, I'm done and outa here, promise!http://www.youtube.c...h?v=xP06F0yynicLord BoltonRoose BoltonLord of the Dreadfort
4084	Jolene Brown	2013-04-30	Someone post that gif of Roose Bolton flipping his fur cloak in disgust at Robb and Talisa, QUICK.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 01 May 2013 - 12:12 AM.
4085	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Maybe D&D will read this and throw in a depraved Roose/Fat Walda sex scene next season.  Roose can do hippocrass body shots off her then take her on a trestle table at a feast for his bastard.
4086	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-30	I've never worn pink in my life until my House Bolton shirt came in. Yup...it's a dude-crush.
4087	Head of The Ned	2013-04-30	Someone post that gif of Roose Bolton flipping his fur coak in disgust at Robb and Talisa, QUICK.It's even better eight timeshttp://theoldgods.tu...-bolton-edition
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 30 April 2013 - 09:42 PM.
4088	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Maybe D&D will read this and throw in a depraved Roose/Fat Walda sex scene next season.  Roose can do hippocrass body shots off her then take her on a trestle table at a feast for his bastard.Except they'd cast a young beauty from the Summer Isles as Walda and change her name to Phat Walda instead. Sorry if that was offensive.
4089	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Except they'd cast a young beauty from the Summer Isles as Walda and change her name to Phat Walda instead. Sorry if that was offensive.With a big weasely Frey nose?  That's a tough casting.Ill take a phat Walda any day.
4090	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-30	Girl here, too!!   Maybe its the combination of the blend of James Bond (Daniel Craig) and Vladamir Putin vibes--smooth, cold, dangerous power, and growly tiger voice.  As Jaime rightly said 'we can't help who we love.' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />QFT! I'm a girlie as well.Roose has those piercing eyes. Garooooowl! Plus, I have a voice fetish. Smexy older guys will fully-developed vocal chords...eeeee! Also the reason Dany's sex appeal jacked up the moment she started speaking Valyrian. Yowza!"Jaime Lannister sends his regards" might make my TV fry from awesomeness. Yes I am aware that scene is otherwise tragic, but whatever, that line rocks. To briefly mention the other Bolton, Ramsay's actor has that fantastic ability to look sexy one moment and freaky as hell the next. His hottest moment is by far The Swagger. Love how Ramsay summed up Game of Thrones in its entirety: "If you think this has a happy ending, you haven<U+0080><U+0099>t been paying attention."
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 30 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
4091	Jolene Brown	2013-05-01	It's even better eight timeshttp://theoldgods.tu...-bolton-editionThis is what separates the wheat from the chaff, right there.  Pure genius.
4092	Conchobar	2013-05-01	Of course. Those eyes are just mesmerizing. He can flay my skin any day!I'd lay siege to his dreadfort anyway.Hello my fellow Pothead!Everyone compares RB to James Bond and Putin but I don't feel anything for either of them the way I feel about Roose. But yes, he totally has everything you described, resulting in my huge crush on him!Fat Walda, I'm coming at you!Okay, I'm finished telling the world about my Roose crush.. for today! Sorry about the double post too!By the way, Severus Snape has a beautiful voice too. No crush here, but I could so close my eyes and listen to him talk all day. Maybe he can read me Deathly Hallows.You could tell she smoked by simply reading her words?!?!? WOH!Wait now do me!....As in assess my words to see if I am a stoner, not the other thing.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 01 May 2013 - 03:43 AM.
4093	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-01	When I was reading book two, I kept screaming for Arya to reveal herself to Roose so he could send her back to the family.  Oh, how little did I know!  I mean, he was such a vampiric character but for some reason I felt like I could trust him, right up until the end.  GRRM really wrote him well.
4094	Conchobar	2013-05-01	I am wondering....Who is going to throw Jaime and Brienne into the bear pit?.....I mean....it can't be Roose right?
4095	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	I'm guessing it would be just like it is in the books. Roose sends Jaime back to KL before leaving Harrenhal with Locke in charge. Locke then throws Brienne in the bear pit.
4096	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-05-01	More Bolton fans! Too long have we been marginalised by the Stark loyalists. Now, at last, we will claim what isn't rightfully ours! Muhahahaha. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
4097	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	I completely agree with you on Ser Davos! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> He's my third crush on the show (after Roose and Dany) but I have to differ with you on Stannis. I am the only person who doesn't like him.. or it's not necessarily dislike, I just don't care for him, though his storylines are interesting. And BOOK Barristan, yeah, show Barristan-no. Or I'll take show Barristan on S1, not current Barristan. I was sooo looking forward to his return, but now that he's back it's kind of meh for me. I can't pinpoint it. S1 he had a certain flair about him that was supremely sexy, but he does nothing for me now /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I definitely acknowledge your man crushes though, StannisandDaeny!Part of the reason I like Davos so much is because Liam Cunningham is such a great guy... I like Davos in the books too because he's been through so much shit and to me, doesn't have a speck of evil in him (has any man ever had a more dutiful, just servant?) but Liam Cunningham gives him a little bit extra, namely humour, something Davos doesn't really have. His commentary with Carice Van Houten must be one of the greatest things ever.I put Stannis there because I admire his ability to remain unfazed despite the odds or what happens, like right after the explosion at the Blackwater.I think what's lacking about Ser Barristan is his KG armour... It gave him a sense of majesty which the rags he wears right now don't have and also made him look younger. When he drew his sword and made the entire king's hall shit their pants, that was just totally badass too. At any rate, what I admire about him is his desire to serve (what he thinks is) the right cause and set right past mistakes. Despite being crushed by doubt and having low self-esteem (as shown in his POVs) he remains one of the most competent followers one could wish for.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 May 2013 - 04:57 AM.
4098	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	I'd lay siege to his dreadfort anyway.I wouldn't mind seeing just how sharp his "blade" is, hehehehehe........
4099	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	His commentary with Carice Van Houten must be one of the greatest things ever."I read a book once. It was green"Ah Liam, youre truly my soul mate!
4100	Sun	2013-05-01	LOL I'm finding this thread slightly disturbing.
4101	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	LOL I'm finding this thread slightly disturbing.Nothing disturbing about having fantasies about the Rooseman. It's slightly disturbing if you DON'T fancy him.
4102	Conchobar	2013-05-01	"I read a book once. It was green"Ah Liam, youre truly my soul mate!Could you link me this?I wouldn't mind seeing just how sharp his "blade" is, hehehehehe........I'd....Love to leach him in a bath...
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 01 May 2013 - 05:34 AM.
4103	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Could you link me this?It's from Liam and Carice's commentary on the Garden of Bones episode.
4104	Conchobar	2013-05-01	It's from Liam and Carice's commentary on the Garden of Bones episode.ah okay. Will check it out, I'm sure tis online somewhere, didn't buy the box set yet.
4105	Sun	2013-05-01	Nothing disturbing about having fantasies about the Rooseman. It's slightly disturbing if you DON'T fancy him.I'm familiar with the actor, I've seen him in other parts where he's been far less imposing (lately as an obsequious police chief in Ripper Street). So, no. I don't fancy him in the slightest, and statements like "he can flay my skin any day" although funny, also strike me as slightly creepy.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 01 May 2013 - 05:42 AM.
4106	Dove	2013-05-01	He could smash my portucullus any time....... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I'm familiar with the actor, I've seen him in other parts where he's been far less imposing (lately as an obsequious police chief in Ripper Street). So, no. I don't fancy him in the slightest, and statements like "he can flay my skin any day" although funny, also strike me as slightly creepy.I don't think it's serious. Shh! It's a secret.I've never actually seen McElhatton in anything else, but I've been impressed with his delivery since his first appearance in S2. He's gonna rock this character.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 01 May 2013 - 05:44 AM.
4107	Conchobar	2013-05-01	He could smash my portucullus any time....... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I don't think it's serious. Shh! It's a secret.I've never actually seen McElhatton in anything else, but I've been impressed with his delivery since his first appearance in S2. He's gonna rock this character.He is! I really wanna see him die in the books though, the dick.
4108	Sun	2013-05-01	I don't think it's serious. Shh! It's a secret.I've never actually seen McElhatton in anything else, but I've been impressed with his delivery since his first appearance in S2. He's gonna rock this character.Really? And there's me thinking they were volunteering to be flayed. I feel like such a fool. I'm quite familiar with him, he's no stranger to Brit TV. He's in Ice Cream Girls showing right now on ITV. I was planning to watch it this weekend.
4109	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-01	He could smash my portucullus any time.......I'd drink his hippocras any day /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />I can't wait for Roose and Ramsay to meet back up. Those two are a walking sitcom.
4110	Mulled Wino	2013-05-01	Part of the appeal of book Roose is that he's plain looking, soft spoken, yet he scares the wee wee out of everyone.
4111	mafalda	2013-05-01	Very quick derail here, then back on topic.  In an interview, Alan Rickman said that he often spends evenings reading poetry to his live-in ladylove of nearly 40 years.  eeep, be still, my heart.Quick as a flash--back on topic!  Roose Bolton!!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Don't make me melt here! I'd pay a months salary to let him read even the shortest of poems to me.That's not a derail, that's a 60 car pileup.  How do you expect anyone to focus on anything else after that?LMAO!QFT! I'm a girlie as well.Roose has those piercing eyes. Garooooowl! Plus, I have a voice fetish. Smexy older guys will fully-developed vocal chords...eeeee! Also the reason Dany's sex appeal jacked up the moment she started speaking Valyrian. Yowza!"Jaime Lannister sends his regards" might make my TV fry from awesomeness. Yes I am aware that scene is otherwise tragic, but whatever, that line rocks.To briefly mention the other Bolton, Ramsay's actor has that fantastic ability to look sexy one moment and freaky as hell the next. His hottest moment is by far The Swagger. Love how Ramsay summed up Game of Thrones in its entirety: "If you think this has a happy ending, you haven<U+0080><U+0099>t been paying attention.""Jaime Lannister sends his regards" will make ME fry from awesomeness. And as tragic as that scene is, I'm so over TV Robb at this point. Book Robb, I wept for, but TV Robb, I will not.I'd lay siege to his dreadfort anyway.You could tell she smoked by simply reading her words?!?!? WOH!Wait now do me!....As in assess my words to see if I am a stoner, not the other thing.Lol, hey you too can be a fellow Pothead! All it takes is picking up The Sorcerer's Stone /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> (Not the other stuff, ha!)Part of the reason I like Davos so much is because Liam Cunningham is such a great guy... I like Davos in the books too because he's been through so much shit and to me, doesn't have a speck of evil in him (has any man ever had a more dutiful, just servant?) but Liam Cunningham gives him a little bit extra, namely humour, something Davos doesn't really have. His commentary with Carice Van Houten must be one of the greatest things ever.I put Stannis there because I admire his ability to remain unfazed despite the odds or what happens, like right after the explosion at the Blackwater.I think what's lacking about Ser Barristan is his KG armour... It gave him a sense of majesty which the rags he wears right now don't have and also made him look younger. When he drew his sword and made the entire king's hall shit their pants, that was just totally badass too. At any rate, what I admire about him is his desire to serve (what he thinks is) the right cause and set right past mistakes. Despite being crushed by doubt and having low self-esteem (as shown in his POVs) he remains one of the most competent followers one could wish for.I totally agree with you on Davos and Barry. With Davos, it's funny how I can go from drooling over one extremity (Roose) to the next (Davos). They're different in everyway, personality wise. I had a crush on my Onion Knight before he even appeared on the show!You are RIGHT about Ser Barry, thank you! I've been trying to figure it out, I don't know how I couldn't see it. He's totally handsome in his armor, but in Essos, he's in rags and stuff. I'm sure with all the gold they plundered from XXD, they should have enough money to buy him some armor. And Dany a new outfit because she's been wearing the same one all season, but don't get me started on that!And I know I'm gonna sound like a jerk here, but if he's still one of the greatest knights ever, can he lose the potbelly? He's gained so much weight during S2, bt he knew he was coming back!Nothing disturbing about having fantasies about the Rooseman. It's slightly disturbing if you DON'T fancy him. You made me feel so much better about my obsession. Thank you!
4112	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-01	Sorry I thought this was the Roose Bolton hate club.
4113	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-01	Sorry I thought this was the Roose Bolton hate club.There's no such thing. There are people that love Roose, and there are Roose lovers in denial.
4114	Conchobar	2013-05-01	Sorry I thought this was the Roose Bolton hate club.I didn't actually understand the combination of words you just used.
4115	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-01	There's no such thing. There are people that love Roose, and there are Roose lovers in denial.You totally blew my mind, I've been living in denial this whole time, I'm gonna need some serious therapy after this. I didn't actually understand the combination of words you just used.Shhhhhhhhh it's ok you're having a nightmare induced by all that bloodloss, torture n phychological abuse, you must remember your name buddy, its ok ill try to save you all one at a time.
4116	The Flaying Man	2013-05-01	Sorry I thought this was the Roose Bolton hate club.The Roose Bolton hate club decorates the dungeon walls of the Dreadfort.
4117	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	When I was reading book two, I kept screaming for Arya to reveal herself to Roose so he could send her back to the family.  Oh, how little did I know!  I mean, he was such a vampiric character but for some reason I felt like I could trust him, right up until the end.  GRRM really wrote him well.Arya has good instincts, I remember that feeling too. Why isn't she revealing herself?!?! Then it made me stop and think - there's a good reason she isn't....Y'all can have Roose, I've reserved my GoT crushes for Ser Davos and Ser Jorah - mmm Iain Glenn mmm  I'm waiting to complete my Tormund crush once Tormund actually starts acting like TormundBut, this thread is very entertaining and I'm absolutely enjoying what he brings to the story.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 01 May 2013 - 07:57 AM.
4118	mafalda	2013-05-01	Arya has good instincts, I remember that feeling too. Why isn't she revealing herself?!?! Then it made me stop and think - there's a good reason she isn't....Y'all can have Roose, I've reserved my GoT crushes for Ser Davos and Ser Jorah - mmm Iain Glenn mmm  I'm waiting to complete my Tormund crush once Tormund actually starts acting like TormundBut, this thread is very entertaining and I'm absolutely enjoying what he brings to the story.I don't think they ever will let Tormund be Tormund /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> A lot of people say that the stuff that was comical in the books would translate badly on screen. Like Tormund's "har"s and talk about his member, all of the fools they've skipped over, Vargo Hoat and his lisp..And it sucks. I don't think it would have translated badly on screen. In books full of tragedy, they were our comic reliefs. The show very rarely has its humorous moments if Tyrion isn't on screen with his wit and sarcasm... they have to resort to chair dragging to allow us to have a chuckle or two (I did think that scene was funny and laugh everytime I see it, I'm just using it an an example)..And another thing people say would translate badly is the colorfulness of Essos. They all looks like Westerosi people. I wanted their bright, colorful wardrobes and dyed hair. I'm crossing my fingers for the red and black hair of the.. I think they're Meereen people! I don't think it would come off as cartoonish at all, as a lot of people are saying. I think it would add to their character and distinctness of being from a different world.And if I can throw this in too, I also think that they have the perfect opportunity to show actors from different races in Essos. They all look like Westerosi people, except for Missandei, and Kraznys also looks flavored with a little something. But when they showed the Good Masters and all the people who came to see the dragon, it was kind of a wtf moment for me. I hope all of Slavers Bay won't be like that, and that they will add a little more diversity to their cast. The people of Essos are supposed to be ethnic, not just the Dothraki.I AM looking forward to Daario though. I've seen the pictures and, well, YUM!But he's still no Roose...
4119	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	I don't think they ever will let Tormund be Tormund /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> A lot of people say that the stuff that was comical in the books would translate badly on screen. Like Tormund's "har"s and talk about his member, all of the fools they've skipped over, Vargo Hoat and his lisp..And it sucks. I don't think it would have translated badly on screen. In books full of tragedy, they were our comic reliefs. The show very rarely has its humorous moments if Tyrion isn't on screen with his wit and sarcasm... they have to resort to chair dragging to allow us to have a chuckle or two (I did think that scene was funny and laugh everytime I see it, I'm just using it an an example)..And another thing people say would translate badly is the colorfulness of Essos. They all looks like Westerosi people. I wanted their bright, colorful wardrobes and dyed hair. I'm crossing my fingers for the red and black hair of the.. I think they're Meereen people! I don't think it would come off as cartoonish at all, as a lot of people are saying. I think it would add to their character and distinctness of being from a different world.And if I can throw this in too, I also think that they have the perfect opportunity to show actors from different races in Essos. They all look like Westerosi people, except for Missandei, and Kraznys also looks flavored with a little something. But when they showed the Good Masters and all the people who came to see the dragon, it was kind of a wtf moment for me. I hope all of Slavers Bay won't be like that, and that they will add a little more diversity to their cast. The people of Essos are supposed to be ethnic, not just the Dothraki.I agree that the colored hair and such could work. It worked in the Hunger Games and could certainly be done in a way that's not as cartoonish as those characters were.  It could be subtly done.I agree with you about adding more diversity, but GRRM's books are not diverse. So there you go, tried and true problem with the fantasy genre. My hubby's comment Sunday when they introduced Grey Worm was why are we only starting to see some black people when there's slaves. I had to defend the producers b/c they have added diversity where GRRM didn't, such as with Salador Saan (love that actor) and Xaro.
4120	mafalda	2013-05-01	I agree that the colored hair and such could work. It worked in the Hunger Games and could certainly be done in a way that's not as cartoonish as those characters were.  It could be subtly done.I agree with you about adding more diversity, but GRRM's books are not diverse. So there you go, tried and true problem with the fantasy genre. My hubby's comment Sunday when they introduced Grey Worm was why are we only starting to see some black people when there's slaves. I had to defend the producers b/c they have added diversity where GRRM didn't, such as with Salador Saan (love that actor) and Xaro.Yeah, or they had to be savages like the Dothraki.. but when I was reading the books, it seems like almost every city in Essos, the people were described as having copper skin, dark eyes, black hair, etc.. they don't have to be black people, when I was reading these descriptions I was imagining Hispanic people, Middle Eastern people, some had almond shaped eyes so Asian people. Every person in Westeros except Sallador Saan and that one random prostitute is white. Everyone in Essos except for the slaves and savages (and XXD) are white. While I do appreciate DD having SS and XXD (I can guess that SS was not originally written as a black character, I can't remember the description for XXD) being ethnic characters, they could have totally let more diverse people take the role in Essos.I too love the actor for SS, he is hilarious and plays him magnificently!
4121	Conchobar	2013-05-01	You totally blew my mind, I've been living in denial this whole time, I'm gonna need some serious therapy after this.Shhhhhhhhh it's ok you're having a nightmare induced by all that bloodloss, torture n phychological abuse, you must remember your name buddy, its ok ill try to save you all one at a time.Hey, I like Roose, doesn't mean I won't rejoice when he and Ramsay get what they deserve.
4122	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	Yeah, or they had to be savages like the Dothraki.. but when I was reading the books, it seems like almost every city in Essos, the people were described as having copper skin, dark eyes, black hair, etc.. they don't have to be black people, when I was reading these descriptions I was imagining Hispanic people, Middle Eastern people, some had almond shaped eyes so Asian people. Every person in Westeros except Sallador Saan and that one random prostitute is white. Everyone in Essos except for the slaves and savages (and XXD) are white. While I do appreciate DD having SS and XXD (I can guess that SS was not originally written as a black character, I can't remember the description for XXD) being ethnic characters, they could have totally let more diverse people take the role in Essos.I too love the actor for SS, he is hilarious and plays him magnificently!Agreed. Any kind of diversity would be nice. I do hope that they go the way the fans are pushing for the Martells and not GRRM's ideas for them b/c he still pretty much describes them as white in his interviews. keeping fingers crossedNow I'll stop derailing form the topic of this thread...
4123	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-01	I don't know, for all the adaption has disappointed me, I'm glad they're doing well with the Boltons. I think it was Stephen King who said, "The strength of a book lies in its villains," and GoT has done that justice at least.Though, they still fucked up majorly with the Sack of Winterfell. That should NOT have been off-screen (no one I know who's unfamiliar with the books can make any sense of that); even if it was just "Red Helm" betraying Dagmer and carrying it out, it should've still been seen to some degree. I still think Ramsay/"Reek" should have been an essential character in S2, and not pushed back.It adds a new angle to the Roose/Ramsay dynamic though: in the books, it's not clear whether Roose was complicit in the sack (he spends most of CoK under the impression that Ramsay was killed by Rodrik at the start); in the show, it's far more likely, since he was in direct contact with his son throughout the entire season.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 01 May 2013 - 09:24 AM.
4124	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-01	Show!Roose's reaction to Winterfell is most likely a mix of "Well done son!" and "You idiot, that shit's going to cost so much to rebuild!" I bet the repair money comes out of Ramsay's doggie budget, so that's why we haven't seen his hounds yet.
4125	Jorah the Explorer	2013-05-01	I think an underrated part of the appeal for Roose Bolton is his name.  It's quick and simple, and unique without being silly.  Rolls off the tongue nicely.  Contrast that with most or all of the Essos characters.  I can't take someone seriously if their name is Hizdahr mo Shazdar the Hairless Shavepate.
4126	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-01	Jizrag the Lorax.
4127	Conchobar	2013-05-01	lol
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 01 May 2013 - 04:39 PM.
4128	Jethro	2013-05-01	I love both Roose and Ramsay in the books.
Have to disagree with most of you here though, I don't think they are portrayed nearly as sadistic as I had hoped in the tv series so far. (One can hope for change). More Leeches I say!
But then again, why should villains always look and act like villains.
4129	mafalda	2013-05-01	I think an underrated part of the appeal for Roose Bolton is his name.  It's quick and simple, and unique without being silly.  Rolls off the tongue nicely.  Contrast that with most or all of the Essos characters.  I can't take someone seriously if their name is Hizdahr mo Shazdar the Hairless Shavepate.Lmao! You having me laughing so hard here! And I love your name!
4130	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-05-01	Ah, The Lord of The Dreadfort, I love both versions.  I'm still pissed we've lost The Leeches, but for dinner next week, I'm hoping they're at least serving up the prunes.
4131	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-02	For all you Roose lovers, enjoy this video teasing a romance between our mesmerizing Lord of the Dreadfort and the King in the North.
4132	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-05-02	Hey, I like Roose, doesn't mean I won't rejoice when he and Ramsay get what they deserve./grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />Then I declare your insanity cured.
4133	Nezzer	2013-05-02	For all you Roose lovers, enjoy this video teasing a romance between our mesmerizing Lord of the Dreadfort and the King in the North. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Now all we need is a Theon - Ramsay video /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
4134	Spring Snow	2013-05-02	"Robboose Forever" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Maybe it's simply because I knew who he was and what was still to come, but Roose left an immediate impression back in season 2 and Michael McElhatton looks almost exactly as I imagined him. Even if he doesn't whisper, per say, his low, precise delivery captures the character's spirit perfectly. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Now all we need is a Theon - Ramsay video /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Let's not. The way some feel the need to continuously post about how totally wrong but sexy that storyline is, you guys even after a mod deleted posts and asked that it stop has more than stripped the humor out of it for me. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4135	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-02	I found his toying with Jaime a bit jarring, we've never seen that playfully cruel side of his character before. He's always been sternly cruel and quietly brooding.
But an expansion of his character now is rather fitting, I suppose.
4136	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	I made some pictures of Roose Bolton from the show with pink lovehearts and wings around him xx http://25.media.tumb...ehyxro1_500.pngi drew one really good wing but it took too log and i gave up so i just copied the other wing or half of it and flipped it and it looks really bad but i don<U+0080><U+0099>t want you to confuse this lack of artistic ability for lack of love for roose bolton okhttp://25.media.tumb...ehyxro1_500.pngroose mi waifu
4137	Nezzer	2013-05-02	Let's not. The way some feel the need to continuously post about how totally wrong but sexy that storyline is, you guys even after a mod deleted posts and asked that it stop has more than stripped the humor out of it for me. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Too late.It's already......happening. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
4138	BananaSpice	2013-05-02	Too late.It's already......happening. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />This art is all actually fantastic. I just don't get people's malfunction. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
4139	Conchobar	2013-05-02	heres onehttp://fc00.devianta...que-d5nzv6q.jpg
4140	PhoenixFlame	2013-05-02	-dies of laughter-I think Roose's cruel sense of humor does pop up in the books, like his "human skin makes subpar boots" line. The show just gives him extra trollishness.
4141	Jamie Lannister	2013-05-02	-dies of laughter-http://i.imgur.com/oDYHOEF.jpg
4142	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-02	omg i hate ramsay so much but im laughing AT THESE SO BAD IT HURTS especially -dies of laughter-
4143	Dove	2013-05-02	Either Roose has a very deadpan sense of humor or he's literally an R-rated skeletor, because he makes his own little cracks pretty often and I'm pretty sure they're meant to be cracks. That scene felt pretty accurate to me. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> kawaiii ramsay-san uguuu~~Every day the internet surprises me a little bit more, haha.http://i.imgur.com/oDYHOEF.jpgahahahaha, holy moly, this and the fucking unicorn one are killing meThis art is all actually fantastic. I just don't get people's malfunction. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />(there's a big difference between something legitimately hilarious and being skeevy even after being asked to stop /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
4144	The Fallen	2013-05-02	`  Really? I hate to rain on the parade, but the scene was hardly worthy of all the superlatives. For a second there I thought the thread was about Jaime. I understand being a fan of Roose, but c'mon! There'll be more to celebrate in the future for all you Roose fans. This was a bit premature, in my opinion.
4145	Jolene Brown	2013-05-03	It is never too soon to celebrate Roose...  if you wait too long, it might be toooooo laaaaaaate....... and nobody wants that.
4146	Dove	2013-05-03	You really can't appreciate Roose enough. Also if we don't get Fat Walda in the show I will be so cross you don't even know(From that GoT facebook thing posted on WiC.net)http://i.imgur.com/bqmyUqj.jpg
4147	A Winters Summer	2013-04-28	So, IMO the song was really unsettling as well as the end credit song. Though I never thought of it as song, just ravings of a lunatic.
Will Shireen absorb PatchFace in the show? I think it may be a good idea, but I never paid much attention to PatchFace in the books untill I found this forum after ADWD. Your thoughts? Also, who kisses Shireen on the Greyscale, I can't remeber?
4148	Tyrion4President	2013-05-02	If i recall mel said something about Patches being more dangerous then he appeared. also at the wall i remember Val being quite shook of Shireen
4149	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-02	We may or may not see Patchface in the TVseries, the writer said as much in the interview. I'm not sure what to think of this, though.
But, I have to say, Shireen is exactly what I thought she'd be. Like, exactly. The little actress does a great job. I really liked her interactions with Stannis and Davos.
4150	'96Buck	2013-05-02	I expected the grayscale to be more pronounced.  There's a loss of feeling associated with grayscale as well, but I don't recall if there's localized paralysis or not.  Obviously the gray men can move, something more like botox paralysis in the surface muscles of the face.  Paralysis or not, it didn't seem as pronouced as I'd pictured...you'd need to use more of a hard prosthesis and less of a makeup approach to portray that, and maybe it didn't work, or it was just too gruesome for viewers. So Shireen gets a partial "cure" on TV, like Tyrion's nose damage.  Doesn't change the plot, she obviously has SOMETHING going on, and the only significance of it is Wildlings thinking she should be killed, so far. 
Politically, a claimant king's only child having a serious illness could be a problem, but we are FAR from the problem with Stannis behing king is who comes AFTER Stannis.
4151	Damar	2013-04-29	While she was never the most intelligent or well-adjusted character, I had the feeling this season the fact that she's not as clever as she presumes herself to be is really emphasized,
But for me the breaking point came in the episode's last scene where she was grining and openly giggling at Tyrion's discomfort, which made her seem like she presumed herself to be a younger self, a 12-year old spoiled princess who was amusing herself at her little hated brother getting punished by Daddy. Only to turn to stubbornly refuse, as a child, a new marriage without even considering it.
I suspect Joffrey 'abandoning' her has caused some psychological relapse, her retreating to a mindset of when things were better, in order to cope with the changes.
4152	Zultra	2013-04-30	Yes, or that she is Batshit insane, it's a common Lannister trait apparently..
4153	Zar Lannister	2013-04-30	While she was never the most intelligent or well-adjusted character, I had the feeling this season the fact that she's not as clever as she presumes herself to be is really emphasized,But for me the breaking point came in the episode's last scene where she was grining and openly giggling at Tyrion's discomfort, which made her seem like she presumed herself to be a younger self, a 12-year old spoiled princess who was amusing herself at her little hated brother getting punished by Daddy. Only to turn to stubbornly refuse, as a child, a new marriage without even considering it.I suspect Joffrey 'abandoning' her has caused some psychological relapse, her retreating to a mindset of when things were better, in order to cope with the changes.I thought she was very smug about it in the book too iirc. Tyrion was also smug about Tywin endorsing the same for her, from what I remember from that scene. I think that was the part that was different from the depiction of the moment in the show as compared to the one in the books. Or was it that she was instructed to Marry first and then Tyrion was instructed to, therefore I remember him being smug? /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
4154	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	I don't really know what the initial post had to do with mental health, haha. I'd say Cersei is definitely a Narcissist.
4155	SeventySeven	2013-04-30	Book Cersei is deranged. Chances are show Cersei is growing into her book counterpart, finally.
4156	MsLibby	2013-04-30	Yes, or that she is Batshit insane, it's a common Lannister trait apparently..What other Lannisters?
4157	Sidonie	2013-04-30	Yeah, I think she's starting to fall apart. She's been losing so much power lately, she's off-balance and losing confidence. She can't control Joffrey, Marg is upstaging her, now her father wants to marry her off. Joff even mentioned how she's "growing older" a few episodes ago.
In A Feast for Crows, she starts drinking and gaining weight. We might start to see that happen even in this season, I think.
I noticed when she asked Littlefinger to dig up some dirt on the Tyrells, she just didn't seem confident anymore, like she had been when she had asked him to find Arya last season.
4158	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	What other Lannisters?All of them except Tommen and Myrcella.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 30 April 2013 - 06:51 PM.
4159	Katydid	2013-04-30	Book Cersei is deranged. Chances are show Cersei is growing into her book counterpart, finally.I certainly hope so!  The softening of Cersei is one of the changes I hated the most in seasons 1 and 2.
4160	Kasrith	2013-04-30	All of them except Tommen and Myrcella.Um, ok..?
4161	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-30	All of them have done some pretty insane shit, and all of them clearly have issues.
4162	Minsc	2013-04-30	I certainly hope so!  The softening of Cersei is one of the changes I hated the most in seasons 1 and 2.To be fair besides Jamie and Joffrey all of the Lannisters have been whitewashed some in the series.
4163	lannistergold	2013-04-30	I certainly hope so!  The softening of Cersei is one of the changes I hated the most in seasons 1 and 2.Am I the only one who thought that this was an improvement? I liked seeing a bit of light and shade to her character, as opposed to the thoroughly dark individual she was in the books.But if they're going to be true to the books, she'll have to get gradually worse over the course of the series, and I think we are seeing that. Her nearly constant smirking is quite telling.
4164	Dove	2013-04-30	Am I the only one who thought that this was an improvement? I liked seeing a bit of light and shade to her character, as opposed to the thoroughly dark individual she was in the books.But if they're going to be true to the books, she'll have to get gradually worse over the course of the series, and I think we are seeing that. Her nearly constant smirking is quite telling.I like it a lot too. It's going to make her dark turn in the AFFC material even more shocking when we've been seeing a softer, more humanized Cersei until that point.
4165	Freebird6699	2013-04-30	When was she ever humanized? I just love the series Margery, who manages to out manipulate her at every turn.  This has been a fun season.
4166	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	When was she ever humanized? I just love the series Margery, who manages to out manipulate her at every turn.  This has been a fun season.She's humanized on the show, to some extent, so what the poster meant is that it's going to be interesting to see her descent to madness after watching a more sympathetic adaption of her up until now.
4167	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	I thought the whole scene was about Tywin. His children both come to the meeting expecting a reward and he does reward them, just not in the way that they want to be.
As far as Cersei's mental state I think it's clear that she misses Jaime and is getting a little too scared for Joffrey, she can't protect him the way Jaime can.
and maybe just maybe she's starting to see the young Queen coming to take everything that she holds dear....
4168	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	Not just the young queen,her father is taking what she finds dear,her power. I think we were never meant to see her as sane. Not completeley,I mean we are introuduced to her sleaping with her brother and we have little reminders all the time,like Tyrion reminding her how she had a serving girl beaten to a point poor girl lost her eye.All this when she was 9. We see no remorse whatsoever over this. No mather how scared she is for her son now,if at all,we are reminded not to forget how insane she really is.
4169	Envie	2013-04-30	I wouldn't go so far as to say her 'mental health' is suffering - not yet. She's still got a pretty good piece of the power pie right now even though Dad is starting to make things very uncomfortable and Margaery's obvious manipulations of Joffrey are out-playing her quite well. Cersei is still a player but her personality is definitely starting to seem a little more desperate. I think they're portraying the slow descent into what Cersei will become subtly and well enough that non book readers probably haven't quite picked up on anything yet or at least feel like Cersei's just getting karmic paybacks. Little do they know.
4170	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-30	Not just the young queen,her father is taking what she finds dear,her power. I think we were never meant to see her as sane. Not completeley,I mean we are introuduced to her sleaping with her brother and we have little reminders all the time,like Tyrion reminding her how she had a serving girl beaten to a point poor girl lost her eye.All this when she was 9. We see no remorse whatsoever over this. No mather how scared she is for her son now,if at all,we are reminded not to forget how insane she really is.Ehhh, she's cruel and has a taboo relationship, but I don't think she starts losing it until later. There's a difference between unbalanced and unhinged.
4171	SeventySeven	2013-05-01	Am I the only one who thought that this was an improvement? I liked seeing a bit of light and shade to her character, as opposed to the thoroughly dark individual she was in the books.But if they're going to be true to the books, she'll have to get gradually worse over the course of the series, and I think we are seeing that. Her nearly constant smirking is quite telling.I enjoyed it as well actually, and it managed to make me sympathise with her a little bit for the first time ever. It got a bit tiring by season 2 though, and she does need to become the Cersei of the books, I think it's quite important.IAs far as Cersei's mental state I think it's clear that she misses Jaime and is getting a little too scared for Joffrey, she can't protect him the way Jaime can.I don't really see it. I see Cersei concerned with Joffrey, Margaery, getting her father's attention, getting one over Tyrion, but missing Jaime not so much. I'm sure she does miss him, but it's low-ish on the list.Ehhh, she's cruel and has a taboo relationship, but I don't think she starts losing it until later. There's a difference between unbalanced and unhinged.Book Cersei is unhinged, imo. She gets worse with time that is true, but all of her recollections from when she was younger point to the fact she was more similar to Joffrey than we would initially know.
4172	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-05-01	The prognosis for Cersei's mental health was always grim. She has always had paranoid delusions and sees enemies everywhere, even where there are none. She also greatly over-values her own worth and intelligence. Just before the PW, these traits become exaggerated and afterwards she descends into full on madness. Narcissism, paranoia, delusions, depression, anxiety - she has them all in spades.
4173	The Killer Snark	2013-05-01	She suffers from Narcissistic Personality Disorder, is a hysteric and has a persecution complex. She always has done. It'll get more apparent in the show when she also becomes an alcoholic, which is when I'm hoping she descends into all-out wackiness, though I don't really see Headey agreeing to put on weight.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 01 May 2013 - 01:46 AM.
4174	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	Ehhh, she's cruel and has a taboo relationship, but I don't think she starts losing it until later. There's a difference between unbalanced and unhinged.I never said she's loosing it now I was trying to answer to whoever told us they are making her likeable. They keep reminding us with this little episodes she's not. And also she's not batshit crazy yet but she's far from sane and balanced. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4175	Kobayashi Maru	2013-05-01	Book Cersei is unhinged, imo. She gets worse with time that is true, but all of her recollections from when she was younger point to the fact she was more similar to Joffrey than we would initially know.I agree.
4176	Warrior Queen	2013-05-01	I don't really know what the initial post had to do with mental health, haha. I'd say Cersei is definitely a Narcissist.She suffers from Narcissistic Personality Disorder, is a hysteric and has a persecution complex. She always has done. It'll get more apparent in the show when she also becomes an alcoholic, which is when I'm hoping she descends into all-out wackiness, though I don't really see Headey agreeing to put on weight.Cersei being a narcissist is definitely true. I think this is also a basis for the incestrous relationship with her twin. Some people with a narcissistic personality have narcissistic sexual tendencies in which they see themselves as the ultimate lust object, and Jaime and Cersei are said to look exactly alike....
4177	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-01	Am I the only one who thought that this was an improvement? I liked seeing a bit of light and shade to her character, as opposed to the thoroughly dark individual she was in the books.But if they're going to be true to the books, she'll have to get gradually worse over the course of the series, and I think we are seeing that. Her nearly constant smirking is quite telling.I liked it too, I thought it made her more human and complex.I do agree that she is slowly unraveling and it will continue and get worse, of course, after another colorful wedding. It will be fun watching Lena  devolve Cersei.
4178	Tyrion4President	2013-05-01	I thought she was very smug about it in the book too iirc. Tyrion was also smug about Tywin endorsing the same for her, from what I remember from that scene. I think that was the part that was different from the depiction of the moment in the show as compared to the one in the books. Or was it that she was instructed to Marry first and then Tyrion was instructed to, therefore I remember him being smug? /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />I feel like Tyrion is more worried about Sansa then himself with this marrage as for Cercei she couldnt care who was offered to her (or her offered too) shes just selfish and doesnt want any restraints
4179	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-01	Cersei probably is a bit loopy at the moment as she is thinking about her father making her marry Loras Tyrell who will be more intrested in taking her up the stink instead of the pink!
4180	WinterWarrior	2013-05-01	I loathe Cersei. And I really don't like the way HBO has toned down her character from the books - she is so loathsome in the books I refuse to have any sympathy for her at all in the HBO series. I don't like the way they have made her vulnerable and powerless when it comes to Tywin and Joffrey - she is not that way in the books. She is an evil loathsome witch. I refuse to see her as a victim in any way.
I really don't like Lena Headley because she plays Cersei as a sympathetic character as this thread testifies to - making excuses that she is mentally ill. No, she is just evil. The first season all she did was look out with a knitted brow which did not strike me as good acting. She has since come into her own in the character but the character is too vulnerable to be the Cersei we book readers all know and hate.
Cersei deserved the Walk of Shame and deserves a horrible death. I can't wait until GRRM does it as only he can.
4181	I'll pay the iron price	2013-05-01	I think Lena Headley does a great job as Cersei
4182	The Killer Snark	2013-05-01	Warrior - That's a good point re: her incestuous relationship with Jaime. In fact, Tyrion is aware of this and cracks a joke about it someplace.
4183	Titan	2013-05-01	I certainly hope so!  The softening of Cersei is one of the changes I hated the most in seasons 1 and 2.It always surprises me how many people do not realize that ASOIAF is told through *unreliable narrators* - We only see Cersei from the perpective of people who despise her. The TV show is by its nature a more objective view - so it makes perfect sense (and IS NOT a contradiction) that Cersei comes across as softer.
4184	lannistergold	2013-05-01	I loathe Cersei. And I really don't like the way HBO has toned down her character from the books - she is so loathsome in the books I refuse to have any sympathy for her at all in the HBO series. I don't like the way they have made her vulnerable and powerless when it comes to Tywin and Joffrey - she is not that way in the books. She is an evil loathsome witch. I refuse to see her as a victim in any way.I really don't like Lena Headley because she plays Cersei as a sympathetic character as this thread testifies to - making excuses that she is mentally ill. No, she is just evil. The first season all she did was look out with a knitted brow which did not strike me as good acting. She has since come into her own in the character but the character is too vulnerable to be the Cersei we book readers all know and hate.Cersei deserved the Walk of Shame and deserves a horrible death. I can't wait until GRRM does it as only he can.I don't think the show masks the fact that Cersei is (on the whole) an evil person - they even added some extra pointless cruelty toward Tyrion. But if it was Martin's intention to have no characters who are simply morally black (as book!Cersei has been so far), giving her a few sympathetic traits in the show is very much in line with it.
4185	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	I loathe Cersei. And I really don't like the way HBO has toned down her character from the books - she is so loathsome in the books I refuse to have any sympathy for her at all in the HBO series. I don't like the way they have made her vulnerable and powerless when it comes to Tywin and Joffrey - she is not that way in the books. She is an evil loathsome witch. I refuse to see her as a victim in any way.I really don't like Lena Headley because she plays Cersei as a sympathetic character as this thread testifies to - making excuses that she is mentally ill. No, she is just evil. The first season all she did was look out with a knitted brow which did not strike me as good acting. She has since come into her own in the character but the character is too vulnerable to be the Cersei we book readers all know and hate.Cersei deserved the Walk of Shame and deserves a horrible death. I can't wait until GRRM does it as only he can.Softening her somewhat does fit with GRRM's pattern of not having any of the main characters purely black or white. If true, I am not sure it worked entirely the way it worked. I am actually enjoying watching her squirm.
4186	WilliamBailey	2013-05-01	I just think she's determined to stay at the top of the power chain by any means necessary, and is convinced it would be much easier if she was a man. She's also incredibly vain.
4187	Zar Lannister	2013-05-01	Cersei probably is a bit loopy at the moment as she is thinking about her father making her marry Loras Tyrell who will be more intrested in taking her up the stink instead of the pink!It's a done deal for her? She doesn't want to be a breeding mare and she's missing some of Loras favorite bits, to say it as Tyrion put it. No need to fake pretend with this one!
4188	Montey14	2013-05-02	Cersei's  has always been a paranoid person. All of her fame and fotune derives from her name and good looks....keeping her insestuous affair a secret from Robert did not help her mental state as well.  But we started to see the really deranged and manipulative book Cersei  in the Blackwater episode....war and trying to keep Groffry on a leash as well as trying satisfy her father really takes it's toll on her .....her decisions get worse as the pressure mounts....
4189	wolverine	2013-05-02	I don't think the show masks the fact that Cersei is (on the whole) an evil person - they even added some extra pointless cruelty toward Tyrion. But if it was Martin's intention to have no characters who are simply morally black (as book!Cersei has been so far), giving her a few sympathetic traits in the show is very much in line with it.What was that?Show Tyrion is an angel.  What is his only fault on the show?  He liked whores (intentional use of the past tense as he is now in love)?
4190	Dove	2013-05-02	I think he's referring to Cersei's smirking and gloating at Tyrion's discomfort involving the Sansa marriage in this last episode, maybe. She didn't get the chance to smug it up about that in the books because her engagement was announced first.
4191	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	What was that?Show Tyrion is an angel.  What is his only fault on the show?  He liked whores (intentional use of the past tense as he is now in love)?I'd call Tyrion's arrogance and consistent condescension to everyone significant faults. He's very amusing to watch or read, but he would be pretty intolerable in real life. He also has a tendency to be a bully, which is ironic. Tyrion is almost always picking on someone. Pod absorbs a lot of his abuse for no real reason whatsoever. Tyrion just enjoys picking on people.
4192	Dove	2013-05-02	I'd call Tyrion's arrogance and consistent condescension to everyone significant faults. He's very amusing to watch or read, but he would be pretty intolerable in real life. He also has a tendency to be a bully, which is ironic. Tyrion is almost always picking on someone. Pod absorbs a lot of his abuse for no real reason whatsoever. Tyrion just enjoys picking on people.This is true, look at the added scene in S1 where he picks at Theon's emotional scabs for no apparent reason. They've downplayed a lot of Tyrion's more messed-up actions thus far but there's still a bit of his dickishness there.It's hard for me to seperate book knowledge from show knowledge so I might have that bias going in, but I still think anyone who sees TV Tyrion as a paragon of virtue is willfully overlooking his more obnoxious traits.
4193	Casey Siren	2013-05-02	I certainly hope so!  The softening of Cersei is one of the changes I hated the most in seasons 1 and 2.I think they may have softened her up so that the climb to crazy is a steeper one for Cersei.  We all know Joffrey is a twat from the beginning, but it's not as clear just HOW crazy Cersei is until she starts getting her own chapters.
4194	BurningCandle	2013-05-02	Isn't it a little odd that he wants to marry Cersei off again? I would have thought she was too old. And with the rumors, why would the Tyrells ever accept a "second hand" wife with dubious loyalty for Loras, even if they are trying to cover up that he's gay?
Just seems odd. Or maybe Tywin is just offering Cersei because he doesn't have Myrcella to offer anymore?
4195	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	Isn't it a little odd that he wants to marry Cersei off again? I would have thought she was too old. And with the rumors, why would the Tyrells ever accept a "second hand" wife with dubious loyalty for Loras, even if they are trying to cover up that he's gay?Just seems odd. Or maybe Tywin is just offering Cersei because he doesn't have Myrcella to offer anymore?My take on Loras/Cersei is that they both have rumors. It's fairly well known that Loras is gay. Littlefinger and Margaery know it for sure. And I'd be shocked if Olena doesnt know too. In the books Loras and Renly are joked about, so it's hinted at being fairly out there. Cersei is less well known. But her father does know, and he's the one giving her the orders. All in all it seems a pretty reasonable match. Neither one wants to have sex with the other anyway. So they just have to do their duty enough times to produce an heir. And both families get the political benefits.
4196	BurningCandle	2013-05-02	My take on Loras/Cersei is that they both have rumors. It's fairly well known that Loras is gay. Littlefinger and Margaery know it for sure. And I'd be shocked if Olena doesnt know too. In the books Loras and Renly are joked about, so it's hinted at being fairly out there. Cersei is less well known. But her father does know, and he's the one giving her the orders. All in all it seems a pretty reasonable match. Neither one wants to have sex with the other anyway. So they just have to do their duty enough times to produce an heir. And both families get the political benefits.But the political benefits are what I don't get. Margery is already marrying Joff, so they already have a tie. If he really wants to benefit from marrying Cersei off, it seems like he should be thinking of other options. The Tyrells already threw their lot in with Lannisters, it isn't like they can go to Stannis or Rob really (though Rob might accept them at this point).
4197	ChromeWeasel	2013-05-02	But the political benefits are what I don't get. Margery is already marrying Joff, so they already have a tie. If he really wants to benefit from marrying Cersei off, it seems like he should be thinking of other options. The Tyrells already threw their lot in with Lannisters, it isn't like they can go to Stannis or Rob really (though Rob might accept them at this point).Put yourself in Tywin's position. What do you do with your narcissistic, abusive, power-hungry daughter? Currently she is poised to inherit Casterly Rock, which you assume that she will run into the ground. You've spent your whole life rebuilding your family name after your own father nearly bankrupted and ruined it. You've built your family up to the most powerful in Westeros. You've just stemmed the tide of revolution and are trying to get things back to calm and orderly.Having Cersei as the heir to Casterly Rock, on her own, is not the best way to make that happen. Tying her to a Tyrell husband limits her ambitions while unifying your own family with one of the other most powerful houses in Westeros. It eliminates the possibility of Cersei marrying herself into power (again, she's power-hungry) and it eliminates the Tyrells using Loras for the same reasons.One of the things about having a single daughter for Tywin is that it makes Cersei his problem. Once she is married off she more or less becomes someone else's problem. There's a lot of wisdom from Roose Bolton's statement that it's best to keep a quiet kingdom. I think that Tywin knows this as well.
4198	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-29	Melisandre wants a sacrifice with king's blood in order to wake dragons.  In the book, she obviously wanted Edric Storm (King Robert's bastard and Stannis' nephew).  But Edric is nowhere in sight, so it seems that the writers are setting up Shireen as the potential sacrifice.  Thats why Stannis/Shireen meeting was so strained.  And the fact that Mel has told Lady Selyse everything makes her even more creepy.  Am I correct in this assumption, or is Edric Storm scheduled to appear?
4199	cuendillar	2013-04-29	Edric Storm is almost certainly cut, but I nonetheless see no immediate threat to Shireen. Melisandre sailed away, most likely to get Gendry or she wouldn't have left Dragonstone to find "King's Blood". Selyse's stillborn sons are also more likely for sacrifices, possibly taking the place of the three leeches. One of them was named Edric though...
4200	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	More likely it will be Gendry or the stillborn babies Selyse is keeping as souvenirs.
ETA: Although maybe she wants to sacrifice both? Davos needs to convince Stannis to not sacrifice someone and go north. Maybe that will be Shireen.. although that would make Stannis look AWFUL. Even more awful than he already looks.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 29 April 2013 - 02:07 PM.
4201	AndAllThingsWillEnd	2013-04-29	One of the baby's in the jar was named Edric.
4202	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	I don't get all this talk about the jarbabies being suitable for Mel's purposes.  They're all quite dead and apparently have been for some time.  Wouldn't a blood sacrifice to R'hllor have to be alive, or at least near alive (a la the blood in the leeches).  I mean none of us know exactly how the magic works but 'sacrificing' long-dead babies wouldn't only be incredibly gross, it also wouldn't make much sense.
4203	Frumpus	2013-04-29	She's going after Gendry. We already saw this in previews/promo stills.
4204	cuendillar	2013-04-29	I don't get all this talk about the jarbabies being suitable for Mel's purposes.  They're all quite dead and apparently have been for some time.  Wouldn't a blood sacrifice to R'hllor have to be alive, or at least near alive (a la the blood in the leeches).  I mean none of us know exactly how the magic works but 'sacrificing' long-dead babies wouldn't only be incredibly gross, it also wouldn't make much sense.That is a neat observation, but it probably comes down to technicalities either way. It is possible to get enough DNA from well-preserved corpses to clone it, even if it's very old. I think the theory stems largely from them being the right number and a bit out of place though. Selyse certainly wouldn't mind if it was done in the name of R'hllor, no matter her emotional attachment to them. Stannis probably just finds them creepy and disturbing, as does pretty much everyone else.The obvious question is if there's enough left in them to identify their lineage, and if their blood is sufficiently non-decomposed due to their age or the mummification process. It might be a stretch, but the exact limitations of her magic are still in the air.Gendry is certainly the primary target though. No idea how that will turn out, which makes it all the more exciting.
4205	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	She's going after Gendry. We already saw this in previews/promo stills.I can't imagine the Brotherhood is going to just give up Gendry to get burned alive. It doesn't really fit their MO. They seem like a "good" lot
4206	Maia	2013-04-29	Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't dye her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a&amp;#160;&amp;#160;hypocrite than he is in the books?
And those babies in&amp;#160;&amp;#160;jars were not only seriously gross, but some of them were far too large to be newborns.... More like 3-4 year-olds, what's the deal with that?
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 29 April 2013 - 03:55 PM.
4207	Masha	2013-04-29	Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't die her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a  hypocrite than he is in the books?And those babies in  jars were not only seriously gross, but some of them were far too large to be newborns.... More like 3-4 year-olds, what's the deal with that?More like 3-4 mths olds definately not as big as 3-4 years old!And about hair, TV viewers have short memory span and dark hair was Robert's thing not Stannis. Secondly child might have blond hair and when grown have completely dark almost black hair. My cousin, in spite having both parents with dark brown hair was born and had till 3-4 yrs old completely white-blond hair, by the time she turned 18 her hair turned dark brown without any artificial hair coloring
					
					
							Edited by Masha, 29 April 2013 - 02:38 PM.
4208	Drogo_1	2013-04-29	Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't die her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a&#160;&#160;hypocrite than he is in the books?I think thats a very valid point. Also did anyone else notice that Shireen has seemed to take the place of Patchface? Hence her singing the lines patchface says in the books and the song at the end of the episode.
					
					
							Edited by Drogo_1, 29 April 2013 - 02:40 PM.
4209	Maia	2013-04-29	And about hair, TV viewers have short memory span and dark hair was Robert's thing not Stannis.It was a Baratheon thing, written in an old book and the whole basis for the case against Cersei's kids. Why make the situation more confusing than it needs to be? Stannis is going to claim that "the throne is his by rights", yet his daughter is actually blonder than the boy, who plays Tommen! And TV viewers may have short memory, but those who marathon through DVDs are going to be confused.Secondly child might have blond hair and when grown have completely dark almost black hair. My cousin, in spite having both parents with dark brown hair was born and had till 3-4 yrs old completely white-blond hair, by the time she turned 18 her hair turned dark brown without any artificial hair coloringSure, but that completely nullifies any and all evidence against Cersei. Now, I personally always thought it tenious as is, because realstically you can't really exclude the chance of a blonde child either - but that renders Ned's and Stannis's cause against Lannister heirs to the throne null and void. I mean, it is not like Jaime and Cersei were caught in flagranti! It was all about circumstantial evidence of children's physical resemblance to one parent, but not the other, and now there is no such evidence in the show.
4210	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	I think the reason they cast Kerry Ingram for the role is obvious - she's a very talented and charismatic actor. 
That said, they would have been well-advised to dye her hair a bit darker, considering how important a plot point Baratheon hair coloring is to the story.
4211	Masha	2013-04-29	More than that.
In the book, her mother, Selyse, loved and cherished Shireen and considered her the rightful heir to Stannis. She didn't obsess over unborn children or bearing sons. Also in the book Melisande seemingly ignored Shireen who was a non-entity to her but was greatly disturbed by Patchface's song and wanted him killed.
So in the show, Selyse doesn't care about Shireen, considers her such no-entity that she calls her "it" and trying to prevent Stannis from seeing her "because he has more important business to attend to". Her room, at my first glance, reminds of a comfortable tower cell (as she jokes with Davos  - "What can they do? Put us in our cells?!"). Also Shireen has been given Patchfaces lines.
So it seems that she now disturbs Melisande just as Patchface did in the books and one of the reasons Selyse doesn't care for her daughter.
4212	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-29	have to say the end credits song was... Creepy as Hell. Esp. in the voice of little girl
4213	Rhoynar	2013-04-29	They will use Gendry:[img]http://i39.tinypic.com/a2gjr5.png[/img]
					
					
							Edited by Rhoynar, 29 April 2013 - 04:19 PM.
4214	mitch176	2013-04-29	Anyone take anything "prophetic"/foreshadowingaway from any of Shireen's lines in the show or her song at the end? (Which was brilliant btw)
4215	HouseLark	2013-04-29	Jus' sayin', her song was far creepier than the Patchface rendition I had in my head when reading the book.
4216	stiff_pirates	2013-04-29	Anybody cringing when Shireen was pronouncing 'Aegon' as 'Eggon'?
Pronounciation Nazi but whatever.
4217	shiola	2013-04-29	I made sure my nonreader friends knew taht the hair thing was a bogus mistake, and that Shireen is really his kid.
Anyway, to the OP, I don't think Shireen is in danger.  It's poor Gendry we need to worry about.
4218	Envie	2013-04-29	I don't get all this talk about the jarbabies being suitable for Mel's purposes.  They're all quite dead and apparently have been for some time.  Wouldn't a blood sacrifice to R'hllor have to be alive, or at least near alive (a la the blood in the leeches).  I mean none of us know exactly how the magic works but 'sacrificing' long-dead babies wouldn't only be incredibly gross, it also wouldn't make much sense.I agree with this - it does seem really unlikely and less believable (not to mention disturbing) that they'd use the dead babies in jars as sacrifices. Of course, I'm surprised they even went there in showing dead babies in jars to start with so who knows what they might cook up as an alternate plan. Oh, ugh, ok "cook up" was probably not a great expression in this discussion, all things considered. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
4219	Raion Laion	2013-04-29	Boy, I feel so truly sad. I cried on her scenes. All the theories about her future in TWoW popped up on my mind, and although I didn't care much about her in the books, the show just made me notice how sweet and innocent that kid is. I just wanted to hug her.
Something about sick little girls hit me in a peculiarly hurtful place. Fuck. Shireen... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4220	Montey14	2013-04-30	Why on earth did they cast a blonde girl as Shireen and didn't dye her hair? Doesn't it completely undermine the already tenious evidence as to why Cersei's children may be bastards and make Stannis even more of a&amp;#160;&amp;#160;hypocrite than he is in the books?And those babies in&amp;#160;&amp;#160;jars were not only seriously gross, but some of them were far too large to be newborns.... More like 3-4 year-olds, what's the deal with that?
4221	Montey14	2013-04-30	Stannis does not share the typical Boratheon features of  black hair and blue eyes....renly and robert  looked more like brothers than did Stannis.....plus Shireen is supposed to have alot of her mothers traits as well....but the don't show the Florent ears....this actress is very cute....the book Shireen is supposed to be very homely looking ....getting the worst traits of both parents.....but she is an endearing child I must say....,much more so than the book version
4222	Words of Winter	2013-04-30	They should have died her hair black or given her a wig.  Maybe they tried and she is allergic or the wig looked bad.  The actress playing Cersei wears a wig, I believe, because she normally has black hair and a lot of tattoos as evident at the comicon panel.
4223	Batman	2013-04-30	If Gendry is as kind and considerate toward Shireen as Edric was I will be OK. That was one of my favourite little relationships in the series. Edric was such a good kid the way he was there for his cousin when she was so lonely. Warms the heart.
The producers better not screw me over on this, too! They took Jon Snow from me, they cant take this little thing as well, right?
4224	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	IMHO there is no way Shireen will be sacrafised for kings blood. its likely she will be important in the later series, also Stannis does love her, that was the impression i got from their scene together, she loves him, he loves her, he is just very uptight and possibly doesnt want to touch her greyscale. but he will not kill her off. he wants her to carry on as his heir at least until he gets a son. it would be silly to sacrafise his ONLY child, and likely the only one he will ever have.
4225	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	If Gendry is as kind and considerate toward Shireen as Edric was I will be OK. That was one of my favourite little relationships in the series. Edric was such a good kid the way he was there for his cousin when she was so lonely. Warms the heart.The producers better not screw me over on this, too! They took Jon Snow from me, they cant take this little thing as well, right?they both have Roberts friendly manor. i also LOVED Edric and Shireen in the books. its sad that in the TV adaption, not only has she lost her cousin but her only other friend patchface, who it would seem wont be in it at all /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> poor sad ugly little girl.although she does have Davos as her (seemingly) only friend, i love Davos!, cant wait to see them taking writting lessons together, hopefully XD
4226	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-30	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162It was a Baratheon thing, written in an old book and the whole basis for the case against Cersei's kids. Why make the situation more confusing than it needs to be? Stannis is going to claim that "the throne is his by rights", yet his daughter is actually blonder than the boy, who plays Tommen!And TV viewers may have short memory, but those who marathon through DVDs are going to be confused.Sure, but that completely nullifies any and all evidence against Cersei. Now, I personally always thought it tenious as is, because realstically you can't really exclude the chance of a blonde child either - but that renders Ned's and Stannis's cause against Lannister heirs to the throne null and void.I mean, it is not like Jaime and Cersei were caught in flagranti! It was all about circumstantial evidence of children's physical resemblance to one parent, but not the other, and now there is no such evidence in the show.In the show, she admits it to Ned, and Ned writes to Stannis. Stannis' claim in the show has nothing to do with hair colour, but because of what Ned wrote to him. No one believes him either way, so it doesnt make too much of a difference.
4227	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-30	The combination of Shireen with Patchface and the Maester was a stroke of genius.  It takes three very minor characters and turns them into one, still minor character, but that has much more weight.  They have a real chance to do some great scenes on Dragonstone, which was somewhat lacking in the books before the epic Wall save.  I loved reading about the fools in the books, but I don't think it translates well on screen.  They also have the opportunity to make Davos' proclamation as Hand of the King be far more meaningful if it has a Shireen connection, or even a Gendry one.  In the book it was some nonsense about a Florent no one cared about, not as memorable.
Also, I read the "I know, I know, oh, oh, oh" song much different in my head.  Sort of in a sing-song voice while hopping from foot to foot.  The haunting rendition works well for Shireen, though.
					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 30 April 2013 - 02:18 AM.
4228	Batman	2013-04-30	they both have Roberts friendly manor. i also LOVED Edric and Shireen in the books. its sad that in the TV adaption, not only has she lost her cousin but her only other friend patchface, who it would seem wont be in it at all /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> poor sad ugly little girl.although she does have Davos as her (seemingly) only friend, i love Davos!, cant wait to see them taking writting lessons together, hopefully XDI think that takes the sting out of her losing the creepy fool friend, she has Davos, the lovable uncle type character. Edric did seem to care about her. her played games he thought were childish because she liked them, he refused to leave without saying goodbye because he knew she would be hurt and spent time with her so she had a friend. If this is the type of person Robert was before the crown was placed on his head then you dont have to wonder why Ned loved him so much. Renly, on the other hand, mocks the girl for her ugliness. Can't forgive or forget that.The actress is really adorable, actually, but the greyscale does leave you with the ugly impression.
4229	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	I think that takes the sting out of her losing the creepy fool friend, she has Davos, the lovable uncle type character. Edric did seem to care about her. her played games he thought were childish because she liked them, he refused to leave without saying goodbye because he knew she would be hurt and spent time with her so she had a friend. If this is the type of person Robert was before the crown was placed on his head then you dont have to wonder why Ned loved him so much. Renly, on the other hand, mocks the girl for her ugliness. Can't forgive or forget that.The actress is really adorable, actually, but the greyscale does leave you with the ugly impression.yeah the little actress is great, i actually kind of imagened her like that in my head. and i forgot about Renly making fun of her.. hmm must do some thinking about how i feel about him now XD its sad the whole Edric thing wont be in it, there are very few pure loving relationships in the series and them cousins where one of em. adorable!!
4230	jugdesh258	2013-04-30	If Gendry is as kind and considerate toward Shireen as Edric was I will be OK. That was one of my favourite little relationships in the series. Edric was such a good kid the way he was there for his cousin when she was so lonely. Warms the heart.The producers better not screw me over on this, too! They took Jon Snow from me, they cant take this little thing as well, right?As said Gendry is it for the sacrifice but I am not sure he will ever meet Shireen.  I think they will just use him as generic king's bastard at this time in the story so not to have to introduce Edric.  That is why Mel is going to him.  Since we don't know what Gendry is going to be used for in the future all Mel will likely do to him is Leech him and leave him ...y'know x 3 and Gendry will never know what it was about..... so he can be outed by Brienne later on.
4231	boojam	2013-04-30	I can't imagine the Brotherhood is going to just give up Gendry to get burned alive. It doesn't really fit their MO. They seem like a "good" lotThey may, things are about to turn weird having Gendry substituted for Edric Storm. Then that must mean Davas rescues Gendry as he did Edric...I guess.Which sets in motion the somewhat crazy story of Stannis and Melisandre going to aid the Night's Watch and join the battle for the wall.Melisandre does not go ballistic at the loss of Edric and accompanies Stannis to the Wall.Davos not only keeps his head but is sent on a mission.All seemed screwy to me , George seemed to make it reasonable. (I can't remember if  Melisandre thought this was a chance to get near The Lord of Darkness ... for a confrontation?)If the show goes this way I am not sure where Gendry will go!(Edric went to Lys.) Maybe Gendry goes to Braavos , and guess who's there?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2013 - 04:05 PM.
4232	Khal Pono	2013-04-30	Does anyone suppose that Kerry Ingram lent her own voice to create that beautiful, haunting Patchface song?  Or did they use a more musically-trained voice double?
I notice she is sort of looking at her pillow away from the camera when she sings as Stannis arrives.
4233	juanml82	2013-04-30	Gendry might refuse to go with Melissandre (the whole speech about how his former master sold him to the Watch, he won't be keen on repeating the experience), so whatever Mel does, she might have to do it in the Riverlands.
Alternatively, he might go to the Wall with everyone else. Or he might just disappear from the show. There are plenty of characters as it is.
4234	Arkash	2013-04-30	Kerry Ingram is quite a profesional singer, so I'm sure it really is here singing.
4235	Batman	2013-04-30	As said Gendry is it for the sacrifice but I am not sure he will ever meet Shireen.  I think they will just use him as generic king's bastard at this time in the story so not to have to introduce Edric.  That is why Mel is going to him.  Since we don't know what Gendry is going to be used for in the future all Mel will likely do to him is Leech him and leave him ...y'know x 3 and Gendry will never know what it was about..... so he can be outed by Brienne later on.That's fine, THAT'S FINE! Piss all over the emotional side of things! Sure they have plenty of time for any porn chick willing to get nude but a sweet family bond? No time for THAT! Pod needs whores. Every week I lose more faith.
4236	giant snake	2013-04-30	I don't know why they needed to add the jar fetuses.  Was it for gross out factor, fear that they couldn't convey the queen's madness through writing?  What?
another thing
It was a real surprise in the book when Stannis threw the last leech into the fire and said Robb's name.  Instead, they just had him come out saying "I want Robb Stark dead!"  like it was nothing.  Going with fetuses instead of leeches is just fucking stupid.  I have a feeling that they were actually there for a lot of stupid reasons unrelated to "a king's blood" that I don't even want to go into.
					
					
							Edited by giant snake, 30 April 2013 - 08:45 PM.
4237	Colonel Green	2013-04-30	Does anyone suppose that Kerry Ingram lent her own voice to create that beautiful, haunting Patchface song?  Or did they use a more musically-trained voice double?Ingram played the title character in the West End production of Matilda: The Musical, so I imagine it was her own voice.
4238	aedalia	2013-04-30	I didn't even notice her hair was light. She just seemed like a sweet little girl, with a sweet voice who is going to save Davos. It was interesting how Davos was more gentle with her than Stannis. I feel like that's going to come back around at some point.
4239	*expletivedeleted*	2013-04-30	It wouldnt surprise me if she has a darker wig later on the season as a retcon.
4240	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-05-02	Thought the actress was adorable. Greyscale, creepy. Perfect!
4241	Fredwin	2013-04-28	So we finally hear about what is going on with the Freys. Basically, there has been no mention of how they handled Robb's marriage so far at all. They're solving this by re-framing the Frey's involvement in the war, changing them to more or less a neutral faction. Isn't this change going to have massive repercussions as to how the RW is going to play out? Robb isn't going into a wedding where people are plotting his death, he's going into a negotiation. 
Robb would have to no sense to show up at a neutral factions door after what he did and expect to not be murdered.
4242	Frumpus	2013-04-28	He'll probably arrange for Edmure's marriage to the Freys to seal the deal. So it'll go on as planned.
4243	Fredwin	2013-04-28	Well let me explain myself better. I expect the wedding to go almost exactly as planned in the book, but think of how this change affects Robb's character. Robb made plenty of mistakes that led to the RW, but he didn't expect his allies he's fought with from the start to break the ancient tradition of guest right. He still wouldn't expect this to happen by arranging this new marriage with the Freys, but you have to admit this new situation is far more dangerous for Robb than it was in the books. 
I guess I'll have to see exactly how they handle it in the coming episodes. Maybe they'll make it look like Robb has a trick up his sleeve, otherwise.. I think it does take a lot away from his character.
4244	go joff go	2013-04-28	The only thing they messed up kind of was that Robb did have Freys in his army supposedly after season one.  They kind just glazed over that during the episode.  Also this episode IMO was a big point in favor of the Talisa honeypot theory.  Tywin knew right away and at the pace the show is going it would seem pretty hard for him to set up the RW without some pretty intimate knowledge of what is going on.
4245	eetrebor	2013-04-28	In Season 1, Catelyn clearly tells Robb that Frey will give him men if he agrees to his terms. I think they'll just emphasize the fact that they left his cause during the wedding negotiations (as seen in the preview for the next episode).
4246	Fredwin	2013-04-28	The only thing they messed up kind of was that Robb did have Freys in his army supposedly after season one.  They kind just glazed over that during the episode. It seemed to me they kind of retconned that this season to fit the marriage storyline. Maybe they are trying to play it off as 'We agreed to the Frey's terms so they allowed us to pass through their lands.' Because how else are they explaining the Frey's not mentioning this marriage at all thus far?
4247	go joff go	2013-04-28	WE will find out one way or another next week since they show a preview scene of negotations with the Freys.
4248	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.
4249	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-28	I don't see how any of this changes the mood/motivations/tone happens when Robb heads to the Twins with his tail between his legs.
My only concern here is one already brought up.  Although it WAS mentioned in S1, it is still funny to realize that the Freys are still not truly involved.  While it makes total sense that stories with bannermen and their involvement in the war effort get set aside for the show (it's not like we have 24 episode seasons), it is still surprising see what information can get lost in the shuffle.  Again, I realize that this is a necessity of adapting to a 10 episode season, but I just get so used to not knowing anything about what's happening with the Umbers, Glovers, etc. that I just forget that we weren't even supposed to have any Freys.
4250	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.He thinks the Freys can be an Ace up his sleeve to attack the Westerlands.
4251	velki	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.I assume they're trying to make it sound like he's got things figured out and that the game is about to shift in his favor, so they're showing him as happy and confident, rather than spelling out his doom a mile away. It's not really that hard for most viewers to spot as-is, no reason to wave a 'this is where it happens!!' flag in front of their faces.
4252	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.I took it as a bit of a "Lol it looks like that's come back to bite me in the ass."
4253	Head of The Ned	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.I took it as more of a crazed laugh/smile.... right then Robb realized if he just married the Frey girl the loss of the Karstarks wouldn't have been such a big blow. And now he has to undo his big mistake. Sometimes when you're fucked, and you finally realize how fucked you are, all you can do is laugh.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 28 April 2013 - 11:25 PM.
4254	Fredwin	2013-04-28	Again, I realize that this is a necessity of adapting to a 10 episode season, but I just get so used to not knowing anything about what's happening with the Umbers, Glovers, etc. that I just forget that we weren't even supposed to have any Freys.Exactly, and my problem with that is the Frey's should be the one house from Robb's army that the TV viewers are familiar with.
					
					
							Edited by Fredwin, 28 April 2013 - 11:26 PM.
4255	Eponine	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.I saw it as driving home the fatal arrogance that breaking his word to the Freys wouldn't matter. Obviously this is the case only with show Robb, who is a completely different character from book Robb. Show Robb's decision to marry Talisa had nothing to do with honor, and he's similarly dismissive of his dishonor in breaking his word to the Freys. As far as I can tell, in the show, he's taken them for granted and wrongly assumed that his failure to live up to his promise can be brushed aside.
4256	The She Wolf	2013-04-28	I don't know what the hell Robb was smiling about when he said he'd have to deal with the man whose daughter he was supposed to marry.I don't think that was supposed to be a confident smile. It was more like an "I really screwed that up didn't I?" kind of smile.
4257	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	"Hah! I have a great idea! I'll get the people I completely fucked over last season to break me out of my dilemma!"
RIP Robb
4258	sertravisredbeard	2013-04-29	I thought the actors they showed negotiating with Robb looked good and weaselly, the way Freys should.
4259	ohpooratlas	2013-04-29	When Robb suggested that the Freys would be the turning point in his war ...
I LOLed so hard.
He's sealing his own grave now.
4260	swoosh stark	2013-04-29	robb is a dead man isnt he?
4261	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	IT'S A TRAP!!!
4262	Mr Hodor	2013-04-29	IT'S A TRAP!!!mother of all traps
4263	Morvius	2013-04-29	My only gripe about this episode. They should have thrown in some lines about how the Freys left him after he broke the wedding vows and how he must find some way to bring them back into the fold as they still have not joined any faction.
4264	Dove	2013-04-29	I thought the actors they showed negotiating with Robb looked good and weaselly, the way Freys should.They really did, didn't they? Saw them in the preview and all I could think was "Yup, them's some Freys all right."
4265	Effie	2013-04-29	They really did, didn't they? Saw them in the preview and all I could think was "Yup, them's some Freys all right." /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I also thought his smile was a mix of realization of his actions and how they come to haunt him and the situation of him telling it to the person who's the reason for all this.
4266	The Monkey	2013-04-29	Stupid move by the writers to say that the Freys were neutral when they were shown to join Robb's side in season 1. Not sure how they are gonna get out of that dilemma.
4267	WhiteGuts	2013-04-29	Stupid move by the writers to say that the Freys were neutral when they were shown to join Robb's side in season 1. Not sure how they are gonna get out of that dilemma.They left him when he broke his vow and married Tylisa.
4268	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	They left him when he broke his vow and married Tylisa.Why not mention that once though, Closest we got was Karstark saying "you lost the war when you married her" or something like that earlier in the season
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 29 April 2013 - 06:44 AM.
4269	The Monkey	2013-04-29	They left him when he broke his vow and married Tylisa.A thing they failed to mention on the show. And even so, claiming they were "neutral" implies they never supplied any troops to begin with.
4270	Adelstein	2013-04-29	A thing they failed to mention on the show. And even so, claiming they were "neutral" implies they never supplied any troops to begin with.They're neutral now; it doesn't mean they always were.This was a short scene, and Talisa isn't a strategist so ploughing through all the "oh yeah, they sided with me then buggered off" wouldn't fit so well (not to mention that he probably wouldn't go on about it at length to her, given that it was partly her fault). I expect we'll get more scenes with Robb and the Tullys in which the implications and history are discussed more, as well as potential scenes with Frey negotiators who bring it up to get greater concessions, and so on. If we're lucky we could get some nice scenery-chewing from Tobias Menzies about how they're his bannermen and should damn well do what he says anyway without his having to agree to any stupid marriage. We have three episodes to fill out the details, no need to infodump at the end of this one. We might even get a Walder/Cat flashback at the start of the next episode showing the original negotiations and agreement.I did wonder, though - what about the Arryns and the Vale? They surely have a larger army than the Freys, and they're not in the Lannister fold yet - the LF/Lysa wedding hasn't happened yet to seal the deal, so it could conceivably be worth a shot.
4271	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	re Robb's smile/laugh, it was the same one he had when Edmure missed the second shot at the funeral, i.e. bitter and ironic.
4272	lil_z	2013-04-29	I did wonder, though - what about the Arryns and the Vale? They surely have a larger army than the Freys, and they're not in the Lannister fold yet - the LF/Lysa wedding hasn't happened yet to seal the deal, so it could conceivably be worth a shot.I'm only mentioning this because its a book spoiler thread. Lysa is a foaming at the mouth isolationist, at least in the books. There is no chance to bring the Arryns into the fold while she lives, there is a reason that Robb doesn't go to them, it's pretty well known. Otherwise you'd think Catelyn's sister would come her aid.
4273	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	I did wonder, though - what about the Arryns and the Vale? They surely have a larger army than the Freys, and they're not in the Lannister fold yet - the LF/Lysa wedding hasn't happened yet to seal the deal, so it could conceivably be worth a shot.Yeah, the Vale surely has bigger armies to offer. Justifying rapprochment with the Freys over they size of their forces is unaccurate (and unnecessary, if Robb wants Arryn help he'll need the Crossing on his side anyway).EDIT: And that's not even considering Lysa's rabid isolationism, as lil points out. Still, they need to develop it.
					
					
							Edited by Myrish Swamp Thing, 29 April 2013 - 07:45 AM.
4274	Fredwin	2013-04-29	Yeah, the Vale surely has bigger armies to offer. Justifying rapprochment with the Freys over they size of their forces is unaccurate (and unnecessary, if Robb wants Arryn help he'll need the Crossing on his side anyway).EDIT: And that's not even considering Lysa's rabid isolationism, as lil points out. Still, they need to develop it.If they are saying the Frey's were neutral, though. They could gather much more strength to their cause not having lost any men yet.
4275	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	Reading the comments at Wicnet, someone noted that Robb said "...only one army in this kingdom...", and he could have meant just the Riverlands. Meaning, the Freys have the only big army close enough that he could get them and turn west quickly enough to achieve surprise.
4276	Sun	2013-04-29	robb is a dead man isnt he?if you're not a book reader, take my admittedly unsolicited advice and don't spoil yourself. Half the joy is not knowing what's coming.
4277	Sun	2013-04-29	Wait. Did the Freys in the show actually supply Robb with troops. I don't remember exactly what occurred in S1, but I always had the impression that the deal was just about securing the crossing exclusively for Robb's use, not allowing any other army the route. I don't remember the Freys ever supplying fighting troops.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 29 April 2013 - 09:15 AM.
4278	Nuncle Kraken	2013-04-29	Iirc, Catelyn tells Robb that Lord Frey will provide a large number of troops, but will keep 400 to hold the crossing against anyone who would pursue him.
4279	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	Not one to bash D&D (har!) but I am concerned they are making more and more changes to the lead-up to the RW.  First Robb's reasons for oathbreaking and now the Freys as *apparently* a neutral faction rather than his ex-allies from the start.
They cite the RW as key in them wanting to make the series so it is surprising more than anything, stuff like this could soften the impact.
4280	Harrad	2013-04-29	The Vale was a lost cause, despite being run by Catelyn's sister. The Freys were run by the "late Walder Frey" who never quite showed up even during Robert's Rebellion. He was like Sir Robin of Camelot who nearly fought the Chicken of Bristol. The Frey's make their nut by guarding the crossing. Not by taking chances in battles. Even when the Frey's were "firmly" on Robb's side they did not contribute except by allowing his passage.
4281	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-29	I took it as a bit of a "Lol it looks like that's come back to bite me in the ass."Yes, pretty sure his smile was intended to be ironic.
4282	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-29	so I guess the Red Wedding will end the season? idk
but when Robb mentioned the Freys I had to cover my eyes and yell NOOO
4283	zaphodbrx	2013-04-29	The Freys were run by the "late Walder Frey" who never quite showed up even during Robert's Rebellion. He was like Sir Robin of Camelot who nearly fought the Chicken of Bristol. The Frey's make their nut by guarding the crossing. Not by taking chances in battles. Even when the Frey's were "firmly" on Robb's side they did not contribute except by allowing his passage.That's only for the show.In the books they were 100% and more behind supporting Robb. There were Freys in every army Robb had. Frey knights fought with valor in every battle. Eg., Black walder scaled the walls at the Crag. The eldest son and heir died in one of the battles.I'm sorry to say but in the books Robb betrayed them very, very badly. It's not that he deserved the RW but he really shouldn't have let his dick do his thinking for him. Like, really.TV-Robb is a mixedbag. On one hand he's not really dependent on the freys very much ( they don't exist in the show yet outside of one S1 episode ), but on the other he is more or less a complete moron. I mean, take this new 'plan' for instance.- 'Hi there, ole bridge troll. Sorry bout yer daughter, hey look can you support me in attacking Casterly rock. Cause I lost half my men due to being an idiot, ha.'
4284	Bizzy	2013-04-29	Lol, the Freys wear still the silly heads from Season 1, no blue und grey Clothes like nobles:http://www.youtube.c...GcEujFw&index=1What I personally don't understand is, in the series the frey army goes with him in Season 1, why does he needs to get them now? They never run away from him.And the most silly thing for me: Karstark = half of Robbs Army(!) - what the fuck? Bolton treason, Karstark Hate(Karstark seems to be a gigantic and powerful house, maybe they rule over the half north, too....), seems like the TV Robb deserves his death, since more then half of the north hates him. Only Manderly and Reeds like him, yes and his own relatives (Tully).Not that they already introduced House Glover, Morment and Umber in Season 1 (Even House Bracken), seems they dissapeared into the earth. And Robbs Army was mainly Karstark and Bolton and few Tullys.....I really liked that episode, but this details.... how will they get the hole "the north remembers thing" ? The north seems to remember only that Robb is a idiot, since nearly half of the north are Karstarks and the other houses don't exist any more.
4285	Harrad	2013-04-29	That's only for the show.In the books they were 100% and more behind supporting Robb. There were Freys in every army Robb had. Frey knights fought with valor in every battle. Eg., Black walder scaled the walls at the Crag. The eldest son and heir died in one of the battles.Just looking at the wiki for the Freys shows that is selective memory.  For examples:"Robb acknowledged that the Freys fought bravely at the Battle of the Whispering Wood where Ser Stevron was in command. Meanwhile Cleos and Tion had fought on the other side under their cousin the Kingslayer, and were captured along with him. Emmon Frey also fought on the Lannister side of the war.After the fall of Winterfell and the Lannister victory over Stannis, the Freys in Roose Bolton's army believed that Robb should bend the knee."A bit less than 100%. Frey never committed his full force to Robb. Just as in the Rebellion he hedged his bets.
					
					
							Edited by Harrad, 29 April 2013 - 11:00 AM.
4286	Relic	2013-04-29	This show is making Robb Stark look like a giant idiot. He seems genuinely surprised that the Karstark men leave (and it turns out they are HALF of his forces all of a sudden? smooth move) and his huge "epiphany" about Casterly Rock is just flat out laughable. It's like he suddenly realizes it's there for the first time. Not like he was at the Crags last season or anything. And his master plan for taking CR? Frey men. Riiiiiiight.
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 29 April 2013 - 01:02 PM.
4287	cuendillar	2013-04-29	Just looking at the wiki for the Freys shows that is selective memory.  For examples:"Robb acknowledged that the Freys fought bravely at the Battle of the Whispering Wood where Ser Stevron was in command. Meanwhile Cleos and Tion had fought on the other side under their cousin the Kingslayer, and were captured along with him. Emmon Frey also fought on the Lannister side of the war.After the fall of Winterfell and the Lannister victory over Stannis, the Freys in Roose Bolton's army believed that Robb should bend the knee."A bit less than 100%. Frey never committed his full force to Robb. Just as in the Rebellion he hedged his bets.Not sure if that was fully Walder's idea though. All those mentioned are descendants to Genna Lannister, except her husband Emmon. Considering she's pretty much the matriarch of that family, I just don't see them going any other way. They're all more Lannisters than Freys, no matter their last names.
4288	Nudu	2013-04-29	The scene was just stupid. Robb just realized there was a Casterly Rock to attack and he should gain Frey men in 5 minutes? He never tought about attacking Casterly Rock before? What he was thinking about? Birds?
4289	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	"Hah! I have a great idea! I'll get the people I completely fucked over last season to break me out of my dilemma!"RIP RobbSeriously. This.Just looking at the wiki for the Freys shows that is selective memory.  For examples:"Robb acknowledged that the Freys fought bravely at the Battle of the Whispering Wood where Ser Stevron was in command. Meanwhile Cleos and Tion had fought on the other side under their cousin the Kingslayer, and were captured along with him. Emmon Frey also fought on the Lannister side of the war.After the fall of Winterfell and the Lannister victory over Stannis, the Freys in Roose Bolton's army believed that Robb should bend the knee."A bit less than 100%. Frey never committed his full force to Robb. Just as in the Rebellion he hedged his bets.Some Frey's were more into than others. Stevron Frey was pretty high in Robb's command before he died.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 29 April 2013 - 01:37 PM.
4290	Tadco26	2013-04-29	It was a silly part of an otherwise great episode.  But TV Robb has been annoying since season 2.  He is also so much more of a hypocrit by marrying and breaking his oath even after council from his mother and knowing that his men don't like Talisa before hand.  The show definitely should have found some screen time to explain that the Freys left Robb, because they really don't make it clear at all.  In fact I had to go back and look at the scene from episode 9 of season 1 to even verify that the Frey's had given any troops in the first place, and they did.  The idea that attacking Casterly Rock just came to him now after he was already in the far west at the Crag... 
It was a good episode, but it's hard to save TV Robb's character now from feeling like he deserved betrayal from the Freys after betraying them first.
4291	Adelstein	2013-04-29	I'm only mentioning this because its a book spoiler thread. Lysa is a foaming at the mouth isolationist, at least in the books. There is no chance to bring the Arryns into the fold while she lives, there is a reason that Robb doesn't go to them, it's pretty well known. Otherwise you'd think Catelyn's sister would come her aid.Yeah, the Vale surely has bigger armies to offer. Justifying rapprochment with the Freys over they size of their forces is unaccurate (and unnecessary, if Robb wants Arryn help he'll need the Crossing on his side anyway).EDIT: And that's not even considering Lysa's rabid isolationism, as lil points out. Still, they need to develop it.Maybe not the Arryns themselves, but there might be Vale lords who are more willing to help out. We know that a number of Vale houses were itching to join Robb's army earlier in the war, so if Robb went to the Vale in person he might succeed in winning some of them to his side.Looking back at the point Robb was crowned King, after Lysa had refused to help, the Riverlords didn't follow the Tullys - they declared for Robb as soon as the cry went up. If Robb approached the Vale as a whole and as a potential king (considering most of the Vale lords presumably believe the Lannisters, the only other viable option, murdered their last lord), he might have more luck than he did in trying to recruit the Vale as an ally via Lysa.Of course, this is all hypothetical, and I understand why it didn't get discussed on the show, etc., but if he's going to the Freys, a house he's already pissed off, for more troops, you'd have thought it would be worth at least considering the Vale first, since many of the lords there actively want to get involved.
4292	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-29	At this point, I suddenly wondered if the RW is going to be a W at all?
There could be the set-up of Robb going to Walder Frey to ask him to commit the forces necessary to take Casterly Rock. They all have a big dinner together. Boom.
This would make sense to me in the spirit of simplification that the show has been engaging in, making changes to the books but still getting to the same place in the end. At the end of this scenario, Robb and Cat still end up dead and Walder has his revenge for getting dissed.
Of course, the RW is one of the most iconic events in the whole series, but more for the fact of its outcome than that it was a wedding. I'm not sure what happens with Edmure in this, but he could end up as a hostage anyway.
4293	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Well Robb has been pretty poorly handled in the show, in terms of plot. Acting or whatever is fine I guess, but they jumbled his story. 
I also thought the smile was kind of a "lol wow karma's a bitch, huh?" smile. There's no way he's so stupid. As for not realizing he can attack Casterly Rock, I believe Tywin was previously out with his forces and Robb was just focused on getting the king's landing to free Ned/get his sisters. Why would he think a trip to Casterly Rock benefits him? It's the hail mary play of a man with no options left. On a related note, I noticed some good ole foreshadowing in this episode, namely with the parallels between Robb and Theon. Robb's scene mirrors Theon's beheading of Rodrik.
In Theon's scene, his adviser telling him to ignore his instincts and saying "No, holding him captive is not good enough, he needs to die"
In Robb's scene you have  his adviser telling him to ignore the way he was raised and saying "No, you can't kill him, it will end badly."
In Theon's scene, he listens to his adviser and takes Rodrik's head, and it ends badly.
In Robb's scene he does not listen to his adviser, takes Karstark's head, and it will end badly.
It rained in both scenes
In both scenes, it was more about sending a message than the principle.
In both scenes you have an old warrior guy who gives last words that they hope will haunt the man swinging the sword.
Even the music is the same. So they draw the parallels to Theon's most damning decision in order to indicate how extremely screwed Robb is.
4294	TFP	2013-04-29	He doesn't seem to expect them to be *that* angry.
Makes me think they'll play up tywin's role in egging the Freys on.
4295	Greyjoy67	2013-04-29	@ all the folks saying it's inaccurate to call them neutral.
How is it?
In season 1, Robb says "can we not expect their support" and is told "to expect nothing of Walder Frey". He gets a bridge for a marriage, that's all, not a pledge of troops. In the series they're a bit more vague on that than the book, but that's what they imply I think.
So the Freys ARE neutral. In the series, Robb has just sorta tried to forget about them/ignore them for a while.
4296	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	@ all the folks saying it's inaccurate to call them neutral.How is it?In season 1, Robb says "can we not expect their support" and is told "to expect nothing of Walder Frey". He gets a bridge for a marriage, that's all, not a pledge of troops. In the series they're a bit more vague on that than the book, but that's what they imply I think.So the Freys ARE neutral. In the series, Robb has just sorta tried to forget about them/ignore them for a while.Nope they are not neutral in any sense of the word. Catelyn said "Lord Walder has granted you crossing. His men are yours as well--less the four hundred he will keep here to hold the Crossing against any who would pursue you." Soooo....the Freys were definitely on their side. Or at least acting in ways that the Lannisters would interpret as on their side.
4297	Birdsong65	2013-04-29	Ultimately, the deviations between bookRobb and HBORobb are such that the only truly devastating element of the HBORW is not the 
	Spoiler  deaths of Robb and Catelyn, but of Catelyn alone, clearly the greatest victim of HBORobb's hubris.  It's hard to imagine HBORobb as anything other than deserving in some way which is a  completely abhorrent suggestion as scripted in the novels. I think they are leaving little doubt to even those who have not read the novels that Robb is not long for this world, and it is this lack of book subtlety which should stand as just one of the reasons viewers should read the novels at some point.  You really miss out otherwise.
4298	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	Nope they are not neutral in any sense of the word. Catelyn said "Lord Walder has granted you crossing. His men are yours as well--less the four hundred he will keep here to hold the Crossing against any who would pursue you."Soooo....the Freys were definitely on their side. Or at least acting in ways that the Lannisters would interpret as on their side.Indeed and besides, who wouldn't do or act the same as the Freys??? Their daughter was literally boosted to become lady and later on queen. Something that the Freys were pursuing since their birth if I am not mistaken and then all of a sudden wonder boy decides to marry in the name of love. Please, wake kid! The only reason I would actually talk or even look at the guy who broke such a promise would be under the certainty that he will definitely go down for his love.
4299	zaphodbrx	2013-04-29	Well Robb has been pretty poorly handled in the show, in terms of plot. Acting or whatever is fine I guess, but they jumbled his story.I also thought the smile was kind of a "lol wow karma's a bitch, huh?" smile. There's no way he's so stupid. As for not realizing he can attack Casterly Rock, I believe Tywin was previously out with his forces and Robb was just focused on getting the king's landing to free Ned/get his sisters. Why would he think a trip to Casterly Rock benefits him? It's the hail mary play of a man with no options left. On a related note, I noticed some good ole foreshadowing in this episode, namely with the parallels between Robb and Theon. Robb's scene mirrors Theon's beheading of Rodrik.In Theon's scene, his adviser telling him to ignore his instincts and saying "No, holding him captive is not good enough, he needs to die"In Robb's scene you have  his adviser telling him to ignore the way he was raised and saying "No, you can't kill him, it will end badly."In Theon's scene, he listens to his adviser and takes Rodrik's head, and it ends badly.In Robb's scene he does not listen to his adviser, takes Karstark's head, and it will end badly.It rained in both scenesIn both scenes, it was more about sending a message than the principle.In both scenes you have an old warrior guy who gives last words that they hope will haunt the man swinging the sword.Even the music is the same. So they draw the parallels to Theon's most damning decision in order to indicate how extremely screwed Robb is.Indeed.Another parallel is that both of them want to strike at the 'hometown' of the enemy ( Winterfell, Casterly rock )And will pay dearly for it.
4300	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	Indeed.Another parallel is that both of them want to strike at the 'hometown' of the enemy ( Winterfell, Casterly rock )And will pay dearly for it.Thus the curse of Harrenhal takes its pay from the young wolf.
4301	Fredwin	2013-04-29	The problem is that they do appear to be neutral. There is hardly a mention of them. Catelyn makes a vague warning about marrying Talisa and it never comes to fruition. Robb says "There is only one army capable of, etc, etc." Just look at how that is phrased. He's clearly identifying it as an OTHER army, as in, not his. There was no link in the show to show that the Frey's went from allies to non-allies to potential allies again.
This could have easily been avoided during episode 1 when they arrive at Harrenhal. Instead of this pointless scene and the introduction of Qyburn, we could have had a little exposition. Without having to recast the Great Jon and all the other lords, Robb could have easily had the scouts/riders of each major lord report in to him while they were approaching Harrenhal. He could have addressed each lord's rider by name and given them their respective orders. This would serve to remind the audience who his bannermen are and what's going on with the war currently. This would have been a relatively easy way to reveal that the Freys have abandoned him, where his army is situated, and where his enemies(specifically the mountain)are. Instead the TV viewer never gets an update on the war at all and just continually confusing tidbits of the bigger story. 
As people stated above, Robb is clearly the loser here. In the book he understands he made a mistake and he is actually trying to fix it. It's his arrogance and blissful ignorance that puts his family in the crosshairs. He personally felt he had nothing to fear from the Frey's, he never saw it coming. His allies? The disregard for guest right?
In the show, this is going to be a very hostile situation. Nothing subtle about it, and the biggest tragedy as also stated above, will be Cat's(and Summer's) death and the near miss of Arya. I fear Robb is going to come off looking insane or suicidal.
4302	shiola	2013-04-29	I took it as a bit of a "Lol it looks like that's come back to bite me in the ass."As did I
4303	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I thought, from the preview of next episode, that it would go the same way as in the books. I knew he was screwed then too because I'd been spoiled as to his death. But when the Freys agreed to forgive it with the marriage to a Tully, I was relieved. It lures you into a false sense of security. 
The preview seems to show him talking to some Freys and negotiating the agreement. It's a hostile situation both times.
4304	shiola	2013-04-29	I wonder if these details are as important to non readers?  My brother and my friend have said nothing about it because they hardly remember the Freys.  They just know he's the guy who owns the bridge.
4305	Dove	2013-04-29	Hahaha, yeah, a lot of casual watchers don't even remember them or their contribution beyond the bridge.
My sister is the only one that remembered the Frey marriage agreement before it was brought up this ep, and she still only really knows Walder as "Lord Filch".
4306	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I've only just realized how disappointed I will be if they don't have a Frey or two humming the Rains of Castamere in episode 9.
4307	The Monkey	2013-04-30	I've only just realized how disappointed I will be if they don't have a Frey or two humming the Rains of Castamere in episode 9.It's the title of the episode, so I'm quite certain they'll keep that part. Might just play it over the credits though, like in Blackwater.
4308	Thunderlips	2013-04-30	I thought, from the preview of next episode, that it would go the same way as in the books. I knew he was screwed then too because I'd been spoiled as to his death. But when the Freys agreed to forgive it with the marriage to a Tully, I was relieved. It lures you into a false sense of security.The preview seems to show him talking to some Freys and negotiating the agreement. It's a hostile situation both times.IIRC, in the books some of the Frey's attend the funeral of  Hoster Tully.  It's there that the Frey's bring up the idea of making amends and marrying one of their women to Brynden; with the  caveat being that Robb has to come personally to The Twins to apologize to Lord Walder. IMO, where the show is messing up is that they appear to be making this" reconcilliation" Robb's idea....not Tywin/Roose/Walders idea.  They sort of went there in the conversation between Cersi and Tywin where Tywin reassured her that he was doing EVERYTHING within his power to get Jamie back (which took the form of him doing nothing more than writing letters...presumably to Roose and Walder)....but with the end of this past episode they're making it seem to be more of a coincidence.
4309	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	It's the title of the episode, so I'm quite certain they'll keep that part. Might just play it over the credits though, like in Blackwater.They also hired the drummer for Coldplay, and apparently he's in that episode. I guess we're going to get a big, pounding drums version of tRoC  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
4310	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	It's the title of the episode, so I'm quite certain they'll keep that part. Might just play it over the credits though, like in Blackwater.I meant I hope one of them is humming it like a taunt or something when they open the gates for Robb's forces. Lol. And Robb says something like "I hate that song." or just looks at the guy and he just smiles at him hahahIIRC, in the books some of the Frey's attend the funeral of  Hoster Tully.  It's there that the Frey's bring up the idea of making amends and marrying one of their women to Brynden; with the  caveat being that Robb has to come personally to The Twins to apologize to Lord Walder.IMO, where the show is messing up is that they appear to be making this" reconcilliation" Robb's idea....not Tywin/Roose/Walders idea.  They sort of went there in the conversation between Cersi and Tywin where Tywin reassured her that he was doing EVERYTHING within his power to get Jamie back (which took the form of him doing nothing more than writing letters...presumably to Roose and Walder)....but with the end of this past episode they're making it seem to be more of a coincidence.How do we know that though? It sounds from the preview like Robb said "we'll do everything in our power to give him what he needs" and the Frey's then said "not what...who." Which sounds like Robb was ready to bend over backwards and thought it'd be solved by giving him money or land or something, but then they said "we want a wedding." So it's possible that Tywin left Casterly Rock pretty much unguarded to goad him into attacking there (similar to Robb's plan for the Mountain), and knew he would need the Twins and saw an opportunity. Didn't they cut out a part of Robb's campaign that went west? It was something like his direwolf helped them find a safe route through this dangerous pass so that they could attack near Casterly Rock?The genius of it is that it really does seem as if it's all Robb's idea and that Tywin's comments are just coincidences. But then when the audience finds out it was Tywin behind all of that, we finally learn why Tywin is this complete badass that everyone respects lol
4311	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	This thing just crossed my mind: isn't it possible thar Robb was talking about asking Walder for the men he had kept for himself back in season 1? I know 400 people are not so many, but as Robb said, every single man is precious for the north. So 400 men may be of use.
4312	Tadco26	2013-04-30	This thing just crossed my mind: isn't it possible thar Robb was talking about asking Walder for the men he had kept for himself back in season 1? I know 400 people are not so many, but as Robb said, every single man is precious for the north. So 400 men may be of use.No I don't think that is possible, or at least it would be a completely terrible story line for all the other Freys to still be fighting for Robb thru this whole thing and then try to explain how big a deal Robb's betrayal of trust was.Will non-readers even care about the Freys? Can you really blame the TV Freys for picking the Lannisters over Robb who just betrayed them and was already vastly outnumbered before losing the Karstarks (which the TV bumped up to control half of the entire northern army). In the books we have Big and Little Walder at Winterfell being jackasses. We have the Frey squire at Harrenhal mistreating Arya, when really she is the princess he was pledged to. We have Cleos Frey traveling with Jaime and Brienne and dieing. We have Walder Frey's eldest and heir dying in battle for Robb. We have a Frey squire for Robb. We have the Freys under Roose Bolton encouraging him to convince Robb to bend the knee after the Blackwater and losing Winterfell. We have Ser Perwyn Frey accompany Catelyn when she goes to see Renly. Most of these have to be cut for TV budget and casting restriction purposes, but without any of that how powerful of a "betrayal" is it really? Robb hasn't given the Freys anything and has only broken his word and they haven't had a presence on the show since season 1.  It's hard to make the Freys mean anything when they have had almost zero impact on the show other than allowing Robb to cross the bridge and giving him troops which have never been mentioned again since season 1.
4313	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	No I don't think that is possible, or at least it would be a completely terrible story line for all the other Freys to still be fighting for Robb thru this whole thing and then try to explain how big a deal Robb's betrayal of trust was.Will non-readers even care about the Freys? Can you really blame the TV Freys for picking the Lannisters over Robb who just betrayed them and was already vastly outnumbered before losing the Karstarks (which the TV bumped up to control half of the entire northern army). In the books we have Big and Little Walder at Winterfell being jackasses. We have the Frey squire at Harrenhal mistreating Arya, when really she is the princess he was pledged to. We have Cleos Frey traveling with Jaime and Brienne and dieing. We have Walder Frey's eldest and heir dying in battle for Robb. We have a Frey squire for Robb. We have the Freys under Roose Bolton encouraging him to convince Robb to bend the knee after the Blackwater and losing Winterfell. We have Ser Perwyn Frey accompany Catelyn when she goes to see Renly. Most of these have to be cut for TV budget and casting restriction purposes, but without any of that how powerful of a "betrayal" is it really? Robb hasn't given the Freys anything and has only broken his word and they haven't had a presence on the show since season 1.  It's hard to make the Freys mean anything when they have had almost zero impact on the show other than allowing Robb to cross the bridge and giving him troops which have never been mentioned again since season 1.True. I hope the show explains everything, or at least something, next sunday.
4314	ChozenOne	2013-04-30	I think they can fix it all in one scene next week. You have good Frey/bad Frey with lame Lothor and Black Walder. As they converse, Robb asks for the men, Black Walder gets angry and says something like "My lord father supplied you with troops. Bolton used our footsoldiers as human shields (couldn't think of another term for cannon fodder, no gunpowder), and the rest withdrew when you betrayed us and broke your solemn vows." Robb gets pissed, calls them deserters to their king, they start yelling and insulting each other, and Lame Lothor comes in to break it up and offer the marrige proposal to Edmure and Robb's apology as amends for breaking the marrige pact. Adresses the army mentioned in season 1 and still makes the wedding a Frey/Lannister/Bolton plot.
					
					
							Edited by ChozenOne, 30 April 2013 - 02:05 PM.
4315	Tadco26	2013-04-30	I'm sure they will do something to explain the Frey situation to some degree, but it's still going to be harder for viewers to care about these Frey's they just met.  How can the loss of the Frey troops mean much now to TV viewers, when we never saw their impact when they were with Robb, nor saw them leave, nor saw Robb care about them leaving.  At the very least they should have had a short discussion after the wedding about the Frey's leaving, and Robb trying to think of a way to fix the problem.  Or at least mentioning there is a problem?  Catelyn mentioned it to a degree before he got married, but there was no fall out after Robb ignored her. 
But TV Robb doesn't really seem to give a damn about the Freys to this point, and hasn't even acknowledged that his decision put them in a bad spot.
4316	HexenII	2013-04-30	I took it as more of a crazed laugh/smile.... right then Robb realized if he just married the Frey girl the loss of the Karstarks wouldn't have been such a big blow. And now he has to undo his big mistake. Sometimes when you're fucked, and you finally realize how fucked you are, all you can do is laugh.Quite sure many of us has had that smile in our faces once.
4317	sertravisredbeard	2013-05-02	I'm really hoping that these next few episodes patch some of these points up.  It's true that the viewers aren't going to be as surprised because they haven't been as familiar with the Freys as readers were before the wedding.  Stevron, Black Walder, Perwyn, Olyvar and some other Freys all made impressions on readers.  They weren't just some extra members of the army.
The same can be true for some of the characters that die at the wedding.  I'm pretty bummed we haven't been introduced to Dacey Mormont, the Smalljon, Wendel Manderly, and some of the other members of Robb's honor guard that end up dead.  Lots of people on these boards were almost as bummed out about them dying as the more main characters, including me.  The way the show is being set up, the impact of the RW might not be nearly as bad as it is in the book.
4318	go joff go	2013-04-28	Funniest line for me was when Selyse names fetus number 3 Edric (so many inside jokes this year).
Best line:  I would go with Jaimies whole Monologue.  So amazing.
4319	Er Rn	2013-04-28	Cersei's expression when Tywin told her she would be married to Loras /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4320	Montey14	2013-04-28	yes Edric  brought out a chuckle ....very well played
4321	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Wasn't a line but the funniest thing was when Blackfish punches Karstark for calling him boy. I don't know if it was supposed to be funny but I laughed out loud.
4322	The Flaying Man	2013-04-28	Funniest line has to go to Roose and his trolling of Jaime. Best line has to be Jaime's monologue, without a shadow of a doubt!
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 28 April 2013 - 09:52 PM.
4323	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-28	Davos - "I wouldn't know where to start."
Shireen - "At the beginning."
This really made me lol for some reason.
4324	Chuck88	2013-04-28	I loved the Edric reference.
Overly-intense book purists everywhere will be foaming at the mouth with that one.
4325	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-28	Beric saying he was killed by a Clegane twice.
4326	Nezzer	2013-04-28	Funniest line has to go to Roose and his trolling of Jaime. Best line has to be Jaime's monologue, without a shadow of a doubt!LOL I loved Roose's trolling. Like father, like son /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4327	ebevan91	2013-04-28	Shireen: "Ser Onion Knight"
4328	Prefiera de Gryfalco	2013-04-28	I was SO PISSED they left out one of my favorite lines from ASOS:
BWB:  The night is dark and full of terrors...
Sandor:  This cave is dark too, but I'm the only terror here.
The Hound loses all his great lines...
4329	Mark Antony	2013-04-28	Yeah Roose trolling Jaime was great
4330	DjaqenHghar	2013-04-28	Arya " I can be your family"
Gendry " You wouldn't be my family, you'd be milady"
So sad to see Arya lose her pack.
4331	Head of The Ned	2013-04-28	I was SO PISSED they left out one of my favorite lines from ASOS:BWB:  The night is dark and full of terrors...Sandor:  This cave is dark too, but I'm the only terror here.The Hound loses all his great lines...That and Robb's line about "who would ever want to be a king"But it's all good.I really liked the scene with Arya and Gendry, when she said he could be her family, and he says "no, you would be my lady"I also really liked Shireen.... such a sweet girl, you can't help but feel for her.Edit: Mintberry Crunch beat me to it
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 28 April 2013 - 11:31 PM.
4332	Kasrith	2013-04-28	"The Lannisters always pay their debts... They never stop talking about it" - Edmure Tully /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4333	Head of The Ned	2013-04-28	HAha that was a good one too. And Blackfish punching Karstark had me laughing as well.
4334	Kasrith	2013-04-29	"What will they do, lock us in cells?" haha they did such a good job with Shireen
4335	Corvinus	2013-04-29	You know nothing, Jon Sn OH!!!
4336	Valonqar_	2013-04-29	QoT: A royal wedding sounds a lot safer (paraphrasing) So much foreshadowing
4337	Kasrith	2013-04-29	QoT: A royal wedding sounds a lot safer (paraphrasing) So much foreshadowingOhh yes nice catch
4338	HomeGrownCrown	2013-04-29	The credits. I think it may even be Shireen singing patches lines.
4339	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-29	Random funny moment was the Queen of Thorns saying she liked figs because they were good for the bowels. At the end of the scene Tyrion is grabbing figs off the tray. His nerves are fraying...
4340	lightbringer333	2013-04-29	cersei was dancing when tywin told tyrion to wed sansa. this scene culd have been much more better and hiliarious.
coz when cersei's turn came and tywin told cersei will be married to loras. i was very much expecting to see tyrion's reaction at cersei. like tit for tat.
4341	The Drunkard	2013-04-29	Stannis talking to Shireen was hilarious. So awkward.
"Did you win?"
"...Nope."
4342	Ser Janqarl	2013-04-29	Shireen teaching Davos: "This word is Aegon, the A-e-g sounds like egg"
Anyone else got the reference here?
4343	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-29	"I can be your family" "You wouldn't be my family, you'd be milady""Mother said you fought in a battle, did you win?"".......no""By what right, does the Wolf judge the Lion?""Jaime...my name's Jaime"
					
					
							Edited by Eric Xayavong, 29 April 2013 - 01:56 AM.
4344	Eira Seren	2013-04-29	I wish I could remember all of the direct quote, but to paraphrase: The Queen of Thorns telling Tyrion she's heard he's a drunkard and debauched, but is disappointed to find he's really just the equivalent of a boring clerk.
4345	Mr Hodor	2013-04-29	Shireen...
Olenna Tyrell taming tyrion
4346	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-29	Shireen singing Patchface's song!
"Their distractions are likely to end with us being torn to bits" QoT FTW!
Every single thing Tyrion said or did.
4347	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-29	Blackfish punching Karstark made me laugh as well. 
I'm glad they put in Robb telling them to hang the lookout last so he can watch his friends die, loved that line in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Blow, 29 April 2013 - 03:01 AM.
4348	Dove	2013-04-29	Roose Bolton being a goddamn troll, Jaime's "I'll scream" - "I'll scream loudly" bit, QoT being QoT, and Stannis being incredibly awkward with Shireen are probably the most obvious ones. I laughed out loud at Cersei's smugface in response to Tyrion's engagement plans, too.
4349	teemo	2013-04-29	Yessss, my boyfriend laughed for the first time EVER during GoT when Tyrion made a joke about Sansa not having the "right bits" for Loras and Tywin said, "Your jokes are not appreciated."
I laughed when Roose trolled Jaime as well.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 29 April 2013 - 03:38 AM.
4350	The Flaying Man	2013-04-29	On a side note, I'm so glad they kept the line about hanging the Karstark lookout last so he could watch the rest, bravo Bryan Cogman!
4351	lightbringer333	2013-04-29	lord tywin commands his children.
tywin to tyrion : you will wed her, bed her and put a child in her.
tywin to cersei : you are still fertile. you need to marry again and breed.
4352	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	Best lines: Jaime.
Funniest line: Shireen "What are they going to do? Lock us in cells?"
Booyah moment: Blackfish flogging Lord Karstark
Absolutely love Shireen - awesome introduction to her. Selyse was a little bit too "In your face" macabre.
Edit: Arya crying at Gendry was a tear-jerker moment.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 29 April 2013 - 04:35 AM.
4353	Toxspecific	2013-04-29	Jaime's throne of cocks comment about Renly was funnier than Tyrion's about Loras.
Stannis going "Nah" when Shirren asked if he won or lost.
And moving on from funny lines, Beric getting up after the Hound killed him. And what the hell is up with all the sexual tension whenever Cersei is in the same room as Tyrion. I think the show is taking this somewhere /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4354	Sun	2013-04-29	I didn't find any lines funny this ep. literally not one. But then again I think hilarious laugh lines might have broken the spell of this ep, which felt profoundly moving from beginning to end.
4355	Maria Underfoot	2013-04-29	Jaime's monologue was perfect, and of course we got the "I'll scream very loudly" line. I found the final scene really funny. When Tyrion comes in the room, he says "What's she doing here", in such a childish tone that I cracked up. And Cersei starts smirking like a weirdo. They really do behave like babies. And "missing some of Loras favorite bits" made me chuhckle as well.
4356	victim	2013-04-29	Best line: "BURN IN HELL!" "He will. But not today."
Funniest line: "They were Tywin Lannister's nephews, the Lannister's pay their debts... They never stop talking about it."
So glad Edmure said this. He was made out to be such a buffoon in his first appearance, it's nice to see he at least thinks logically and has a touch of wit to him.
4357	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	QoT's line to Tyrion, I cannot remember exactly how she said it but when she basically said she expected a lecherous drunk and was disappointed to find a bookkeeper. I LOLed, especially at Tyrion's expression.
QoT rules!
Best line is clearly Jaime's monologue. I am developing such a NCW crush.
4358	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-29	I don't think there were that many... I think I may have laughed a couple of times, but that I can't come up with any funny lines that were also meant to be funny out of the top of my head is probably telling. Not that I needed them though, the episode felt complete without them. 
I remember laughing as Tywin turned to Cersei because I knew what was coming, and he wiped that stupid smug smile off her face perfectly. I also laughed at Tywin's ending line because yeah, the Lannisters are pretty freaking damn dysfunctional when you think about it.
4359	RoamingRonin	2013-04-29	Cersei and Loras were hilarious this episode. First Loras asks the squire/boy whore, "How did you know?" and the squire/boy whore is all like... "Dude. Seriously?" Then Cersei turns to Tywin is goes, "What do you mean?" when he brings up the topic of marriage. He burned that smile off her face.
4360	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-29	HAha that was a good one too. And Blackfish punching Karstark had me laughing as well.The Blackfish is a total WIN. Love him, Hound and Arya for being the bravest and coolest.
4361	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-29	"SIr Davos is a traitor. He's rotting in a dungeon cell for his crime. Best forget him."Hilarious the way he crushed his kids spirit.Roose's troll of Jaime was all kinds of hilarious as well.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 29 April 2013 - 10:40 AM.
4362	Gannicus	2013-04-29	It might not have meant to be funny. But Tywin is such a boss I was laughing my ass off at the end of his speech. Charles Dance is phenomenal, he nails it every time.
4363	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-29	Roose Trollton is not book-consistent but it was so hilarious I will happily look the other way.
Also, non-book-fans are starting to connect the dots between Roose and "Boy".  I'm seeing people seize on the mutual fondness for (gratuitous) trolling as a hint that they might be related [like father like son, and so on].
Shireen singing Patchface's song was fantastic as well.
4364	King Tyrion I	2013-04-29	It might not have meant to be funny. But Tywin is such a boss I was laughing my ass off at the end of his speech. Charles Dance is phenomenal, he nails it every time.I was laughing too. And I agree with you. Charles Dance is absolutely perfect.The look on Cersei's and Tyrion's face was precious, too.And of course the Queen of Thorns meeting the imp. Diana Rigg nails it as well.
4365	ReekLeek	2013-04-29	"SIr Davos is a traitor. He's rotting in a dungeon cell for his crime. Best forget him."Hilarious the way he crushed his kids spirit.Roose's troll of Jaime was all kinds of hilarious as well.This
4366	Autumn is Coming	2013-04-29	Roose TrolltonOh. My. God.
4367	relish5k	2013-04-29	I liked the Hound's line about the Red God liking him more than the butcher's boy. I feel like the Hound's "goodness" in the show is a lot more prominent than in the books. A line like that reminds us that he's a mean, scary dude.
4368	Spidey	2013-04-29	Not exactly a funny line but I laughed quite a bit about Roose Bolton trolling Jaime hard about Cersei.
4369	David Selig	2013-04-29	Funniest line has to go to Roose and his trolling of Jaime.This. Such an awesome moment, Roose is a great troll.
4370	Logodnica	2013-04-29	So DISSAPOINTED they didn't include Jamie's two best lines:
"Lord Bolton invited me to dinner but he neglected to invite my fleas"
"Let him be king over ashes" 
ARGH!!!
4371	Funkagenda	2013-04-29	'I like you boy, but if you lie to me I'll pull your guts out through your throat', by Tormund.
Also the Roose trolling scene.
4372	Ampris	2013-04-29	These have already been mentioned - QoT calling Tyrion a browbeaten bookkeeper, and Tyrion commenting that Sansa is missing some of Loras's favorite bits.
But no one mentioned LF and Sansa! She tells him she is worried about his safety and he tells her "I can't tell you how touched I am" oh god it was so blatantly pedophilic and Sansa is so completely oblivious!
4373	M'lady Cynthia Rayder	2013-04-29	Arya " I can be your family"Gendry " You wouldn't be my family, you'd be milady"So sad to see Arya lose her pack.My favourite as well!
4374	SkaggCannibal	2013-04-29	Arya:
"I can be your family."
"Can you bring back a man without a head? Not six times, just once."
poor girl
4375	cybobbie	2013-04-29	QoT have great fun lines in this episode and for the best lines, in this episode Jaime was a master.
4376	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I liked...hmmmm
I liked "By what right does the wolf judge the lion?" because it recalls Tywin's comments in the first season that the lion does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
I liked Arya's question about the headless man because they've shown her rage and wits but they haven't really dealt much with how much she misses her father. 
I liked Roose Bolton's trolling because I felt like he almost couldn't decide if he wanted to be honest or not.
Everything about the last scene was fantastic. Liked the lion in the last shot
I liked the Hound's trial because I was getting really tired of people seeing R'hllor's followers as "drinking the kool aid" and manipulated by charismatic leaders. It was nice to finally have their religion lent some credibility and show why it is people are such devout followers of it. They truly do see some crazy stuff.
4377	Jenny-of-Oldstones	2013-04-29	'Is this a rescue?' - Willem Lannister
... my humour is dark and full of sarcasm.
4378	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	Since I'm a language geek: "What good is the word extravagant if it can't be used to describe a royal wedding?"
Jaime's monologue, of course. And the look on Brienne's face made it even better.
Arya's "Could you bring back a man without a head?"
Tywin: "We find Sansa Stark a different husband."
Tyrion: "Wonderful."
Cersei: "Yes, it is..."
"And your sister... How can I put this... Your sister... is alive and well."
4379	Stag Country	2013-04-29	Hard to say.  Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s bath scene certainly was good and I appreciated the back story, but my wife<U+0080>who has not read the books<U+0080>.turned to me to ask what on Earth he was talking about.  I did like how all he really seemed to want in that moment was a degree of validation from Ned Stark.  The line about slitting his (Aerys) throat was also good<U+0080><U+0080>it was the Westerosi version of the second law of fighting zombies<U+0080>..always double tap!!Best lines:  I liked the scene where Jon Snow finally grew a pair.  When Orell calls him a liar, he drops his bundle, gets in his face, and asks him about what happens to his eagle when he runs him through.  Loved it.  Finally, Snow gets a spine.Also, the intro of Grey Worm talking about choosing to keep his slave name for what it reminded him of and seeing Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s choked up reaction.  Love the Valyrian language in this season.Edmure<U+0080><U+0099>s <U+0080><U+009C><U+0080>.they never stop saying it<U+0080><U+009D>. Stannis:  <U+0080><U+009C>Did you win?<U+0080><U+009D>  *sheepish look* <U+0080><U+009C>No.<U+0080><U+009D>Berric: <U+0080><U+009C>I wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t wish this life on him (Ned).<U+0080><U+009D>Arya: <U+0080><U+009C>I would.  You<U+0080><U+0099>re still alive.<U+0080><U+009D>
4380	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-29	I liked how Roose trolled Jaime. But my favourite was Ygritte saying "You know nothing Jon Snow" when he is going down on her, and then she moans /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))) He knows a thing or two was my reply /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))
4381	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-29	I liked Stannis telling Shireen 'the Onion Knight is rotting in a cell' . It was so straightforward, for once so Stannis, and her face was priceless.
4382	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	I liked how Roose trolled Jaime. But my favourite was Ygritte saying "You know nothing Jon Snow" when he is going down on her, and then she moans /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))) He knows a thing or two was my reply /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))I changed my favorite quote to something I saw in a review regarding this scene "Winter isn't the only thing that's coming" LOLOLOL
4383	Red Knight	2013-04-29	I was SO PISSED they left out one of my favorite lines from ASOS:BWB:  The night is dark and full of terrors...Sandor:  This cave is dark too, but I'm the only terror here.The Hound loses all his great lines...i agree
4384	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-04-29	Robb: This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
Karstark: Kill me and be cursed. You are no king of mine. (It was just the execution of that line that was so awesome accompanied by his...well execution. HA!)
4385	Foune	2013-04-29	Brynden Blackfish's mailed thunderfist of destruction was epic!
4386	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	QoT calling Tyrion a "browbeaten bookkeeper."
4387	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-29	Brynden Blackfish's mailed thunderfist of destruction was epic!Ouch that really HURT.
4388	The Flaying Man	2013-04-29	I don't think this has been mentioned upthread, but I found Brienne's "There's another tub!" hilarious...just the panicked tone Gwen delivered the line in, followed by rapidly moving as far away from Jaime/NCW as she could.
4389	julyleo	2013-04-29	Arya " I can be your family"Gendry " You wouldn't be my family, you'd be mi'lady" I mean my heart broke I was in tears loved the double meaning! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
4390	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	I was enjoying watching Cersei get her comeuppance until she said "Father, don't make me do it again, please" in a voice she's never used before on the TV show, at which point I felt bad because I remembered that, as miserable a person as she is, I certainly don't envy her life, and for good reason.  And even if you don't feel bad for her at that moment, it's still the kind of line that at least has to make you feel a little bad for not feeling bad for her.
Lena Headey's delivery is incredibly spot-on.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 29 April 2013 - 11:18 PM.
4391	Maria Underfoot	2013-04-30	I forgot about Jaime's comment on Pycelle: "grey-sucking cunt". That cracked me up
4392	lizziebeth	2013-04-30	I was enjoying watching Cersei get her comeuppance until she said "Father, don't make me do it again, please" in a voice she's never used before on the TV show, at which point I felt bad because I remembered that, as miserable a person as she is, I certainly don't envy her life, and for good reason.  And even if you don't feel bad for her at that moment, it's still the kind of line that at least has to make you feel a little bad for not feeling bad for her.Lena Headey's delivery is incredibly spot-on.I completely agree.  I am not a Cersei fan by any stretch of the imagination, but that line and it's perfect delivery made me feel for Cersei.I don't think this has been mentioned upthread, but I found Brienne's "There's another tub!" hilarious...just the panicked tone Gwen delivered the line in, followed by rapidly moving as far away from Jaime/NCW as she could.I loved that. Gwen and NCW are just so fantastic and the rest of that scene so poignant, that we forget that funny little bit just before.
4393	mankytoes	2013-04-30	I was SO PISSED they left out one of my favorite lines from ASOS:BWB:  The night is dark and full of terrors...Sandor:  This cave is dark too, but I'm the only terror here.The Hound loses all his great lines...Yeah, that's a shame, but I still think he had some great lines, espeically last week. And I loved his reaction to Arya trying to kill him after the fight, proper smug smile, said something like "it looks like the Gods are on my side".
4394	The Flaying Man	2013-04-30	I forgot about Jaime's comment on Pycelle: "grey-sucking cunt". That cracked me up*"Grey, sunken cunt"That was a good one too.
4395	NewJeffCT	2013-04-30	QoT's line to Tyrion, I cannot remember exactly how she said it but when she basically said she expected a lecherous drunk and was disappointed to find a bookkeeper. I LOLed, especially at Tyrion's expression.QoT rules!Best line is clearly Jaime's monologue. I am developing such a NCW crush.I hope they don't take out the Red Viper's line about being disappointed by Baby Tyrion - how he was expecting a monster with a tail and fangs and the like, and all he got was an ugly baby with a big head that kept crying for a woman's teat.
4396	Drogo_1	2013-04-30	Tywin " You will wed her, Bed her , and put a child in her".
4397	Hotpie4theironthrone	2013-04-30	The bit that made me laugh was the guy that seduced Loras
They had that scene with them getting it on and i was like oh come on for fuck sake what is the point
Then the way they just really abruptly cut to that scene revealing him as Littlefinger's spy, just made me laugh!
4398	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-30	The bit that made me laugh was the guy that seduced LorasThey had that scene with them getting it on and i was like oh come on for fuck sake what is the pointThen the way they just really abruptly cut to that scene revealing him as Littlefinger's spy, just made me laugh!Haha me too, it was kind of a face palm moment, like, of course!!Also- Blackfish punch-awesomeand pretty much everything else has been covered /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4399	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-30	Why hasn't the internet provided me with a Blackfish Punch of Epic .gif yet?
4400	Maester Hodor	2013-04-30	Jaime: I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bath tub.
Brienne: Why should I care how you die?
Jaime: You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him.
That part made me laugh.
4401	iheartseverus	2013-05-01	Grey Worm: Thoruko nodu hokas pesi, sami brogi perri, shebrejo brezie senestas gimbroto, queenilay shebrojo omaseda drary waboostas me thoruko nodu saji broji dovi Daenerys Jermazmo captas jiderve.
(I saw this posted elsewhere, thought it was hilarious--so I stole it and brought it here)  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4402	The Drunkard	2013-05-01	I liked Stannis telling Shireen 'the Onion Knight is rotting in a cell' . It was so straightforward, for once so Stannis, and her face was priceless.That expression as he looked away made it all the better."Ah shit, you did it again, bail bail bail."
4403	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-29	Is anyone else wondering where the hell they are? I realize that we never see any Greyjoys in ASOS, but if they made the decision to show us Theon it leads one to wonder what the hell is going on with Asha and Balon. Tywin has yet to receive an offer of alliance like he did in the book, and retaking the North doesn't seem to be a priority at all for Robb.
I can understand leaving Balon out of this season (though it is disappointing since he was played so well by Malahide) but are we going to see Asha?
4404	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	There's a brief still of Asha in one of the trailers, so we will see her this season. But yeah, I agree. It's disappointing that the Greyjoys have been an afterthought so far this season, given that they still hold a notable part of the North.
4405	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	I feel like they will find time to introduce them in Season 4, since for non-readers this show already has way too many characters, and all readers do is complain that xyz storyline isn't getting enough time and they're jumping around too much. Once Robb and Cat are off'd I guess we'll begin to get to know that dysfunctional as fuck family.
4406	Angmar	2013-04-30	No mention of Balon crowned King this season either...
Maybe they move his death later on after the weddings, once when the AFFC storylines begin appearing.
4407	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	I thought Tywin did say something about an offer from the Greyjoys?  Or Tyrion....  Then Tywin said leave it alone, of course I'm also listening to the book on tape right now so I could be confused.
4408	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	No mention of Balon crowned King this season either...Maybe they move his death later on after the weddings, once when the AFFC storylines begin appearing.In Season 2 Theon says Balon has crowned himself King when he captures Winterfell.
4409	Angmar	2013-04-30	In Season 2 Theon says Balon has crowned himself King when he captures Winterfell.Has he been acknowledged as an actual threat for the other kings this season though?Because I'm thinking that scene with Stannis and Melisandre on the beach,  he was telling her "I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead." The threats for his claim to the Iron Throne...Reminiscent of that scene with the leeches in the book, only he mentions Balon there as well.So he doesn't take Balon seriously (who does).
4410	Dove	2013-04-30	So he doesn't take Balon seriously (who does).sad-face-balon.jpgHe was always kind of a joke, wasn't he? I wonder if he'll even be dying this season or if they'll put it off.It seems like if he dies in S3 they'll pretty much have to move the Kingsmoot/AFFC Ironborn material into S4 which would throw off the timing a bit.
4411	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Yeah, I guess no one takes them seriously enough. Even in the books I kept thinking "Oh for fucks sake you're not going to win just go back to raiding random coastlines"
Not until Euron shows up are they really of any consequence so I'm sure they just cut a bunch of Greyjoy stuff until they have time for it.
4412	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-30	On the HBO page he isn't even listed as one of the Kings. There's the "King on the Iron Throne", "King in the Narrow Sea", "King in the North", and "Queen across the Sea" (Daenerys). No "King of Salt and Rock" to be seen /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
4413	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	They could move his death to whenever they decide to start the AFFC/ADWD stuff. I don't think him dying later really throws off any of the other stuff. he could fall of the bridge to end one episode, Euron arrives the next, Aeron decides a Kingsmoot is needed and then a couple episodes later it happens.
4414	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Has he been acknowledged as an actual threat for the other kings this season though?Because I'm thinking that scene with Stannis and Melisandre on the beach,  he was telling her "I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead." The threats for his claim to the Iron Throne...Reminiscent of that scene with the leeches in the book, only he mentions Balon there as well.So he doesn't take Balon seriously (who does).Tywin takes Balon seriously. Well sort of."Now I have seven kingdoms to run and three of them are in open rebellion"North/Riverlands, Iron Islands and Stormlands?
4415	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	Tywin takes Balon seriously. Well sort of."Now I have seven kingdoms to run and three of them are in open rebellion"North/Riverlands, Iron Islands and Stormlands?I assume he takes them less seriously than robb/stannis. Hell Balon helped him by taking the north and forcing robb to go to the twins.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 30 April 2013 - 11:58 PM.
4416	Dove	2013-05-01	On the HBO page he isn't even listed as one of the Kings. There's the "King on the Iron Throne", "King in the Narrow Sea", "King in the North", and "Queen across the Sea" (Daenerys). No "King of Salt and Rock" to be seen /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Hahaha. Poor Balon. I wonder why they'd have Theon talk about his father crowning himself king if they weren't gonna follow up on it at all, even in dialogue or the viewer's guide.I'm definitely dying to see what they've written up for Asha this season, and whether it ties into Balon or not. Does anyone know if the actor is confirmed to be appearing this season/confirmed not to be?
4417	Kernest	2013-05-01	If Asha/Yara is indeed to appear this season, the way I see it, it has to be her learning the news of Balon's demise, perhaps in the very last episode, setting up the kingsmoot for the next season, so that there'll be plenty of time for them to flesh out the Greyjoy brothers and then Asha/Yara runs back to Deepwood Motte after her loss to be captured by Stannis in season 5. Just my assumptions and guesses, we'll see how it goes.
					
					
							Edited by Kernest, 01 May 2013 - 12:29 AM.
4418	FattyPeon	2013-05-01	They could move his death to whenever they decide to start the AFFC/ADWD stuff. I don't think him dying later really throws off any of the other stuff. he could fall of the bridge to end one episode, Euron arrives the next, Aeron decides a Kingsmoot is needed and then a couple episodes later it happens.I don't know if they can show Balon's death, since its so ambiguous i.e. was it a faceless man? or the wind?
4419	The Killer Snark	2013-05-01	The only people who ever took Balon seriously were Asha and Theon, and even the latter thought he was an ass. Imagine a ruler of an island stronghold who dies by falling off a bridge.
4420	Dove	2013-05-01	Balon's Themehttps://www.youtube....h?v=1ytCEuuW2_AI always figured that it had to've been a Faceless Man hired by Euron, but the idea of him just falling is hilarious. Even the Iron Islands themselves rejected him.
4421	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Honestly, Balon Greyjoy has got to be one of the top 5 dumbest characters in the books. Both his rebellions were just pathetic. He's rightfully ignored by almost everyone. The only thing of any import he did the whole time was taking Moat Cailin, and look how that turned out!
4422	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	I'm assuming we'll either get the news of Balon's death in the last episode, or we'll hear of it shortly before the RW, to strengthen the feeling that things are looking better for Robb. Then we'll get the Kingsmoot arc in Season 4.
4423	Rhasgul	2013-05-01	Tywin takes Balon seriously. Well sort of."Now I have seven kingdoms to run and three of them are in open rebellion"North/Riverlands, Iron Islands and Stormlands?Just to take away a common misconception here: The Riverlands used to be part of the Kingdom of Isles and River under rule of Harren before he was destroyed by Aegon I. So the 3 in rebellion are the previous North, Isles and Rivers and Stormlands /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I do think it's sad that we hear so little about Balon indeed, but I think they're keeping his death for later since they'll call the kingsmoot not much after that.They SHOULD give Balon some recognition as fourth king in the realm though.
4424	The Monkey	2013-05-01	You can't really say the Stormlands are in rebellion though, can you? Stannis never even took Storm's End on the show. I'm guessing the three "kingdoms" are The North, The Riverlands and the Iron Islands. I know The Riverlands never was one of the kingdoms, but the show viewers don't give a fuck.
4425	Rhasgul	2013-05-01	You can't really say the Stormlands are in rebellion though, can you? Stannis never even took Storm's End on the show. I'm guessing the three "kingdoms" are The North, The Riverlands and the Iron Islands. I know The Riverlands never was one of the kingdoms, but the show viewers don't give a fuck.Most of the lords in the stormlands have indeed submitted to the king's peace but Storm's End is still in open rebellion. They are pledged to Stannis, which is why Mace has laid siege on them. Since Storm's End is the seat of whoever rules the Stormlands i guess that kingdom is still in rebellion Ps: i know they change quite a lot but suddenly calling the riverlands a kingdom would be a bit crazy imho.
					
					
							Edited by Rhasgul, 01 May 2013 - 05:57 AM.
4426	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Most of the lords in the stormlands have indeed submitted to the king's peace but Storm's End is still in open rebellion. They are pledged to Stannis, which is why Mace has laid siege on them. Since Storm's End is the seat of whoever rules the Stormlands i guess that kingdom is still in rebellionI dont think Stannis actually holds Storm's End in the show. In fact, I'm not sure that Storm's End even exists in the show.
4427	Rhasgul	2013-05-01	There's only VERY little reference to Storm's End, but it IS there:http://gameofthrones..._the_Stormlands
4428	Tadco26	2013-05-01	So far they haven't even told us that the Ironborn took Moat Cailin or anywhere other than Deepwood Motte and the unplanned capture of Winterfell which they have since lost.  I imagine most TV viewers consider the Ironborn threat to win anything to be about on par with post Blackwater Stannis.
4429	'96Buck	2013-05-01	Showing the REAL Ironborn would give away that the people holding Theon are NOT Ironborn.  Or at a minimum, make that much more confusing.  Until the Ramsay "reveal", I would not expect to see a Balon sequence.  You could show Asha @ Deepwood Motte (which I guess is not going to be wood, because if it is, Theon would know that and would have known the Dreadford isn't it), I guess.  But I don't know what she would be doing.
I'm not certian, but hasn't the "Ironborn at Moat Calain (sp?)" thing been dropped?  Just another extra item that can be dropped fairly smoothly.   Ironborn took it, then lost it, returning to status quo ante. Have to bring Reed's men into it to explain what's going on there.  Robb is already attacking Casterly Rock instead.   If we need Theon to replicate his brief turn there from the book, it can be done at any unnamed strongpoint or holdfast.
4430	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-01	There is a problem if they have Balon die this season. We will be left with Lannisters owning everything. Starks are off the table. The Greyjoys are ... Who? (in the minds of the viewers) and Dany is miles away. 
I don't know where they will have Stannis story end this season - perhaps with a decisive decision to head to the Wall?
After the shock of the RW there needs to be something in Ep10 for the suspense. Perhaps the news that the Iron Fleet has arrived and Asha reacts to that? If they do have the news that Balon is dead, it needs to be coupled with the potential menace the of the Iron Fleet.
4431	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	There is a problem if they have Balon die this season. We will be left with Lannisters owning everything. Starks are off the table. The Greyjoys are ... Who? (in the minds of the viewers) and Dany is miles away.Isnt that how it is in the books though? After the RW, the Lannisters have pretty much consolidated there power and dominion over Westeros, with only isolated pockets of resistance.
4432	ShigellaSand	2013-05-01	Isnt that how it is in the books though? After the RW, the Lannisters have pretty much consolidated there power and dominion over Westeros, with only isolated pockets of resistance.Yeah, but the book didn't end there. The season probably will. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm expecting a scene with Asha in Episode 10, vowing to take her father's place and wreak havoc anywhere she can. Gotta keep up the level of threat somehow. Also, this is a good argument for introducing UnCat in the finale.
4433	victim	2013-05-01	I think Balon will die early next season (Episode 1 or 2) and Euron will be introduced almost immediately after the fact.
4434	'96Buck	2013-05-01	There is a problem if they have Balon die this season. We will be left with Lannisters owning everything. Starks are off the table. The Greyjoys are ... Who? (in the minds of the viewers) and Dany is miles away.I don't know where they will have Stannis story end this season - perhaps with a decisive decision to head to the Wall?After the shock of the RW there needs to be something in Ep10 for the suspense. Perhaps the news that the Iron Fleet has arrived and Asha reacts to that? If they do have the news that Balon is dead, it needs to be coupled with the potential menace the of the Iron Fleet.You may be on to something.  There will be more "room" to pickup some Kraken threads after the RW...can drop some Direwolf threads.
4435	Ramsay Gimp	2013-05-01	Honestly, Balon Greyjoy has got to be one of the top 5 dumbest characters in the books. Both his rebellions were just pathetic. He's rightfully ignored by almost everyone. The only thing of any import he did the whole time was taking Moat Cailin, and look how that turned out!The only people who ever took Balon seriously were Asha and Theon, and even the latter thought he was an ass. Imagine a ruler of an island stronghold who dies by falling off a bridge.Readers may not like Balon or agree with his choices, but there is no question that he had a huge impact on the War of Five Kings. His actions helped to doom the Stark cause, and led to the Ironborn resurgence we are seeing now in AFFC/ADWD. And Tywin, Tyrion and the Tyrells all take him seriously enough
4436	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	So what does everyone think? Is she a spy for Tywin?
I'm not convinced yet but how did Twyin know about The Karstarks so fast? Varys little birds?
Thinking back on it, Her trying to convince Robb not to kill Karstark kinda puts a dent in that theory i think but still I kinda hope she is in league with Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 29 April 2013 - 01:57 PM.
4437	~DarkHorse~	2013-04-29	I think that would make a great story line but I don't think the producers would want to piss off the book readers by changing Robb's storyline so much (they've already changed enough).  I mean just think about the uproar the whole sick Jon/Catelyn revelation got. Can you imagine peoples reactions to this?
Although, I'm hoping they kill Talisa off with the RW. She gets on my nerves and I (perhaps unfairly) blame her! It would also add to the devastation and emotional impact of the event if she dies too. 
You're not the first one I've heard saying this though....
4438	Greyjoy pook	2013-04-29	I think that would make a great story line but I don't think the producers would want to piss off the book readers by changing Robb's storyline so much (they've already changed enough).  I mean just think about the uproar the whole sick Jon/Catelyn revelation got. Can you imagine peoples reactions to this?Although, I'm hoping they kill Talisa off with the RW. She gets on my nerves and I (perhaps unfairly) blame her! It would also add to the devastation and emotional impact of the event if she dies too.You're not the first one I've heard saying this though....I'd approve of this change overall, given it's a surprise for book readers as well. I don't think there's that much love in the fanbase for Jeyne Westerling, and even if there was, they made a decision to change her character. I'd rather her be a spy for Tywin Lannister than some out of place modern social commentary on a noble marrying a commoner out of "true love".
4439	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-29	Actually having her a spy won't change the storyline that much - in the book, Jeyne's mother is on the plot, even if jeyne isn't, show has to condense characters.
4440	flinn	2013-04-29	So what does everyone think? Is she a spy for Tywin?I'm not convinced yet but how did Twyin know about The Karstarks so fast? Varys little birds?Thinking back on it, Her trying to convince Robb not to kill Karstark kinda puts a dent in that theory i think but still I kinda hope she is in league with Tywin. I personally think (in the show) she is/was a spy for Tywin.It was too much of a coincidence that right before that Tywin says in the meeting something about helping him make some mistakes and then boom here comes beautiful girl writing letters. Also her "ok I am a spy I was just writing 'the young wolf is on the move'". Really similar to the letter Arya was trying to get that said basically the same thing. I believe that she came because of Tywin but over the course of her interaction with Robb she has started having a change of heart. I suspect in the book that her family was aware of what was going on and Jenye was just the tool.
4441	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICE
FUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU
4442	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4443	Janicia	2013-04-29	So far, the show has offered no proof that Talisa is a spy - the information attributed to her could have come from a combination of Roose and people observing troop movements.  
I don't understand why people want her to be a spy.  Yes, it would be a plot twist and a surprise.  But is it anything besides a plot twist to you?
I don't want her to be a spy because I think Robbs story is already dark enough and sad enough.  It is one thing for Robb to marry for love and lose alliances and get himself beheaded by his bannermen.  But it is just entirely pathetic for Robb to fall for a honeypot and play into Tywin's manipulations for 2 seasons before Tywin decides to stop toying with him and launches RW.  The second scenario has echoes in Ramsay's treatment of Theon and Jon's treatment of Ygritte, but do we really need those echoes?  We have so much betrayal, so many lies, can't we also have genuine love?
I see Robb's storyline as being one of "good intentions aren't enough".  Spy Talisa pushes Robb's storyline into more of "good guys are chumps", which isn't as satisfying a storyline for me.
4444	Red Knight	2013-04-29	they ruined robb beyond repair so why bother people? let them kill him and be done with it
RW wont be nearly as shocking as for us book readers
4445	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-29	I think that would make a great story line but I don't think the producers would want to piss off the book readers by changing Robb's storyline so much (they've already changed enough).  I mean just think about the uproar the whole sick Jon/Catelyn revelation got. Can you imagine peoples reactions to this?Although, I'm hoping they kill Talisa off with the RW. She gets on my nerves and I (perhaps unfairly) blame her! It would also add to the devastation and emotional impact of the event if she dies too.You're not the first one I've heard saying this though.... /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> it would be much more dramatic for both of them to get killed -- and then if they made her a spy i wouldn't careFUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> finally someone who shares the same perspective on this character /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  , like hated jeyne in the books mainly because she made robb keep grey wind away from him all the time-- i really don't like her character but that's fine with me because whether or not she does die at the Red Wedding won't make a difference to me
4446	~DarkHorse~	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Her character is so dam smug and annoying. I hated that scene where she was on about Robb being a werewolf and the way she was riding that horse like queen bee in the first episode!
4447	~DarkHorse~	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU
					
					
							Edited by ~DarkHorse~, 30 April 2013 - 12:23 PM.
4448	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	Apparently she's also an excellent wartime advisor.  Puke
4449	shiola	2013-04-29	If she's a spy, that'd be so cliche and stupid.  Maybe from a strictly viewer standpoint it'd be a good twist, and maybe I just know too much and have too many feelings regarding the RW to see it otherwise right now.  I just think the betrayal of the Boltons is so huge and makes them so hated that it should only come down to them.  It cheapens it to have some sort of mystery spy lover.  And I'll puke if she's a spyer-falling-for-the-spyee.That said, she totally came across as a spy this episode.  "I don't even know where Winterfell is~!   All this time being in the SAME ROOM AS THIS FUCKING MAP, and all this time FOLLOWING AROUND NORTHERNERS, I never learned!"  What even, woman.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 29 April 2013 - 06:55 PM.
4450	Lady Arwen	2013-04-29	I think she's a spy. There was that suspicious letter she was writing last season...and that little off-color remark about being a Lannister spy just seems too juicy to not be true. I also am at a loss as to why they wouldn't just stick with Jeyne Westerling as Robb's love interest if they're not trying to spice up the storyline somehow, and having her be a spy would do it.
4451	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOUThis is funny.
4452	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	She is hot and that's about as far as her usefulness goes. No nude scenes yet wtf?
4453	shiola	2013-04-29	She is hot and that's about as far as her usefulness goes. No nude scenes yet wtf?Keep it classy with the sexual objectification of women. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  You're clearly watching the show for the right reasons..(Porn is free online, you know.)
4454	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	The whole North storyline is getting tired at this point. Bring on the RW and crazy zombie bitch Cat.
4455	Birdsong65	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOUWhat she said....Also, if Catelyn had loved Jon Snow, Charlie Chaplin wouldn't have impregnated one of his wives which eventually leads us to Oona.And, DON'T EVEN LOOK AT CATELYN, TALISA, YOU'RE THE COUSIN OLIVER OF GOT.  STFU, AND GO MEND SOME FLESH SOMEWHERE.  ASSHOLE.well, I feel better....
4456	Syrio Foral	2013-04-29	I love Talissa. D and D really improved Jeyne
4457	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	I love Talissa. D and D really improved JeyneNot exactly hard to do, like I've been saying, there are inanimate objects in the books that got more characterization than Jeyne Westerling.  Total blank slate.
4458	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	Keep it classy with the sexual objectification of women. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  You're clearly watching the show for the right reasons..(Porn is free online, you know.)
4459	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	I also thought it was cringeworthy that the Queen in the North didn't know where Winterfell was /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
4460	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	Keep it classy with the sexual objectification of women. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  You're clearly watching the show for the right reasons..(Porn is free online, you know.)But she is useless, all she is is Robb's walking mistake. Ygritte has a role, Brienne has a role, even Ros has a role. Talisa? Nope. Might as well see some tits. I'm not going to apologize for having a dick.
4461	Serial Killer Arya	2013-04-29	I hope they kill her slowly at the RW.   HATE HER ON TV. Despise her in the books
4462	shiola	2013-04-29	But she is useless, all she is is Robb's walking mistake. Ygritte has a role, Brienne has a role, even Ros has a role. Talisa? Nope. Might as well see some tits. I'm not going to apologize for having a dick.Being male and only thinking a woman is good for her body are not synonymous, and I pity you if that's your perception of  your own gender.
4463	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	Being male and only thinking a woman is good for her body are not synonymous, and I pity you if that's your perception of  your own gender.That isn't my perception of my own gender, that's my perception of Talisa being hot. When I see a hot woman I would also enjoy seeing her naked. Pretty simple. Back ontopic now.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 07:53 PM.
4464	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	I hope they kill her slowly at the RW.   HATE HER ON TV. Despise her in the booksI hope Roose gets to kill her also, Get his body count up.
4465	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	Being male and only thinking a woman is good for her body are not synonymous, and I pity you if that's your perception of  your own gender.I'm not really taking sides here but saying someone is useless but at least she's good looking is not the same as thinking all women are useless and only good to look at.
4466	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOUMy sentiments exactly.  And Fuck Whoever keeps writing her into every effing scene Robb is in.
4467	Dove	2013-04-29	That isn't my perception of my own gender, that's my perception of Talisa being hot.hahaha, this is the worst derail ever short of people getting creepy in the Theon threadsJust because Oona Chaplin is (quite) attractive and her character can be obnoxious at times doesn't mean she needs to be objectified, no woman should be. And this is coming from a fellow dick-haver.edit: but I'm coming into the tail-end of this convo so idk if you were doing that or just saying "yep she's hot" so w/e, rock on Talisa haters/lovers (all 3 of you)
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 07:56 PM.
4468	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	She is hot and that's about as far as her usefulness goes. No nude scenes yet wtf?She's really not that hot.  Her face is long, skinny and looks weirder the more I see it.
4469	shiola	2013-04-29	I've realized most people are so deluded and used to objectifying women because we're told it's right that anyone telling them otherwise comes off as abrasive feminism when it's just common fucking sense. Though I guess it shouldn't be called common if respect needs to be taught.Anyways, I really hope Talisa isn't a spy.  I want it to be Robb falling in love with her and making a mistake, and her being a semi-innocent victim at the RW.  We'll lose the punch of a lot of his bannermen dying, so him having to see Talisa die first will really fill that void (if D&D intend on making it as devastating as it was in the books)
4470	Darth Pipes	2013-04-29	I could buy Talisa being a spy but being sent to seduce Robb and wreck the Frey alliance is way too contrived and would have to rely on a miracle to succeed from start to finish.
If she is a spy, then I hope she's the one Catelyn kills.
4471	Er Rn	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOUMy sentiments exactly.  And Fuck Whoever keeps writing her into every effing scene Robb is in./cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4472	Caryn Stark	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> They just keep having her screw over scenes. I can barely stand to watch when she saunters in. I don't even care if she is a spy anymore or not. I just want her to go oh oh oh far away from the show oh oh.
4473	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	I'm not really taking sides here but saying someone is useless but at least she's good looking is not the same as thinking all women are useless and only good to look at.Thank you for understanding me correctly
4474	ServantOnIce	2013-04-29	Wow@Theandra Baratheon . . .  way over the top.  Her character is a spy for Lord Tywin, but it also seems Tywin has reached out to Lord Bolton and Lord Frey already.  Tywin has Robb cornered.  Walder Frey already mentioned in the first season that he was thinking about selling them out to Tywin Lannister . . .. he just went with his first mind.
Tywin also had spoken the Truth. Robb is lost, his aunt in the Vale won't help him and he has to go meet the Freys. He's done. Either go back up north and fight the Iron Born or walk into a TRAP!!
She's a spy I believe, if not I hope she dies with Robb and Catelyn at the RW.
4475	Frumpus	2013-04-29	I don't think she's a spy but I hope she is one. Would automatically eliminate the ridiculous fan created idea that Talisa will replace Jeyne Poole.
4476	shiola	2013-04-29	I'm not really taking sides here but saying someone is useless but at least she's good looking is not the same as thinking all women are useless and only good to look at.You're right, and that's not what I was saying.  I was referring mostly to the whole "I have a dick, so obviously I want to see her naked.  That's all she's good for."  Thing.  There's a clear divide between saying someone is useless, yet good looking, and saying something as blatantly sexist as that.  It's a pretty clear division...
4477	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	I hope Roose gets to kill her also, Get his body count up.Thus, earning him the right to be Overlord of the North. Is it me or is there and anti-Talisa Fan Club around? xDIn any case, she is cannon fodder, her usefulness in the show as well as in the books ends with Robb's fate at the RW unless she grows a belly with a little wolfie. Outside of that she is as dead as Ned Stark has been.
4478	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	I don't think she's a spy but I hope she is one. Would automatically eliminate the ridiculous fan created idea that Talisa will replace Jeyne Poole.Now that would a good outcome to see... she being captured and kept alive in order to marry her to Ramsay...
4479	Dove	2013-04-29	That wouldn't be good at all, because that situation is horrifying enough without people feeling smug and happy about the way the Jeyne Poole-equivilant is treated because they dislike her character. Ugh ugh ugh, talk about skeevy.
4480	shiola	2013-04-29	That wouldn't be good at all, because that situation is horrifying enough without people feeling smug and happy about the way the Jeyne Poole-equivilant is treated because they dislike her character. Ugh ugh ugh, talk about skeevy.I like your sentiments, sir.I have a love-hate thing with Talisa.  She has her moments, imo, but if she turns out to be a spy all of those moments are rendered useless for me and then I'm left with what I think is a kind of lame plot point.
4481	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	So far, the show has offered no proof that Talisa is a spy - the information attributed to her could have come from a combination of Roose and people observing troop movements.  I don't understand why people want her to be a spy.  Yes, it would be a plot twist and a surprise.  But is it anything besides a plot twist to you?I don't want her to be a spy because I think Robbs story is already dark enough and sad enough.  It is one thing for Robb to marry for love and lose alliances and get himself beheaded by his bannermen.  But it is just entirely pathetic for Robb to fall for a honeypot and play into Tywin's manipulations for 2 seasons before Tywin decides to stop toying with him and launches RW.  The second scenario has echoes in Ramsay's treatment of Theon and Jon's treatment of Ygritte, but do we really need those echoes?  We have so much betrayal, so many lies, can't we also have genuine love?I see Robb's storyline as being one of "good intentions aren't enough".  Spy Talisa pushes Robb's storyline into more of "good guys are chumps", which isn't as satisfying a storyline for me. thank you. I am surprised more posters don't share this view.  Being a chump is half of it, "bad guys have all their plans work out perfectly" is the other.IMHO, Robb Stark marrying a random girl in the middle of the campaign is barely to be believed. Having that same girl in fact being a spy crosses the boundary into farce.
4482	shiola	2013-04-29	There's some convincing evidence for her being a spy, but some is also reaching.
Her lack of an accent is sketchy to me, as well as her initially saying she doesn't understand Westerosi customs but then going on to openly participate in them is another.  And how does a girl wind up in Robb's camp, of all camps?  I just want to know why Robb's camp specifically, and then I'll be fine.
4483	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	And how does a girl wind up in Robb's camp, of all camps?  I just want to know why Robb's camp specifically, and then I'll be fine.Because she heard he was the Lord's chosen one? Or she probably knew that Lannister and Stark soldiers alike would need a cute nurse for when Robb passed by and secure them a Life insurance to captives and keep them from being flayed. In any case, we can't forget she is a good writer and knows the westerosi procedures to deliver messages and stuff.
4484	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	There's some convincing evidence for her being a spy, but some is also reaching.Her lack of an accent is sketchy to me, as well as her initially saying she doesn't understand Westerosi customs but then going on to openly participate in them is another.  And how does a girl wind up in Robb's camp, of all camps?  I just want to know why Robb's camp specifically, and then I'll be fine.How does a woman travel from Volantis to end up as a nurse in the middle of Westeros with no friends. family, nor belonging to any service society (Such as the Silent Sisters), and from what logic would dictate, no money? The tale is sketchy and full of plotholes.
4485	shiola	2013-04-29	How does a woman travel from Volantis to end up as a nurse in the middle of Westeros with no friends. family, nor belonging to any service society (Such as the Silent Sisters), and from what logic would dictate, no money? The tale is sketchy and full of plotholes.Gahh.  At this point, I'm not sure if I'd prefer the gaping plotholes and false leads and having her just be some random woman, or for her to be a spy and not a very good one at that...
4486	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOUhttp://media.tumblr....04G21qjoecd.gifhttp://cdn.bleacherr....gif?1363040789http://stream1.gifso.../applause-o.gif
4487	zaphodbrx	2013-04-29	For me this episode added a lot a lot of credence to the spy theory.
First of all, she doesn't know where winterfell is. Whut?
Second, you need to rewatch the scene with the map. There is one moment where she gives a very intriguing look, and guides Robb's hand towards Casterly rock.
4488	Imp Riker	2013-04-29	I view Talisa with complete indifference. The only thing that would change that would be a horrific death at the RW, maybe something similar to Dacey Mormont's death. If she turns out to be a Lannister spy or she manages to somehow escape back to Riverrun and make further appearances later in the show, then I will continue to be completely indifferent towards her.
4489	jarl the climber	2013-04-29	I hope Roose gets to kill her also, Get his body count up."The Board of Westeros sends its regards."
4490	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	"The Board of Westeros sends its regards." /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4491	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	I view Talisa with complete indifference. The only thing that would change that would be a horrific death at the RW, maybe something similar to Dacey Mormont's death. If she turns out to be a Lannister spy or she manages to somehow escape back to Riverrun and make further appearances later in the show, then I will continue to be completely indifferent towards her.Mmmm your thought is not that bad.... I forgot Dacey Mormont was meant to die at the RW and if I am not mistake she had a crush on Robb.... She was the equivalent of Brienne of Tarth as one of Robb Starks closest advisors if my memory doesn't fail me that is.
4492	D_Richard	2013-04-29	This is an angry little thread, innit.
4493	oakenhelm	2013-04-29	Right before Roose Bolton twists the knife he asks Robb, "You didn't know she was working with the Lannisters the whole time?" Robb replies, "I am good, therefore I am dumb. Haven't you seen Spaceballs?"
4494	shiola	2013-04-29	"The Board of Westeros sends its regards."HAH.  A+
4495	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-29	I like how she is a very special nurse. And an expert war strategist too! 
She is a shiny ray of sunshine!!!!
4496	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	If Talisa was a spy, why would she actively try to prevent Robb from shooting himself in the foot by killing Karstark?
4497	shiola	2013-04-29	If Talisa was a spy, why would she actively try to prevent Robb from shooting himself in the foot by killing Karstark?If Talisa was a spy, why would her backstory suck so much?If Talisa weren't a spy, why would her backstory suck so much?Talisa poses many hypotheticals.
4498	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	If Talisa was a spy, why would she actively try to prevent Robb from shooting himself in the foot by killing Karstark?Eh, I guess a good spy isn't completely obvious in their methods and will by necessity give you advice that seems in your favor. That's a bit of a weak explanation but there is no sense to either side of the story really.
4499	Warhawk137	2013-04-29	Eh, I guess a good spy isn't completely obvious in their methods and will by necessity give you advice that seems in your favor. That's a bit of a weak explanation but there is no sense to either side of the story really.Very weak explanation - as Robb points out, she had interacted with the boys, giving her every moral reason to support Karstark's execution.  Also, it at least looked like Robb had already decided, at least preliminarily, to execute Karstark.  Nobody else persuaded him to, and Cat and Edmure were trying to stop him from doing so.  OK, if she were a spy, maybe she wouldn't want to be too enthusiastic about the whole killing Karstark angle, but why do the complete opposite and risk the chance that Robb comes to his senses?I certainly think my arguments here at least are somewhat more convincing than some of the arguments that she is a spy floating around - namely, "I don't like her and she seems kinda shifty."
4500	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	There's a YouTube video with both weak and strong evidence. The other major factor is that Jeyne Westerling is essentially a spy of sorts so naturally people will gravitate to the possibility that Talisa is also a spy of a different flavor.
4501	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	If she's a spy, that'd be so cliche and stupid.I agree. But the Talisa character is a stupid mess no matter who she turns out to be. If she is a spy than that would be cliche and plain stupid, if she is just the sassy nurse who Robb fell in love with she would still be a stupid cliche character. Personally I hope she gets killed at the RW, so that she is gone for good. I'm disappointed that HBO fucked up Robb storyline, I like Richard Madden and I wish they would have stuck with Book Robb's story. I think this whole Talisa stuff is the biggest mistake in the adaption so far.
4502	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-30	'Nuff SaidWhoever made this puts it together for you all pretty well /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4503	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	there certainly is something a bit fishy, and i dont mean the Tullys XD
4504	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	I agree. But the Talisa character is a stupid mess no matter who she turns out to be. If she is a spy than that would be cliche and plain stupid, if she is just the sassy nurse who Robb fell in love with she would still be a stupid cliche character. Personally I hope she gets killed at the RW, so that she is gone for good. I'm disappointed that HBO fucked up Robb storyline, I like Richard Madden and I wish they would have stuck with Book Robb's story. I think this whole Talisa stuff is the biggest mistake in the adaption so far.yeah its rather stupid, changing a character a little bit is expected (the Shaes heritage change was ok.. noone really cares where she is from) but when ur changes effect the storyline, ur just drowning ur self in hotter water with every step. (shaes relationship with Tyrion is staring to get a little too much, with the whole scene where she is talking to tyrion about her fears  for sansa... /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> poop) and thats what they are doing with not-Jeyne.. grr why would they really need to change it so much, i kinda dont get it, there was nothing wrong with the story before the adaption, i understand budget and time is a huge part but there is no need to change a whole person and just plop some random new one in their place
4505	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	Talisa is fine. Better character than Jeyne ever was.
4506	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Talisa is just a huge meh for me. I basically just tolerate her presence on screen, but I certainly don't actively wish for her demise. It's a shame, because I'm convinced that Jeyne Westerling needed replacing (that whole thing just came of as cheesy and cliched to me, as well as hard to believe), but they didn't replace her with a good character. I think if Talisa's backstory was handled better than maybe it would be fine, maybe a few companions who were guarding her. In season 3, I think she fits in much better than in Season 2, largely because she seems to have less screen time, and is actually moving the plot forward somewhat.
4507	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-30	Talisa is fine. Better character than Jeyne ever was.AMEN.
4508	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-30	Talisa is not a spy because there's no way that Tywin would go through 16 hoops to have a spy that is able to get that close to Robb and not have the spy just kill him.
It makes no freaking sense. Tywin shoots the stupid sword twirling idiot, he doesn't pull out a whip to do some elaborate whip/sword fight.
If Talisa is a spy then there is not going to be a RW, the moment that Tyrion weds Sansa Stark, Tywin would order Talisa to poison Robb. The North has no leader that is opposing Tywin except Robb at this point. If he dies the North surrenders at this point do they not?
People hate Talisa so much that they had to invent a crazy idea in their own mind that justifies their hate.
4509	Gendels Children	2013-04-30	Talisa is not a spy because there's no way that Tywin would go through 16 hoops to have a spy that is able to get that close to Robb and not have the spy just kill him.It makes no freaking sense. Tywin shoots the stupid sword twirling idiot, he doesn't pull out a whip to do some elaborate whip/sword fight.If Talisa is a spy then there is not going to be a RW, the moment that Tyrion weds Sansa Stark, Tywin would order Talisa to poison Robb. The North has no leader that is opposing Tywin except Robb at this point. If he dies the North surrenders at this point do they not?People hate Talisa so much that they had to invent a crazy idea in their own mind that justifies their hate.some interesting points
4510	SoooTrypticon	2013-04-30	I too think she may be a spy. Some posts above ask the question, "If she's a spy, then why doesn't she just kill Robb?" I think the answer is that Tywin has bigger plans.
If she kills Robb, then the North has a new death to unite around. However, if she can lead to the Stark AND Tully leadership, to be in one room, alone, save for their most trusted bannermen, then that would be something. A chance to get them all in one careful attack.
I think her job may be to get them all back to the Frey's, so Tywin, in his mind, can end the war in one fell swoop, decimating several family's that have risen up against him.
Another side to this, is the Robb POV being underwritten. Well, maybe the writers are actually treating him as a side character, in the longer story that will be Catelyn's. It's her POV afterall during the wedding, and she is one of the few survivors, technically.
Whoever came up with the idea that Catelyn murders the treacherous Talisa, instead of Jinglebell, is a genius. If this doesn't come to pass, I may actually be a bit dissapointed. I'd like Catelyn to be a bit more of a fighter during the show version of the RW.
4511	Conchobar	2013-04-30	they ruined robb beyond repair so why bother people? let them kill him and be done with itRW wont be nearly as shocking as for us book readersThey haven't really ruined him, just shown him as a POV charater, unlike the books. I still don't like Talisa. She is like the Yoko Ono of the Starks.
4512	Warhawk137	2013-04-30	I too think she may be a spy. Some posts above ask the question, "If she's a spy, then why doesn't she just kill Robb?" I think the answer is that Tywin has bigger plans.If she kills Robb, then the North has a new death to unite around. However, if she can lead to the Stark AND Tully leadership, to be in one room, alone, save for their most trusted bannermen, then that would be something. A chance to get them all in one careful attack.I think her job may be to get them all back to the Frey's, so Tywin, in his mind, can end the war in one fell swoop, decimating several family's that have risen up against him.Except, doesn't that mean that the RW was planned back when Robb first invaded the south?  Which would require Tywin to be about 8 steps further ahead in this game of chess than any mortal has any right to be.
4513	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-30	Woah, this Talisa hate is pretty damn sad... She seems like an intelligent young woman and yet some are calling her smug? Hmm.....
4514	Talbot	2013-04-30	She also has a really nice butt.
4515	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	pretty sure all Talisa is is Jeyne but without her family.
4516	SerMixalot	2013-04-30	her dying at the RW will reveal GRRM's book storyline for Jeyne Westerling
4517	Darryk	2013-04-30	i admit I am really starting to wonder where they're going with this character.
4518	YTDN	2013-04-30	I think people need to stop thinking that D&D are 'going somewhere' with Talisa. Jeyne didn't go anywhere in the books- she married Robb, had a couple of conversations with Cat, and (assuming the swap theory is false, which I think it is) ended up exiting the plot rather cleanly. I'm absolutely certain that Talisa will do the same- she simply has more fluff added to make her more of a character and give her relationship with Robb more depth. She doesn't have any clever plot going- she's Robb's love interest, Robb marrying her is the mistake that loses him the war and she'll get slaughtered alongside her husband at the RW, handily cleaning up all loose ends.
All these overcomplicated spy theories are simply looking for evidence that's not there- even in the books Sybell Westerling's only role was making sure Jeyne did not get pregnant. Talisa (and Jeyne, in fact) isn't going to be a lesson about how clever Tywin is (the Red Wedding itself is that), it's a lesson that Robb 'won on the battlefield but lost in bed'.
4519	Lord Varys	2013-04-30	There are way too many hints now that Talisa is actually working for Tywin/a distant Lannister cousin herself to ignore it. The really interesting thing is, for example, why did no one in King's Landing ever comment on/discuss Robb's stupid decision to marry a foreigner?
She did care a lot about those Lannister boys, who were removed from being the twin sons of Ser Kevan Lannister to being more remote cousins (the offspring of the brother of Lord Tywin's great-grandfather, if I remember correctly). This way they may actually be unaware that 'Talisa Maegyr' is related to them. The guy from the youtube video above assumed Talisa's father may be this Ser Reginald Lannister from the show who only exists there. This could make sense.
Talisa's mission may have started as her being a spy, but it may turn into a great tragedy. She may have fallen genuinely in love with Robb, and her suggestion to return North could be seen as a sign that she may try to save his life and put an end to the war. When Robb decides to attack Casterly Rock instead she seems to be afraid/terrified. And she really does know way too much about the Lannister men to assume that she has no connections whatsoever to anyone in the West.
It could also highlight Tywin's ruthlessness if he is not going to tell Walder Frey that Talisa Maegyr Stark is related to him (it would be problematic to do so, anyway, since Talisa is the very reason why Walder Frey is going to betray Robb) and if he is going to keep the Red Wedding from Talisa as well. In the books the Westerlings also had no clue. Tywin may give the Freys instructions to take Talisa alive (just as Catelyn was supposed to be taken alive) but if she knows nothing of the things to come, and if she is really in love with Robb by now, she may very well die trying to protect/save Robb's life. Just as Catelyn is going to die.
4520	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	but if she knows nothing of the things to come, and if she is really in love with Robb by now, she may very well die trying to protect/save Robb's life. Just as Catelyn is going to die.If this happens I will be disappointed. The RW was heartbreaking for me because it was told from Catelyn's point of view. I would really hate it if Talisa takes the spotlight with some tragic death scene in which dies protecting Robb. And with the whole Lady Stoneheart thing forthcoming, I feel that they need to focus on Catelyn.
					
					
							Edited by MarieAntoinette, 30 April 2013 - 06:56 AM.
4521	Lord Varys	2013-04-30	I don't imagine for Talisa to steal Catelyn's spotlight. Something like Talisa jumping in front of Robb to catch some of the original quarrels aimed at him or something like that.
If I'm not mistaken episode 9 is going to focus almost exclusively on the Twins. At least, that's what I'd do. Another episode like Blackwater, with cuts to Sandor and Arya. That way, all the characters involved would get enough screen time. And it will be interesting how Talisa's role as a spy is going to be revealed if it turns out that she is one.
4522	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	If I'm not mistaken episode 9 is going to focus almost exclusively on the Twins. At least, that's what I'd do. Another episode like Blackwater, with cuts to Sandor and Arya. That way, all the characters involved would get enough screen time. And it will be interesting how Talisa's role as a spy is going to be revealed if it turns out that she is one.Is there really an episode's worth of content for the RW?
4523	YTDN	2013-04-30	^^^She cared about the Lannister boys because they were innocent boys, and she's established to be an empathic person who cares about innocents. There really, really isn't that much evidence for her being a spy. This whole theory is people coming up with the idea that she's a spy and then fishing for 'evidence'.
4524	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-30	Is there really an episode's worth of content for the RW?If Talisa is really a spy and they have to wrap that up, then, yeah I guess there is enough content.
4525	WinterWarrior	2013-04-30	I cannot stand this character and could not stand the Jeyne Westerling character in the books. But Talisa really gets on my nerves - what is she about? Maybe she is a spy, I don't know. I hope she dies at the RW. If she goes to the Twins with Robb then we know that she will either die or be revealed as a spy. The RW is so gut wrenching that if she is revealed as a spy I hope Lady Stoneheart gets her later on.
I really think Oona Chaplin would have made an excellent Sand Snake or even Arianne. I am not sure why they felt they needed to work her into the show as Talisa.
I also think the Stark boys were far too isolated at Winterfell. They all seem to have fallen for the first girl they met who was not related to them. Jon for Ygritte, Robb for Jeyne and even little Bran has feelings for Meera (which I hope end up developing into something....). They did not seem to have much interaction with girls before they all left Winterfell which in at least Robb's case ended up having bad consequences.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 30 April 2013 - 07:39 AM.
4526	Malgarroth	2013-04-30	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />On topic: I do hope she's a spy for Tywin. It would be nice if there was a point to this character.
4527	Kaitscralt	2013-04-30	Lol @ haters calling her a war strategist as an insult.
Did you not watch the episode 5 scene or something? She was trying to be helpful and then confessed she was actually useless.
4528	dreamcatcher	2013-04-30	I could've sworn I read in one of the first interviews with Oona Chaplin that what the writers did with Talisa is really clever and has a kind of twist. If anyone can find it it'd be nice. This thread blew my mind /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4529	Lord Varys	2013-04-30	I don't meant about the Red Wedding per se, but the whole stuff surrounding it. Roose Bolton meeting with Robb again, perhaps even the revelation about Theon and some Greyjoy skin as ugly present. Then there are Arya and Sandor out there, and it would be not too bad to give us some insight into Cat and Edmure's relationship before everything goes to hell. Then there are the Freys, especially Lord Walder. It would be too bad if they did not give us as much original GRRM dialogue as possible when Robb tries to apologize.
And to focus the story on Catelyn we could also get more into her head, hear her tell us stuff about young Lysa/Edure/Petyr or her father, perhaps even some hints to the tansy thing.
And then there is the proper wedding, the introduction of Roslin Frey, the feast, the bedding, and its aftermath. Even the slaughter is a rather complex and long sequence of events. There is the attack on the guests in the two towers, leading to the deaths of Robb and Catelyn, but there is also Edmure and Roslin (who can be shown consummating the marriage in the show while Robb and Cat are killed), Arya and Sandor, and the butchering of the Stark loyalists at the campfires and tents. On individual level they have to reveal not only the betrayal of Lord Walder but the betrayal of Roose Bolton as well. This has to be done properly as well. Roose is the one who kills Robb Stark, after all.
Jumping around all that much in this very episode would greatly diminish the impact the events could have if we stay close to the characters involved. It could make sense to jump to Tyrion and Sansa once during the episode, and perhaps also to give us Bran having a nightmare about his uncle's wedding. They could also give us Lord Tywin at the very end, but it should work better if we get the Lannister reaction to all this only in episode 10, along with all the other characters. They should really close the episode with Catelyn's death.
The Red Wedding is the major event of the whole show up to this point. Neither Ned's execution nor the Battle on the Blackwater had this devastating impact on a whole political faction. House Stark as a major political power does no longer exist after the Red Wedding. In the public eye its last living survivor will be Sansa Stark Lannister.
4530	Sneaky-Tyrell	2013-04-30	If she where a spy and got outed at the RW I think it would be great if Cat killed her in place of the minor Frey she killed in the books.  Im not sure what will happen when they arrive at the twins,  whether she goes with Rob to the wedding or stays behind like in the book?
4531	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I don't meant about the Red Wedding per se, but the whole stuff surrounding it. Roose Bolton meeting with Robb again, perhaps even the revelation about Theon and some Greyjoy skin as ugly present. Then there are Arya and Sandor out there, and it would be not too bad to give us some insight into Cat and Edmure's relationship before everything goes to hell. Then there are the Freys, especially Lord Walder. It would be too bad if they did not give us as much original GRRM dialogue as possible when Robb tries to apologize.And to focus the story on Catelyn we could also get more into her head, hear her tell us stuff about young Lysa/Edure/Petyr or her father, perhaps even some hints to the tansy thing.And then there is the proper wedding, the introduction of Roslin Frey, the feast, the bedding, and its aftermath. Even the slaughter is a rather complex and long sequence of events. There is the attack on the guests in the two towers, leading to the deaths of Robb and Catelyn, but there is also Edmure and Roslin (who can be shown consummating the marriage in the show while Robb and Cat are killed), Arya and Sandor, and the butchering of the Stark loyalists at the campfires and tents. On individual level they have to reveal not only the betrayal of Lord Walder but the betrayal of Roose Bolton as well. This has to be done properly as well. Roose is the one who kills Robb Stark, after all.Jumping around all that much in this very episode would greatly diminish the impact the events could have if we stay close to the characters involved. It could make sense to jump to Tyrion and Sansa once during the episode, and perhaps also to give us Bran having a nightmare about his uncle's wedding. They could also give us Lord Tywin at the very end, but it should work better if we get the Lannister reaction to all this only in episode 10, along with all the other characters. They should really close the episode with Catelyn's death.The Red Wedding is the major event of the whole show up to this point. Neither Ned's execution nor the Battle on the Blackwater had this devastating impact on a whole political faction. House Stark as a major political power does no longer exist after the Red Wedding. In the public eye its last living survivor will be Sansa Stark Lannister.Nice.I like the switching to Bran idea. I'd love it if they switched to him with Summer howling. That could be the opening for ep. 10, possibly.There is a lot of justice to be done in this episode, you're right. Hopefully Talisa has absolutely no impact and just dies along with everyone else. If they actually involve her in the entire thing...fuck.
4532	Rapsie	2013-04-30	I could've sworn I read in one of the first interviews with Oona Chaplin that what the writers did with Talisa is really clever and has a kind of twist. If anyone can find it it'd be nice. This thread blew my mind /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Sigh. That reminds me, was there not rumours during filming last year that Oona Chaplin was learning how to use a bow? What if she ends up being a spy and shooting Robb or Cat?Of course as D&D are directing it, she will no doubt be naked with a group of naked Frey women in the background.
4533	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> it would be much more dramatic for both of them to get killed -- and then if they made her a spy i wouldn't care /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> finally someone who shares the same perspective on this character /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  , like hated jeyne in the books mainly because she made robb keep grey wind away from him all the time-- i really don't like her character but that's fine with me because whether or not she does die at the Red Wedding won't make a difference to me /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Her character is so dam smug and annoying. I hated that scene where she was on about Robb being a werewolf and the way she was riding that horse like queen bee in the first episode!This is funny.[/color]What she said....Also, if Catelyn had loved Jon Snow, Charlie Chaplin wouldn't have impregnated one of his wives which eventually leads us to Oona.And, DON'T EVEN LOOK AT CATELYN, TALISA, YOU'RE THE COUSIN OLIVER OF GOT.  STFU, AND GO MEND SOME FLESH SOMEWHERE.  ASSHOLE.well, I feel better.... My sentiments exactly.  And Fuck Whoever keeps writing her into every effing scene Robb is in. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> They just keep having her screw over scenes. I can barely stand to watch when she saunters in. I don't even care if she is a spy anymore or not. I just want her to go oh oh oh far away from the show oh oh. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />http://media.tumblr....04G21qjoecd.gifhttp://cdn.bleacherr....gif?1363040789http://stream1.gifso.../applause-o.gif /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />You guys are my soul mates. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Now that I got my hatred over and done with I'll explain exactly why I don't like this character. It has been repeated time and time again by many posters:Initially, she is a woman of seemingly no important, travelling alone an working alone on a battlefield in an area rife with mass murder and rape and yet she hasn't been attacked or harmed or raped or anything. She then presumes to TELL OFF THE KING and continues to visit him, interrupting his meetings with High Lords such as Roose Bolton (anyone else notice the way Roosey baby looks at Talisa? it's so funny) anyway. This is a POORLY WRITTEN CHARACTER. I hate her as a character because she's such a horrible cliche of a naughty, spunky nurse of no importance or status telling off Kings on the battlefield and then they fall in love? This shit belongs in a terrible 50s pulp fantasy comic. It's just bloody awful. Not only this but she takes up quite a bit of screen time that could be used for MUCH better purposes, she's made Robb seem like a complete idiot, interrupts Catelyn, is a total perfff mary sue type character. And her stupid boohoo backstory. Just awful.
4534	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Sigh. That reminds me, was there not rumours during filming last year that Oona Chaplin was learning how to use a bow? What if she ends up being a spy and shooting Robb or Cat?Of course as D&D are directing it, she will no doubt be naked with a group of naked Frey women in the background.WHAT THE FUCK??? IS THIS 4 REAL?
4535	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	WHAT THE FUCK??? IS THIS 4 REAL?No. They will not ruin the integrity of the RW by involving Talisa. They won't. Please, god no. 
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 30 April 2013 - 08:32 AM.
4536	Rapsie	2013-04-30	WHAT THE FUCK??? IS THIS 4 REAL?Hopefully it's me putting two and two together and getting six. But here is the thread from last year.http://asoiaf.wester...-bow-and-arrow/As we haven't seen the Shame fire a bow yet, it seems likely it will be at the RW. Who knows, it maybe in defense of Robb though.
4537	Conchobar	2013-04-30	I dunno how I feel about Talisa, I am still a bit pissed off that they changed Jeyne. It just doesn't feel right when she is on screen, and i rarely complain about things on the show. I don't how how I would feel about her dying at the RW either, I just want everything to go the way it did in the book, especially that scene.
4538	Cladinshadow	2013-04-30	Talisa is not a spy because there's no way that Tywin would go through 16 hoops to have a spy that is able to get that close to Robb and not have the spy just kill him.It makes no freaking sense. Tywin shoots the stupid sword twirling idiot, he doesn't pull out a whip to do some elaborate whip/sword fight.If Talisa is a spy then there is not going to be a RW, the moment that Tyrion weds Sansa Stark, Tywin would order Talisa to poison Robb. The North has no leader that is opposing Tywin except Robb at this point. If he dies the North surrenders at this point do they not?People hate Talisa so much that they had to invent a crazy idea in their own mind that justifies their hate.Finally someone with sense. If you can plant a spy to marry a king, you can plant a spy to just freaking kill him. And let's say she is a spy, why wouldn't she defect and try and ruin Tywin's plans? Being Queen in the North might be a whole lot better than anything Tywin has to offer.To be fair, I think that she is a spy and consider this to be the dumbest plot anyone could have conceived. The show creators did a terrible, terrible job.
4539	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	Hopefully it's me putting two and two together and getting six.But here is the thread from last year.http://asoiaf.wester...-bow-and-arrow/As we haven't seen the Shame fire a bow yet, it seems likely it will be at the RW. Who knows, it maybe in defense of Robb though.I think this will be put to rest in the enxt episode. If Jaime asks Roose to give Robb his regards during the dinner next episode, this is very unlikely to happen. Otherwise...
4540	Birdsong65	2013-04-30	No. They will not ruin the integrity of the RW by involving Talisa. They won't.I know, in my heart, you did not mean this ^^ to be funny, but.....I'm not sure I understand, they won't ruin it by having her involved as a Lannister ally, or by having her present?  Because it appears that she will be road tripping w/Robb to The Twins.  If she is a replacement for Jayne, or Dacey, or whomever, I simply cannot find a fuck to give, and in whatever incarnation she is, or yet to be revealed as, it is my hope that Talisa dies along with everything else that dies during the RW.Regardless, more than any other "new/D&D"character, my personal feeling is one of being force fed Talisa due in large part to the overall "fly by the seat of your pants" writing that characterizes her, and D&D's not so subtle insistence that the viewers don't understand the bigger picture.  I understand the big picture--it comes across as quite ham-fisted, lacking in depth, authenticity, and, curiously, integrity.  TPTB want us to like her, but her circumstances are so obviously at odds with the thematic feel of the novels, and to a point, the adaptation, it becomes more unreconcilable with each passing episode.  As others have posted, there is nothing specifically wrong with this character but for the fact that the "type" simply does not belong in anything associated with GRRM.  Its the simple subtleties that are missing, which is the case for a number of characters, which fall victim to adaptations.  That's cool, I get it.  But, with the RW nearing, would it not be advisable to focus presently on the things that irrevocably change soon enough?  How hard would it be to focus on Catelyn's face, hair & eyes?  These are the three physical manifestations which identify her pre/post RW.  Lush auburn/Brittle white, Face that Ned loved/Shredded, Tully Blue/Red, burning w/hatred.  Not a single scene to this point would have to have been added, simply a close up when the character has a line or two?  As Elio (?) suggested, the attention to wardrobe detail is intense if only to provide fodder for a second's screen time (Sansa's two second corset), but subtle camera shots of Catelyn slowly coming apart, holding herself together by the barest threads?I guess what I'm saying is isn't there enough time postRW to show the simmering anger and rage as that is the fundamental core of LS?  Must we foreshadow it now at the expense of highlighting what a truly beautiful woman Catelyn is in her loyalty, her honor, her losses, her strength, her physical appearance, her faults, and in all the characteristics that made Ned love her?  Wouldn't that be a better gut punch for the RW?  God, but they have seriously misappropriated this POV character, IMO.So, that veered off topic....
4541	-Ghost-	2013-04-30	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOUHigh five for this. I agree
4542	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-30	I know, in my heart, you did not mean this ^^ to be funny, but.....I'm not sure I understand, they won't ruin it by having her involved as a Lannister ally, or by having her present?  Because it appears that she will be road tripping w/Robb to The Twins.  If she is a replacement for Jayne, or Dacey, or whomever, I simply cannot find a fuck to give, and in whatever incarnation she is, or yet to be revealed as, it is my hope that Talisa dies along with everything else that dies during the RW.Yes, involving her as a betrayer and or Lannister ally would just...I can't even describe how awful that would be. I think D&D are pretty fucking good writers and have done a generally great job so far so I doubt they will utterly, utterly fucking destroy the entire thing. So, yes, hopefully Talisa is just Talisa and that'll be the end of it.And I agree with the rest of your post! Very nicely put. Hopefully they will give Cat some good scenes in the next few episodes.
4543	-Ghost-	2013-04-30	I know, in my heart, you did not mean this ^^ to be funny, but.....I'm not sure I understand, they won't ruin it by having her involved as a Lannister ally, or by having her present?  Because it appears that she will be road tripping w/Robb to The Twins.  If she is a replacement for Jayne, or Dacey, or whomever, I simply cannot find a fuck to give, and in whatever incarnation she is, or yet to be revealed as, it is my hope that Talisa dies along with everything else that dies during the RW.I believe they mean as a Lannister ally. That was in response to someone talking about how she posted on twitter last year that she was learning to use a bow.If Telisa ends up shooting Robb im going to be fucking furious. I hope Grey Wind eats her.
4544	jarl the climber	2013-04-30	I dunno how I feel about Talisa, I am still a bit pissed off that they changed Jeyne. It just doesn't feel right when she is on screen, and i rarely complain about things on the show. I don't how how I would feel about her dying at the RW either, I just want everything to go the way it did in the book, especially that scene.Its where I am at. They have had a year and a half to get her fleshed out as a character and people are still scratching their heads over her. I thought Jeyne was a bit of a non entity in the books but I was looking forward to getting a little window into Jeynes and Robbs romance and marriage. Instead they figured she was such a non entity that they replaced her with another character all together. I've tried to be pateint but I'm still a little confused by this change. I guess she could get captured and be forced to marry Roose or Ramsey like some have speculated but the fake Arya thing makes more sense. We have not heard about her trying to get pregnant or Robbs will yet so I guess a little more patience is in order and hope we have a better idea after 5 more episodes
4545	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	There is a whole Talisa thread for this episode? HOW THE HELL DID I MISS THIS????FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOU /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  Agree!!!! Add me to your club of fans!!!But I'd like to add my own thoughts:FUCK YOU FUCKING ANNOYING TALISA, YOU RUIN EVERY FUCKING SINGLE SCENE WHERE YOU FUCKING APPEAR! STOP FUCKING STEALING CAT'S PLACE AND LINES! GET YOUR OWN FUCKING LINES!!! AT THIS POINT I JUST DON'T GIVE A FUCKING FUCK ABOUT IF YOU ARE A FUCKING SPY OR NOT!!  I JUST WANT YOU FUCKING GONE!!!!  IF YOU'RE NOT A FUCKING SPY I HOPE YOU DIE WITH EVERYBODY ELSE IN THE RW. BUT IF YOU'RE A SPY, AND FUCKING SHOOT ROBB WITH A FUCKING BOW, (like some people say), THEN I FUCKING HOPE FUCKING AWESOME WYMAN MANDERLY BAKES A FUCKING PIE WITH YOU!!!!!!!! FUCK YOU TALISA!!!!!!!!!!!!!I feel better now"The Board of Westeros sends its regards." /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
4546	YTDN	2013-04-30	^^ Oona could have just been learning to use a bow for fun.
I really don't think they're going to dramatically change the RW. D&D have made lots of changes, but they've generally nailed the big 'events' (Ned's death, Blackwater, Dracarys), and they've repeatedly stated that the RW is THE scene they  wanted to make the show for, so I'm confident it will be excellent, Talisa or not.
4547	Zorpack	2013-04-30	Keep it classy with the sexual objectification of women. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  You're clearly watching the show for the right reasons..(Porn is free online, you know.) /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4548	Lady Phedre	2013-04-30	I agree. But the Talisa character is a stupid mess no matter who she turns out to be. If she is a spy than that would be cliche and plain stupid, if she is just the sassy nurse who Robb fell in love with she would still be a stupid cliche character. Personally I hope she gets killed at the RW, so that she is gone for good. I'm disappointed that HBO fucked up Robb storyline, I like Richard Madden and I wish they would have stuck with Book Robb's story. I think this whole Talisa stuff is the biggest mistake in the adaption so far.I so agree with this. Book Robb's choices illustrate his character so much more than HBO Robb. The importance of his promise to marry a Frey and the sense of honor he inherited from his father that he felt justified him breaking that promise? much more interesting than him just falling in love with a sassy nurse.
4549	Janicia	2013-04-30	How does a woman travel from Volantis to end up as a nurse in the middle of Westeros with no friends. family, nor belonging to any service society (Such as the Silent Sisters), and from what logic would dictate, no money? The tale is sketchy and full of plotholes.Tyrion, Dany, Jorah, Sam, and Arya all live equally improbable lives.
4550	ugashep	2013-04-30	Actually having her a spy won't change the storyline that much - in the book, Jeyne's mother is on the plot, even if jeyne isn't, show has to condense characters. Exactly, that is why this hasn't been too much of a "wild" theory to me from the beginning, it makes sense.
4551	ugashep	2013-04-30	Tyrion, Dany, Jorah, Sam, and Arya all live equally improbable lives.Yeah, but in all of those cases those characters exile is involuntary, Talisa's is voluntary to hear her tell it, and that means it smells a little more to me.
4552	Envie	2013-04-30	I didn't read all of the pages of this debate because I'm staying FAR away from the objectifying/sexism jabs, I already got in trouble for that once before in another episode. ugh.
HOWEVER. Back on topic: I am also a Talisa hater. I love the actress playing her, but I was never cool with the weird change of the entire character from Jeyne in the books. I still don't understand why they felt like changing her so much and making her into this much more meddling, saucy, opinionated version that is also now a tactical advisor (despite not knowing where Winterfell is?! yeah right). The only explanation I can come up with and others have said, was to give viewers a reason to like the character more and to maybe sympathize with Robb's mistake in taking her in the first place. But even that falls short if you think about the reason he married Jeyne in the books, to save her honor because she was a lady. In the show, we have almost no idea who Talisa is, there's no honor or morality, she just seems like a sassy woman Robb seduced and now she's supposed to be his Queen. It just falls flat.
There were a lot of theory debates from the books about what happened to Jeyne after the Red Wedding. Her Mother supposedly took her away, but I distinctly remember there being some hints at something else and the possibility Blackfish somehow snuck her out of Riverrun when he escaped. It's sad that entire story arc and plot apparently don't really mean anything if Talisa, the HBO invention, is going to just become an obvious spy or even killed off ... I'm hoping they are going somewhere good with this decision to change her so drastically from the books. 
I didn't like her in the books either, though the reasons were personality driven, not political / plot driven. Jeyne was simpering and weak and afraid. I guess they wanted "Talisa" to be the opposite to make her more likable but I don't think it worked.
4553	Jon Snows Ghost	2013-04-30	they ruined robb beyond repair so why bother people? let them kill him and be done with itRW wont be nearly as shocking as for us book readersYep my non book reading friends and family are wishing he hurry ups and dies........Funny thing is they want Roose to take over and continue the fight for the North LOL
4554	shiola	2013-04-30	I'm pretty conflicted over Talisa still.  I do like her in some scenes, just as a character and her personality.  It's what her plot brings to the over-all story that I take issue with.
I'll dislike it if she's some random Volantis nurse with a spotty backstory and plot holes, but I'll hate it if she's a spy.  Lesser of two evils.  Shame, because I liked her at first for telling Robb things he didn't want to hear.
4555	shiola	2013-04-30	I really think Oona Chaplin would have made an excellent Sand Snake or even Arianne. I am not sure why they felt they needed to work her into the show as Talisa.Oh my goddddddd, what could have been.
4556	The Lady Leela	2013-04-30	I don't know. Being a spy requires a lot of intelligence, and Talisa always has a derpy face on. Seriously, she always looks like she was dropped on her head several times as a child. 
Also, how the HELL does she not know where Winterfell is? Isn't she a noblewoman?
Of course, it could be an act. 
I know, her being a spy would be kinda predictable, but at least it would give the character something interesting to do instead of stand around, mouth breathing.
4557	Honourable Ser	2013-04-30	FUCK YOU TALISA THAT SCENE WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME WITH CAT ADVISING ROBB WITHOUT YOU INTERRUPTING HER AND GIVING HIM BATTLE ADVICEFUCK YOU TALISA AND FUCK WHOEVER CREATED YOULook, no need for the caps. I get people don't like Talisa because she's not Jeyne Westerling, but I think people look for faults deliberately with Talisa now. I wish people could be more balanced about it. Like me.[/color]What she said....Also, if Catelyn had loved Jon Snow, Charlie Chaplin wouldn't have impregnated one of his wives which eventually leads us to Oona.And, DON'T EVEN LOOK AT CATELYN, TALISA, YOU'RE THE COUSIN OLIVER OF GOT.  STFU, AND GO MEND SOME FLESH SOMEWHERE.  ASSHOLE.well, I feel better.... That's a bit harsh as well. No need to say she shouldn't have been born, even as a joke. Seems a bit...childish?
4558	Solanna	2013-04-30	I am not so sure that Jeyne Westerling doesn't have a future in the books that Talisa might end up following as well too. Jeyne was clearly not part of her mother's plot against Robb and she was trying to get pregnant. The descriptions of Jeyne by Catelyn and Jaime are different in the book, so what if they are not the same person? What if the Blackfish managed to sneak out of Riverrun with a pregnant Jeyne Westerling leaving another girl behind? 
Just speculation, but it would add to the plot if Robb actually ends up with a legitimate heir.
4559	AliKat	2013-04-30	I was okay with the Talisa change (which I saw before the book) because her and Robb had some serious chemistry in Season 2. I liked Robb falling in love with someone who questioned his reasons and fleshed him out more. After reading ASOS I saw the problem but still thought they could have fixed it by telling Robb about Bran and Rickon before he slept with Talisa and wondered why the writers didn't do that. It would have taken a five minute scene for both him and Cat. And it would give Cat more reasons to let Jaime free.Season 3 - the honeymoon is clearly over between those two. I get that Robb is burnt out and having problems with his kingdom and his men. But when she comes to kiss him by the fireplace and Bolton interrupts, he kisses her back but doesn't put his arms around her. When she is standing by the map this episode admitting she doesn't know where Winterfell is (WTF REALLY?), he takes her hand and starts to show her. She is looking at him like she wants to jump his bones and Robb pays that no mind before suddenly getting distracted by Casterly Rock.And if she doesn't know where Winterfell is, nor is she from Westeros, she shouldn't give Robb ANY war advice. That should have been Catelyn saying all that.I don't know if she's a spy but its sad that they screwed up Robb's wonderful character from S1-2 to have this foreign woman that he doesn't even seem that attracted to. Considering the lusty, longing looks he gave her last season vs. this season - so so sad. Catelyn warned him a marriage built would last longer but I figured they'd remain in the honeymoon stage for the remaining months.It pisses me off that most people are like 'whatever Red Wedding' when it was so devasting in the book. Too many fans have been turned off of show!Robb and show!Cat to even care anymore.
4560	AliKat	2013-04-30	I am not so sure that Jeyne Westerling doesn't have a future in the books that Talisa might end up following as well too. Jeyne was clearly not part of her mother's plot against Robb and she was trying to get pregnant. The descriptions of Jeyne by Catelyn and Jaime are different in the book, so what if they are not the same person? What if the Blackfish managed to sneak out of Riverrun with a pregnant Jeyne Westerling leaving another girl behind?Just speculation, but it would add to the plot if Robb actually ends up with a legitimate heir.She's at the RW which to me says that since D&D know the fate of the book characters, its unlikely that Robb has an heir or they'll have her hostage at the Twins since Talisa is going to be at the RW.
4561	Birdsong65	2013-04-30	Look, no need for the caps. I get people don't like Talisa because she's not Jeyne Westerling, but I think people look for faults deliberately with Talisa now. I wish people could be more balanced about it. Like me.Yeah, I don't think I could have been clearer as to my reasons for disliking the character Talisa, which have nothing whatsoever to do with either the actress, or the fact that the character is not bookJayne.  Perhaps the reason someone choses to post in caps is because the are tired of their arguments being sidelined and/or poo-poohed by those more "balanced" arguments which would, more often than not, suggest there is something amiss if one does not like whatever character.As for wishing the actress had never been born, seriously?  Just seriously.  I can't.
4562	AliKat	2013-04-30	Also, how the HELL does she not know where Winterfell is? Isn't she a noblewoman?Not from Westeros. BUT she knew the Crag would have a maester and so on. She can't ride a horse either. Color me baffled.
4563	shiola	2013-04-30	I don't see why people assume Talisa dying at the RW would say anything about Jeyne's fate.  They're going to make up their own things as they have all along.  They know they'll catch up before GRRM finishes the series and they will probably give it their own ending.  /shrug.  I don't take anything on the show as spoilers.
4564	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I don't see why people assume Talisa dying at the RW would say anything about Jeyne's fate.  They're going to make up their own things as they have all along.  They know they'll catch up before GRRM finishes the series and they will probably give it their own ending.  /shrug.  I don't take anything on the show as spoilers.Ive never bought the Jeyne still pregnant theory, but I think it's fairly safe to assume that her son will not have a major role in the books if Talisa dies. Not to say that it's impossible, just makes it more unlikely, because the son of the King in the North would be a major potential political tool in the books, and therefore the series.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 30 April 2013 - 02:30 PM.
4565	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-30	I don't see why people assume Talisa dying at the RW would say anything about Jeyne's fate.  They're going to make up their own things as they have all along.  They know they'll catch up before GRRM finishes the series and they will probably give it their own ending.  /shrug.  I don't take anything on the show as spoilers.I agree. I don't know why people make theories based on the show. They've already killed minor characters that are still alive in the books and that became more important. I don't take anything on the show as spoilers or foreshadowing, neither. At least not now, maybe in season 6 or 7 if TWoW hasn't been published, then I will consider it spoiler. But now? nope.
4566	HexenII	2013-04-30	If Talisa is a spy then there is not going to be a RW, the moment that Tyrion weds Sansa Stark, Tywin would order Talisa to poison Robb. The North has no leader that is opposing Tywin except Robb at this point. If he dies the North surrenders at this point do they not?Excellent point!!
4567	The Lady Leela	2013-04-30	She can't ride a horse either. Color me baffled.How did she get to Westeros? Did she find a good deal on Jet Blu?
4568	Joyful Union	2013-04-30	I don't know. Being a spy requires a lot of intelligence, and Talisa always has a derpy face on. Seriously, she always looks like she was dropped on her head several times as a child.This is just too fucking far. I understand disliking the character, but this is just attacking the actress, which is seriously not cool.
4569	The Lady Leela	2013-04-30	I never said it was the actress. I thought she did a fine job last season and OC has been good in other things. But this season the writing for Talisa has been so flat that most of the time she's just standing around like she has no idea what's going on.
4570	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-30	Goodness, I was indifferent towards Talisa and now y'all are making me dislike her, too.
To be a spy or not to be, either way I just kinda hope she dies at the RW.
4571	AliKat	2013-04-30	I think Oona is adorable and now that I saw someone suggest her for Arianne Martell,  I wish they had saved her for that role. She could kill that. But the Talisa character is falling flat now that she's not just sassing Robb and questioning him then seducing him. Makes me think he shouldn't have 'bought the cow' and just got the milk for free (not an insult to the actress or calling the character a cow - its a pun from the 'don't buy the cow when you're getting the milk for free' joke)
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 30 April 2013 - 02:47 PM.
4572	trearu	2013-04-30	Is there not still the possibility that Robbs wife is pregnant? I don't think they would remove that plot element by killing her.
4573	The Lady Leela	2013-04-30	Talisa: My child, you are now the right heir to Winterfell.
Little Eddard: What's Winterfell, mommy?
Talisa: lol idk
4574	~DarkHorse~	2013-04-30	I don't think she will be killed because the Jeyne Westerling being pregnant theory is pretty high up there in the possibilities. 
Robb having an heir may happen and Talisa would have to live for this.
4575	Dove	2013-04-30	I don't think she will be killed because the Jeyne Westerling being pregnant theory is pretty high up there in the possibilities.Robb having an heir may happen and Talisa would have to live for this.I'm pretty sure GRRM himself disproved this theory in an interview, didn't he? The dfference in description was pointed out to him and his response amounted to "whoops lol that was a mistake".
4576	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	Look, no need for the caps. I get people don't like Talisa because she's not Jeyne Westerling, but I think people look for faults deliberately with Talisa now. I wish people could be more balanced about it. Like me.Hark at you.
4577	Impish	2013-04-30	I don't think she's a spy, especially after this latest episode.
Why would a spy try to persuade Robb to keep Karstark alive because they need his men to win the war?  That doesn't make any sense... a spy would subtly encourage him to do exactly what he did; kill Karstark and throw his army into disarray.
I suppose there is always the "she's actually been won over to his side, but is still somehow forced/blackmailed into providing Tywin with info" theory to fallback on, but this seems a stretch with no evidence to support it (in a show that tends to foreshadow everything).
I am also not convinced that how "quickly" Tywin learned of the Karstark men leaving is any sort of proof.  First of all, we don't actually know how "quickly" it was.  Second, how exactly would Talisa get word to Tywin faster than say, a forward scout with a raven?  Half of Robb's army marching off is not exactly something that requires an inner-circle spy to observe.
4578	Angmar	2013-04-30	Too much hatred on one character on this thread...Lols, what is this with the capslock and insults, tumblr?
If she was a spy then she'd be Robb's Shae/Jorah, and that'd get repetitive. 3 Love interest characters' betrayal in ONE season? Too much.
And here I thought Ros was the GOT's Scrappy Doo! Lol
If anything, I'm wondering how will the story pan out. I'm indifferent to her,,,Same thing to Jeyne in the book. Yet if she's gonna be in the RW...
But I hate that theory of her taking on the Jeyne Poole role. Or Ros. Jeyne Poole should be played by Jeyne Poole, end of story.
One thing for sure is that I'll miss Richard Madden like hell after this season. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Angmar, 30 April 2013 - 05:32 PM.
4579	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-30	don't get why people are so pissed at caps lock.
4580	SerMixalot	2013-04-30	^^ Oona could have just been learning to use a bow for fun.I really don't think they're going to dramatically change the RW. D&D have made lots of changes, but they've generally nailed the big 'events' (Ned's death, Blackwater, Dracarys), and they've repeatedly stated that the RW is THE scene they  wanted to make the show for, so I'm confident it will be excellent, Talisa or not.Except they have pretty much screwed the pooch on the set up for the RW, which is sort of why the RW is so powerful.  But that is just my 5 cents
4581	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Too much hatred on one character on this thread...Lols, what is this with the capslock and insults, tumblr?If she was a spy then she'd be Robb's Shae/Jorah, and that'd get repetitive. 3 Love interest characters' betrayal in ONE season? Too much.And here I thought Ros was the GOT's Scrappy Doo! LolIf anything, I'm wondering how will the story pan out. I'm indifferent to her,,,Same thing to Jeyne in the book. Yet if she's gonna be in the RW...But I hate that theory of her taking on the Jeyne Poole role. Or Ros. Jeyne Poole should be played by Jeyne Poole, end of story.One thing for sure is that I'll miss Richard Madden like hell after this season. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Too much hate about a character in a thread specifically about said character.
4582	MoAt	2013-04-30	I love her. I love Oona. 
But she's a spy.
4583	Rapsie	2013-04-30	The actress is excellent, but it was such a shame to waste her on such a non-entity of a character.
4584	Stormie	2013-04-30	I don't know whether she's a spy or not because every time she wanders in to mess up another Robb scene, my eyes just glaze over.
I've got no problem with compressing or even cutting subplots, I've got no problem with combining characters, but I have a real problem with nonsense characters like Talisa being invented and given endless screentime.
p.s. all my hate is for Talisa not for Oona Chaplin. I agree that she could probably do a fine Arianne Martell.
					
					
							Edited by Stormie, 30 April 2013 - 09:56 PM.
4585	Lord Martin	2013-04-30	Of course she is a spy... Who is she writing letters to? The show keeps showing her and Tywin with letters, so that's one suggestion.
She lied about being a fisherman's daughter, she says "my lord" not "milord" suggestings she's noble.  She also lacks an accent of the free cities like Syrio or Shae.
Roose wasn't in camp when Karstark got axed, so he's not the spy.
Alo she claims to be unaware of Westerosi customs, but knows the wedding words and what supplies a maester will have.
A cute female makes a perfect insider... 
My guess is that talisa is a combination of all the westerlings because it's jut easier that way.
4586	StarkBlack21	2013-04-30	You know, she might be a spy. There's no reason for her to be shown writing letters. That's stuck with me ever since I saw her do that. But, I really think she will take the place of Jeyne Poole, and be sent to Ramsay. It fits perfectly for Theon's redemption arc. he would save the wife of his best friend who he betrayed.
4587	Rapsie	2013-05-01	Oooh, that will be satisfying to legions of Talisa haters. I can't wait for her to try the 'sassy nurse talks back' routine on Ramsey..Em, they've already made Roose preferable to Robb. If Ramsay (who is brilliantly psychotic) gets his hands on Talisa, the Bolton's might become the best House ever.
4588	teemo	2013-05-01	Worst character in the adaptation, hands down.  At least Ros didn't exist in the books.  Shae is bad, but she hasn't totally tainted Tyrion's character - Talisa has so with Robb.  Most cheesy, ludicrous relationship in the show all starting with their cliche banter on the battlefield where she talked to him like a commoner.  Her and Robb combined have made me and my nonbook reader friends hate TV Robb's cause and I hear viewers all the time say stuff like, "I hope that Roose guy puts Robb in his place, he's such an idiot."  I don't know what the writers were thinking with this.  Maybe it really did look great on paper, but I doubt it.
I wouldn't mind her being a spy, but if she is, we know it's going to be the whole "spy that fell in love" cliche. Yuck.  And she's at the RW this season, isn't she?  Hopefully she gets the axe or replaces Jeyne Poole.  Oona Chaplin is actually a good actress - she'd probably like that role.  Much more interesting than what she's doing now.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 01 May 2013 - 03:16 AM.
4589	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	Really? Because I thought that no-one knew who Roose was. He's only been in the show for 10 minutes. Has he even been given his first name on the show?
4590	teemo	2013-05-01	I don't think anyone deserves rape or torture, especially by Ramsay, but I bet the actress would like to continue in the show and take the place of Jeyne Poole rather than die.  But she'll most likely die at the RW.  Really? Because I thought that no-one knew who Roose was. He's only been in the show for 10 minutes. Has he even been given his first name on the show?True.  Lots of people say, "one of those adults he's with should put him in his place."  And now since Karstark's gone...but on forums, plenty of the Unsullied know who Roose is.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 01 May 2013 - 07:28 AM.
4591	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-05-01	I love Talissa. D and D really improved JeyneI don't like Talisa, but then, I didn't like Jeyne either.  But other than people being pissed because of Robb's poor decisions with Jeyne -- and then Talisa -- I don't get the hate.Jeyne was a complete non-entity in the books, and you really couldn't do that with the show.  That's a flaw in the source material, if anything.  Having Robb marry some bump on a log with no personality would have made him look ridiculous, so they replaced her with Talisa.  And like her or not, at least she seems to have a real personality, motivations, etc., and makes a more plausible bride than did empty-head, no personality Jeyne.
4592	jarl the climber	2013-05-01	Is Talissa pregnant? Some people stop having sex after the woman gets pregnant. Maybe that is the reason the relationship between Robb and his wife has kind of cooled off like some people have noted. The whole producing an heir thing has not come up yet so who can say.
4593	Honourable Ser	2013-05-01	At least Talisa has some depth to her character, unlike Jeyne Westerling who was criminally underdeveloped. I always felt that given her position we should have seen more of her, and given the hate that Talisa gets I'm surprised there's almost noone that seems to remember Jeyne's completely unimportant role in the books. All she acted as was as a means of breaking the Frey alliance. So far as I can tell, Talisa has done this job just as well, but with more of a back story to her and Robbb's relationship, with the added question of 'is she a spy'?
4594	NickyM	2013-05-01	Honestly, I hope she is a traitor because Robb lost this war completely because of her.  He broke his vow to his greatest one of his greatest allies, by marring her.  If she's a spy that played him then actually in my eyes Robb is actually less stupid. 
Which would be worse, destroying you family and war completely because of the girl, or being completely played meaning she was purposefully pulling every string.  I just don't want to see evil win over true love, which if Talisa was innocent and truely loved Robb then it would and that would be sad.
4595	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	Honestly, I hope she is a traitor because Robb lost this war completely because of her.  He broke his vow to his greatest one of his greatest allies, by marring her.  If she's a spy that played him then actually in my eyes Robb is actually less stupid.Which would be worse, destroying you family and war completely because of the girl, or being completely played meaning she was purposefully pulling every string.  I just don't want to see evil win over true love, which if Talisa was innocent and truely loved Robb then it would and that would be sad.That's kind of like asking if you want to be the dumbest person in a country or the dumbest person in the world. Most people would pick the country, but either way, you're still incredibly stupid.
4596	Envie	2013-05-01	Honestly, I hope she is a traitor because Robb lost this war completely because of her.  He broke his vow to his greatest one of his greatest allies, by marring her.  If she's a spy that played him then actually in my eyes Robb is actually less stupid.Which would be worse, destroying you family and war completely because of the girl, or being completely played meaning she was purposefully pulling every string.  I just don't want to see evil win over true love, which if Talisa was innocent and truely loved Robb then it would and that would be sad.But you see, based on the book - it WAS incredibly stupid whether she was a quiet mousy non-entity or not. In the show, they don't even really give you a good reason at all other than lust - which I guess for a teenage boy is ok but falls flat to me. I'd rather they have stuck to Jeyne Westerling, who nursed Robb's wound and they fell in love and made a mistake so he married her out of a sense of honor and duty... something Starks do, even when it gets their heads knicked off for it. Honor and all that.Catelyn Stark even comments on how disappointing it was in meeting the cause of such a political mistake - that Jeyne wasn't anything great in personality or looks (mildly pretty at best). She even went so far as to muse that at least she had good hips for childbearing. People complain that Jeyne in the books was nothing spectacular and so they changed her into this Talisa character but really the entire point of why Jeyne was who she was seems to be lost on everyone, the show writers included.
4597	jarl the climber	2013-05-01	Another thing that the Westerling storyline had is that her siblings kind of became a surrogate family to Robb. Her brothers and sisters kind of filled in for Robbs missing brothers and sisters. Cat mentioned this and it made sense but they would have had to add another 6 characters to really pull it off and thats probaly why it got dropped.
4598	Stannisfan	2013-05-01	It's a shame that the more character development they give Robb in the show the less people like him, I was devastated at the RW reading the book but won't be so much now. I can't really put my finger on it because I love Richard Madden. I just felt much more attached to Robb when I didn't hear so much about him!! Maybe it is because he was so much younger in the book you admire his achievements
more.
4599	Warhawk137	2013-05-01	It's a shame that the more character development they give Robb in the show the less people like him,Heh, maybe that's the benefit of the book, that Robb is just out of focus enough so that the reader can't quite grasp how badly he's screwing everything up.
4600	mormont	2013-05-01	[mod] Folks, let's be clear: wishing rape on a fictional character is not allowed on this board.
You don't have to agree with that policy. You do have to respect it.
[/mod]
4601	zaphodbrx	2013-04-29	Did anyone find this scene hilarious? I actually didn't mind the gay thing so much this time.
Anyway I have a couple of observations.
First, the revelation that Littlefinger used a spy to get information from Loras. This is quite a change from Littlefinger the bumbling idiot as we have come to expect from the show. I really did expect Sansa to spill the beans to LF, but she was quite evasive about the whole thing either. Wow, it seems there IQ has taken a huge boost over the last few weeks. I like it.
Second, do you think the - whoever - ( random male whore, lets call him ) will get more screen time later on ( somewhat like a male Ros ). Perhaps he could be the 'Kettleblack' Cersei sleeps with?
4602	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	I liked that Loras got some action. If they're going to show it, show it for everyone. I might just miss the "When the sun has set..." line, though, which I'm assuming we won't get since Loras seems so willing to move on.
(He probably won't be quite as willing to be married off to Cersei as to Sansa, though. Malleable young girl who adores him vs scheming Lannister who loves her brother a little too much and will do anything to get her way? Yeah, not a trade up for Loras.)
4603	Masha	2013-04-29	Interesting theory on Kettleback, but unfortunately too far forward in the series - over 2 seasons before first one makes an appearance. Also the producers might do Mountain and Beric trick - have random actor make first short appearance in season 1 and then change to much better actor when character has a far more substantial scene.
So for that random male square to become Kettleback he has to do new Ros thing - keep appearing in random episodes.
4604	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	I found it stereotypical and one-dimensional to be honest. I mean this kind of thing was forward thinking in the late 90s but come on. Closet gay dude is an insatiable slut. OK.
Could have gleaned info from Loras over, you know, a conversation instead of edgy-for-20-years-ago-naked-bum-cheeks-with-sunlight-dancing-off-them-man-love.
Edit: on the same token gratuitous T&A is old hat too but I'll be damned if they mess with my god of T&W. So I guess turnabout is fair play...
					
					
							Edited by Vegeta_Greyjoy, 29 April 2013 - 03:41 PM.
4605	Death by Cupcakes	2013-04-29	Seemed to me like a cheap trick to drive home the point that Loras is gay as gay can be - for those in the audience that have forgotten it.
That is not doing the audience justice, in my opinion.
Since Doros Hollard is out, apparently, they should have stuck with Ros instead.
4606	freetickles	2013-04-29	Interesting theory on Kettleblack because I actually had the same thought, I think based on his name (Oliver) beginning with an "O". At least, it sounded like Oliver. But, I think of the Kettleblacks of the books as huge, oafish brutes, not young squire boys.
4607	Woel	2013-04-29	I found it stereotypical and one-dimensional to be honest. I mean this kind of thing was forward thinking in the late 90s but come on. Closet gay dude is an insatiable slut. OK.Could have gleaned info from Loras over, you know, a conversation instead of edgy-for-20-years-ago-naked-bum-cheeks-with-sunlight-dancing-off-them-man-love.Edit: on the same token gratuitous T&A is old hat too but I'll be damned if they mess with my god of T&W. So I guess turnabout is fair play...I don't know which of them you are referring too, but the guy Loras hooked up with was obviously a prostitute. So the term "insatiable slut" is not really applicable. There is also no evidence that Loras would be an "insatiable slut", given that there isn't any evidence that he has been with anyone since Renly died, which was several months ago. I liked the scene. It was nice, the guy was hot, and it served an important plot advancement purpose. I don't see any advantages into making it a "conversation". It would be a lot more boring and I also don't see how it would realistically play out, i.e. how Loras would be tricked into revealing his engagement in an ordinary conversation. I don't even understand your last paragraph. As a general rule, don't use  acronyms that are not general knowledge if you don't bother to explain them.
4608	Vegeta_Greyjoy	2013-04-29	I don't know which of them you are referring too, but the guy Loras hooked up with was obviously a prostitute. So the term "insatiable slut" is not really applicable. There is also no evidence that Loras would be an "insatiable slut", given that there isn't any evidence that he has been with anyone since Renly died, which was several months ago.I liked the scene. It was nice, the guy was hot, and it served an important plot advancement purpose. I don't see any advantages into making it a "conversation". It would be a lot more boring and I also don't see how it would realistically play out, i.e. how Loras would be tricked into revealing his engagement in an ordinary conversation.I don't even understand your last paragraph. As a general rule, don't use  acronyms that are not general knowledge if you don't bother to explain them.T&A is tits and ass, a very common acronym. If you get that then you'd also get T&W is a referece to Tyrion's god of tits & wine.
4609	Cravensbayne	2013-04-30	I hope this guy isn't back for more. Their is enough awkward sex scenes in the show as it is. I would love to share this show with my grandpa or sister but the sex scenes... I don't even wanna think what it would be like watching this ep with my grandpa.
4610	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	I don't even understand your last paragraph. As a general rule, don't use  acronyms that are not general knowledge if you don't bother to explain them.You're the only person I've ever seen that doesn't know the first.Anyway, yeah, didn't like it. It's not the sex that's the bad thing, it's how they approached it. They fight for a few seconds, *cheesy pickup line here*, sex time, Loras spills all the beans. No mention of Renly, no indication Loras still cares about him.
4611	Kernest	2013-04-30	Anyway, yeah, didn't like it. It's not the sex that's the bad thing, it's how they approached it. They fight for a few seconds, *cheesy pickup line here*, sex time, Loras spills all the beans. No mention of Renly, no indication Loras still cares about him.I thought the scene right after was hilarious when Littlefinger quipped "that didn't take long", it made me laugh.Yeah... I also miss the "when the sun has set..." line, one of the few good lines that made Loras' character much deeper and meaningful. Perhaps we can still see it if Loras walks Sansa to her wedding with Tyrion, but it'll be a lot less meaningful after this nearly pointless sex scene.
4612	EnergeticCrab	2013-04-30	It was nice for there to be some male nudity to balance out the barrage of female nudity, but the context was terrible.
Loras was in love with Renly and wouldn't have rebounded so fast or spilled about Sansa. It was OOC and I hate how it was being justified: "oh well, he was so DISTRAUGHT"
4613	Ty3009	2013-04-30	I think it's entirely possible that Loras believes that he will never love again.  That doesn't mean that he won't have sex when the opportunity presents itself.  Honestly, I think there's some knee-jerk PC reactions to this "stereotyping".  It's not as if all the other heterosexual men (or women for that matter) are portrayed as devoid of sexual urges purely for sake of enjoyment.
4614	lannistergold	2013-04-30	I might just miss the "When the sun has set..." line, though, which I'm assuming we won't get since Loras seems so willing to move on.My first thought too. Not giving him a plausible grief process would derail the character. But it might not be too late to bring that in - after all, grief can have pretty unpredictable effects.
4615	Maester Murks	2013-04-30	I think it's entirely possible that Loras believes that he will never love again.  That doesn't mean that he won't have sex when the opportunity presents itself.  Honestly, I think there's some knee-jerk PC reactions to this "stereotyping".  It's not as if all the other heterosexual men (or women for that matter) are portrayed as devoid of sexual urges purely for sake of enjoyment.I kind of agree about the knee-jerk reaction. But still: (Book) Loras & Renly was one of the relationships that was closest to "true love" in the whole series. What would you say if Show Catelyn jumped into bed with some random knight from Robb's host, just because "the opportunity presented itself" ?That being said:TBH, the scene didn't bother me much. It didn't really help Loras' character in the show, but we didn't get the "once the sun has set..." feeling there anyway. So in the context of the show, it kinda made sense (while still being a little gratuitous).
4616	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	I think the only explanation for the scene was that they wanted to emphasise that Loras is gay for those who forgot and to show that he would not be a suitable husband for Sansa in this regard. Not that being gay is really something to stop the marriage in this settting, of course.
4617	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	I think the only explanation for the scene was that they wanted to emphasise that Loras is gay for those who forgot and to show that he would not be a suitable husband for Sansa in this regard. Not that being gay is really something to stop the marriage in this settting, of course.It also served the purpose of informing the Lannisters about the Tyrell's plot, through LF.
4618	Buckwheat	2013-05-01	It also served the purpose of informing the Lannisters about the Tyrell's plot, through LF.Whoops! That it did, true. It could still have been done through Sansa, to be sure, if they wanted to avoid a sex scene - but when did they ever want to avoid the sex scene? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4619	cuendillar	2013-05-01	Whoops! That it did, true. It could still have been done through Sansa, to be sure, if they wanted to avoid a sex scene - but when did they ever want to avoid the sex scene? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Maybe it was more important to them not to give watchers more reasons to dislike Sansa. This way, at least someone else betrayed her - her naivete had nothing to do with it.By the way, I see nothing in the least bad about Loras being homosexual. It just means that there'll be no casual sex, which is a very minor part of a marriage. They could still grow fond of each other, same as in any other arranged marriage.
4620	Reposado	2013-05-01	i don't think the point was to show anything about loras at all. the point was to show how the info leaked.I kind of agree about the knee-jerk reaction. But still: (Book) Loras & Renly was one of the relationships that was closest to "true love" in the whole series.was it though. considering the age of loras, it could easily have been teenage infatuation. tyrion even comments on this.
4621	Winter's Knight	2013-05-01	Tyrion is one to talk, considering his still having feelings for Tysha.
4622	Sneaky-Tyrell	2013-05-01	Was it me or did Baelish call him Polliver??
4623	Winter's Knight	2013-05-01	Was it me or did Baelish call him Polliver?? Sweet Polly Oliver...Naa, his name's Oliver.ETAhttp://m.youtube.com...h?v=50DJCcUkbYc
					
					
							Edited by Winter's Knight, 01 May 2013 - 08:41 AM.
4624	teemo	2013-04-29	This includes 'Kissed by Fire.'  I did this last year and I hope it was helpful, so I went back today and did it again for this season.  I'll update it each week.  I'm not including everyone, but I will if you ask for it.  I'm not saying it's all perfect, but I tried my best /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Tyrion Lannister - 33:01 Jaime Lannister - 31:26 Brienne Tarth - 26:06 Daenerys Targaryen - 24:44Arya Stark - 24:36Margaery Tyrell - 23:41 Cersei Lannister - 23:23Samwell Tarly - 19:24Jon Snow - 18:09Robb Stark - 17:15Talisa - 17:09Ygritte - 17:00Catelyn Stark - 16:47Joffrey Baratheon - 16:36Sansa Stark - 15:44Tywin Lannister - 15:53Olenna Tyrell - 14:04Theon Greyjoy - 11:47Brynden Tully - 11:33Littlefinger - 11:00Varys - 10:56 Stannis Baratheon - 9:48The Hound - 9:47Bran Stark - 9:37 Davos Seaworth - 9:32Edmure Tully - 9:06Shae - 8:56Bronn - 8:08 Mance Rayder - 7:23 Ramsay Bolton - 7:10Loras Tyrell - 5:59Melisandre - 5:06 Roose Bolton - 3:24 Selyse - 3:17Shireen - 2:58Qyburn - 2:44Ros - 1:50
4625	teemo	2013-04-30	Longest scene was bathtub scene followed by the love scenes in the cave.
4626	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-30	I'm glad to know Ros' screen time is lessened, and Jaimie's upped. I'm hoping to see more of the Hound this season, too. I can't believe Marg has more screen time than Jon Snow.
4627	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	I guess they heard the fandom about Ros, didn't they?
4628	YTDN	2013-04-30	I think something they're doing this season is 'front-loading' some characters arcs (Jaime & Brienne) and 'back-loading' others (hopefully Jon Snow, Robb & Cat, Bran, Dragonstone) so there is a better pace, rather than trying to spread everyone over the season like butter scraped over too much bread.
4629	teemo	2013-04-30	Margaery is in a LOT of group scenes where she spends a lot of time not talking too much, but yeah, her having that much screen time is surprising
4630	Dove	2013-04-30	didn't see podrick, didn't read
(This is actually pretty interesting, thanks for posting it.)
Poor Mance - Bronn, Shae, even fucking Edmure had more time ahahaha
4631	teemo	2013-04-30	Roose Bolton needs way more screentime ASAP so people know who he is in episode 9.  Hopefully, he'll have that long convo with Jaime in the next episode or two.
4632	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	Margaery is in a LOT of group scenes where she spends a lot of time not talking too much, but yeah, her having that much screen time is surprisingBut no unwelcomed, imo.  Natalie Dormer has done a brilliant bringing the character to life and being the scheming but loveable character that we only caught glimpses of in the books.  For me, she's been the best adapted and expanded character thus far in the series.
4633	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	Roose Bolton needs way more screentime ASAP so people know who he is in episode 9.  Hopefully, he'll have that long convo with Jaime in the next episode or two.Even if he does get more screen time, will people remember he's supposed to be Robb's man?  When we saw him with Robb he was telling Rickard Karstark that he would get vengeance for his sons (which probably was about Robb not Jaime, but anyway...), and now that he has Jaime he's treating him kindly.  I wouldn't be surprised if fans forgot this was the same guy.
4634	teemo	2013-04-30	Even if he does get more screen time, will people remember he's supposed to be Robb's man?  When we saw him with Robb he was telling Rickard Karstark that he would get vengeance for his sons (which probably was about Robb not Jaime, but anyway...), and now that he has Jaime he's treating him kindly.  I wouldn't be surprised if fans forgot this was the same guy.I don't think I have any nonbook reader friends who know who he is.  For real.  That's bad.
4635	go joff go	2013-04-30	Thanks for doing this, awesome job and pretty fascinating. 
My biggest gripes would probably be Roose followed by Mance and the wildlings.  Roose is understandable to some extent as there is a fine line to walk with him, but the pacing for the wilding scenes have been weird, and we got almost no expanding on Mance's character.  I have liked the individual scenes but some of them feel like they are missing a trasition scene or too, similar to last year.  I can't help but wonder if the Iceland shooting mess with their ability to film some of the scenes.
4636	cybobbie	2013-04-30	Thank you schala for the amazing screentime list. I was surprised by the amount of time that Marg had so far and I agree with Lord Godric ^ about Roose, because at list here at home the non book readers are having a hard time to keep track about him and they totally forgot about his bastard son by now. Of course that they have me to help, I mean they always ask about characters that they forget about, however I hope that they make his part more clear for show viewers.
And I forgot to mention about Mance, I mean I also hope that they bring more of Mance in the next episodes.
					
					
							Edited by cybobbie, 30 April 2013 - 06:50 PM.
4637	Arkash	2013-04-30	Jon is too low ! They so gotta fix this !
4638	Lehnaru	2013-04-30	I'm liking that there's more Sam than Jon so far. I can't stand the latter and much prefer the former. Sadly, I think we'll be seeing more of Jon and less of Sam in the next few episodes.
4639	Roose Seal	2013-04-30	They did listen to the fans concerning Ros. Good.
I don't think book readers have a grasp of who Mance or Roose are as characters really.
4640	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Talissa has 17 minutes too much
4641	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Thanks for doing this, awesome job and pretty fascinating.My biggest gripes would probably be Roose followed by Mance and the wildlings.  Roose is understandable to some extent as there is a fine line to walk with him, but the pacing for the wilding scenes have been weird, and we got almost no expanding on Mance's character.  I have liked the individual scenes but some of them feel like they are missing a trasition scene or too, similar to last year.  I can't help but wonder if the Iceland shooting mess with their ability to film some of the scenes.Concerning Mance, i don't think we really see that much of him in aSoS really. There's the scene where Jon meets Mance, I think again in another Jon PoV before he goes off with the Thenn's, and then we don't see him again until after the battle. I could be wrong but that's how I remember it.I just think his scenes are more memorable and longer in the books, so it seems as though he's featured much more. In the show he has much less to talk about which I think was a mistake.
4642	Nezzer	2013-04-30	I don't think I have any nonbook reader friends who know who he is.  For real.  That's bad.I don't think it's that bad. I didn't notice Roose much until the RW. Until then I used to mistake him for Robett Glover sometimes, and he had never stood out for me much, even with the leeches. I don't know about the casual non-readers, but the TWOP Unsullied are very wary of Bolton since season 2. They have definately noticed him since he said his house motto and that he lives in a place called Dreadfort. He's quite remarkable, really.
4643	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	I don't think it's that bad. I didn't notice Roose much until the RW. Until then I used to mistake him for Robett Glover sometimes, and he had never stood out for me much, even with the leeches. I don't know about the casual non-readers, but the TWOP Unsullied are very wary of Bolton since season 2. They have definately noticed him since he said his house motto and that he lives in a place called Dreadfort. He's quite remarkable, really.Come on, Arya was his cupbearer for chrissake.  A huge deal was made about him when he took HH.  He's mentioned by Jamie, Tywin, and Tyrion.  Cat and Robb discuss him, Robb says he scares him.  How can u be taken seriously unless you only care about Dany's storyline?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 30 April 2013 - 08:12 PM.
4644	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	I honestly didn't pay much attention to him until he has dinner with Jaime in aSoS since I blazed through the first three books on my first read when aSoS was released.
4645	Ser Luke.	2013-04-30	Thanks so much for taking the time out to do this! Surprised by how much Margaery they've had, and a bit disappointed there hasn't been more Mance.
4646	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Maybe Im biased cuz Roose is my third favorite character but how can you possibly pay no mind to roose bolton until the RW or until he and Jamie dine?
Its like saying you didnt notice Oberyn untill the mountain killed him.   Or you didnt even know Lysa ruled the Vale until LF moon doored her...
4647	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	Talissa has 17 minutes too muchDamn look at the good ass characters below her lol
4648	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Damn look at the good ass characters below her lolMakes me sick. SICK!!!!
4649	Colonel Green	2013-04-30	Talissa has 17 minutes too muchThat's a pretty illusory 17 minutes.  She's had, what, a dozen lines so far this year?
4650	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Maybe Im biased cuz Roose is my third favorite character but how can you possibly pay no mind to roose bolton until the RW or until he and Jamie dine?Its like saying you didnt notice Oberyn untill the mountain killed him.   Or you didnt even know Lysa ruled the Vale until LF moon doored her...Because there is very little interaction with him and major characters or plot intersections until Arya meets him, and this is after she meets like 4 other totally creepy "masters." So I just assumed he was another Northern lord with a creepy fetish for leeches that Arya would need to somehow get away from. I didn't see his importance until I felt he was possibly switching allegiance.Oberyn's initial conversation with Tyrion is incredibly memorable and he's the first Dornish character I recall meeting. It's also in a Tyrion POV which at the time was much less muddled than Arya's, and he's a Prince.Lysa is introduced as Cat's sister, so family is pretty easy to remember. Not to mention she again pops up in a Tyrion PoV and is the regent leader of an entirely new and undiscovered territory for the reader (The vale).
4651	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	That's a pretty illusory 17 minutes.  She's had, what, a dozen lines so far this year?Really.  I am willing to bet most of Talisa's time is standing behind Robb.
4652	scurvy	2013-04-30	I'm glad to know Ros' screen time is lessened, and Jaimie's upped. I'm hoping to see more of the Hound this season, too. I can't believe Marg has more screen time than Jon Snow.MORE SANDOR!!!!
4653	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Because there is very little interaction with him and major characters or plot intersections until Arya meets him, and this is after she meets like 4 other totally creepy "masters." So I just assumed he was another Northern lord with a creepy fetish for leeches that Arya would need to somehow get away from. I didn't see his importance until I felt he was possibly switching allegiance.Oberyn's initial conversation with Tyrion is incredibly memorable and he's the first Dornish character I recall meeting. It's also in a Tyrion POV which at the time was much less muddled than Arya's, and he's a Prince.Lysa is introduced as Cat's sister, so family is pretty easy to remember. Not to mention she again pops up in a Tyrion PoV and is the regent leader of an entirely new and undiscovered territory for the reader (The vale).Major characters mention Roose quite a bit.  Roose's entrance to HH is pretty memorable and he's described pretty vividly.  You said you didnt take note of him until his conversation with Jamie. Now you're changing until when Arya meets him?
4654	teemo	2013-04-30	Yes, most of Talisa's time is spent not talking.  Definitely.  She also had a long scene with Catelyn during her Jon Snow monologue where she had like 3 lines.  For a few episodes there she actually had quite a bit more screentime than Robb, lol.
I can't imagine reading the books and not knowing Roose Bolton.  I could never forget him after Harrenhal with his disgusting leeches and the Brave Companions staying there.  And then I thought his talk with Jaime was quite epic.  He definitely left an impression on me way before the RW.
And....those.....eyes...I always remember how Cat said how cold they were.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 30 April 2013 - 08:57 PM.
4655	Dove	2013-04-30	Major characters mention Roose quite a bit.  Roose's entrance to HH is pretty memorable and he's described pretty vividly.  You said you didnt take note of him until his conversation with Jamie. Now you're changing until when Arya meets him?Uh, why are you so fixated on when he "noticed" Roose? It's not that big of a deal. In the first two and a half books Roose is basically a background character in a series stuffed to the brim with background characters, and different people take to different things in the books. It's pretty understandable to get mixed up.When you power through the books the first time it's incredibly easy to miss details like that. They're very dense and detail-oriented. The leeches were the only thing that made him memorable for me up until his interactions with Jaime.That said we're agreed on more screentime for Roose. He's an interesting fellow, and I love the contrast of his cold, calculated brand of ruthless efficiency compared to his son's mad-dog ways.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 30 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
4656	teemo	2013-04-30	True, Roose may just not be memorable for some people.  I can't imagine though!
4657	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Major characters mention Roose quite a bit.  Roose's entrance to HH is pretty memorable and he's described pretty vividly.  You said you didnt take note of him until his conversation with Jamie. Now you're changing until when Arya meets him?If you read my post I wrote that I didn't pay much attention to him until Jaime dines with him. Which by inference means I paid a little attention to him prior, through the couple of mentions he gets and mostly when Arya was dealing with him, but ultimately didn't feel he was really all that important until Jaime interacts with him. I feel like at that moment non-readers will really begin to pay attention to him.However when I reread the books, I obviously paid much more attention to him. And honestly he only really becomes likable to me, as a character (not because of his motivations or perspective) until aDwD. Actually up until he dines with Jaime explain to me what he's even done to be a character of import or even likable, because I'm curious if I've indeed missed something after re-reading so many times.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 April 2013 - 09:04 PM.
4658	Lord Godric	2013-04-30	Roose really didn't play any role in the story to me until he started acting strange with Jaime.  I should have realized then that the Red Wedding was coming, but I didn't.
4659	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Uh, why are you so fixated on when he "noticed" Roose? It's not that big of a deal. In the first two and a half books Roose is basically a background character in a series stuffed to the brim with background characters, and different people take to different things in the books. It's pretty understandable to get mixed up.When you power through the books the first time it's incredibly easy to miss details like that. They're very dense and detail-oriented. The leeches were the only thing that made him memorable for me up until his interactions with Jaime.That said we're agreed on more screentime for Roose. He's an interesting fellow, and I love the constrast of his cold, calculated brand of ruthless efficiency compared to his son's mad-dog ways.I already clearly stated that Roose is my third favorite character and I'm biased.   So there's that answer.  On my first read, he was my second favorite.  I just dont see how you can not take not of Roose until the RW.  Seems impossible unless you're being an unabashed show apologist (that's not directed at Nightisdarkansfullofturnips).
4660	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	If you read my post I wrote that I didn't pay much attention to him until Jaime dines with him. Which by inference means I paid a little attention to him prior, through the couple of mentions he gets and mostly when Arya was dealing with him, but ultimately didn't feel he was really all that important until Jaime interacts with him. I feel like at that moment non-readers will really begin to pay attention to him.However when I reread the books, I obviously paid much more attention to him. And honestly he only really becomes likable to me, as a character (not because of his motivations or perspective) until aDwD.Understandable, just doesnt translate well to a completely biased person like myself.  Perhaps I take Roose disrespect personally.
4661	Darkstar For King	2013-04-30	Thanks for this, it should be good seeing how it develops in the last 5 episodes. I checked out S2's and Tyrion also had the most by a considerable margin, this year though it should be closer. S1 would be interesting too, to see if Tyrion tops Ned, I'll try search for a list.
4662	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	Understandable, just doesnt translate well to a completely biased person like myself.  Perhaps I take Roose disrespect personally.You also have the benefit of reading about Roose in aDwD which, to me, really changes one's perspective of him. Of course you liked him before and I don't doubt that at all, but this idea you have of Roose in your head includes all you've read and discussed about him, which is obviously considerably more than Roose before he even converses with Jaime.
4663	teemo	2013-04-30	Understandable, just doesnt translate well to a completely biased person like myself.  Perhaps I take Roose disrespect personally. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> You always crack me up!Thanks for this, it should be good seeing how it develops in the last 5 episodes. I checked out S2's and Tyrion also had the most by a considerable margin, this year though it should be closer. S1 would be interesting too, to see if Tyrion tops Ned, I'll try search for a list.I'll do this very soon...I've been asked a LOT, so I'll go ahead and get to it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Watch some fun scenes in the process!
4664	Nezzer	2013-04-30	I already clearly stated that Roose is my third favorite character and I'm biased.   So there's that answer.  On my first read, he was my second favorite.  I just dont see how you can not take not of Roose until the RW.  Seems impossible unless you're being an unabashed show apologist (that's not directed at Nightisdarkansfullofturnips).Well, Roose is my fourth favorite character now and I didn't pay much attention to him until the RW /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It's not like I didn't notice him, he just didn't stand out too much for me. I paid more attention to other bannermen who were closer to Robb than Roose, like the Greatjon or the Blackfish. These two stood out a lot more for me. Roose only became a major character and one of my favorite characters in ADwD.
4665	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	It's not like I didn't notice him, he just didn't stand out too much for me. I paid more attention to other bannermen who were closer to Robb than Roose, like the Greatjon or the Blackfish. These two stood out a lot more for me. Roose only became a major character and one of my favorite characters in ADwD.Roose's whole persona is not really to stand out much to be honest. He seems like one of those don't be the best and don't be the worst so as not to draw attention to yourself types. This is why I really struggle to figure out his motivations for everything he's done, but I particularly love one of Tze's theories that Roose's doing everything he does for revenge on Ramsay (For killing Domeric).
4666	Dove	2013-04-30	Prior to Jaime in ASOS most of Roose's material comes from Arya's viewpoint, and when you've got over-the-top people like the Tickler, Amory Lorch, Vargo Hoat, and Gregor Clegane running around in addition to all the other sinister characters it stands to reason that Bolton wouldn't stand out too much aside from one or two bizarre leeching scenes - being unremarkable and discrete is kind of his gimmick.
And when these books are as big as they are, that's just not much to go by until you're re-reading with the knowledge you've gained from later in the series.
4667	teemo	2013-04-30	For some reason, the description of his eyes always made him stand out to me.  Cat not trusting his eyes and commenting on their coldness was a huge red flag to me.
4668	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	For some reason, the description of his eyes always made him stand out to me. I had not realized until now... what a wicked old harpy you really are.JK, Roose stood out to me ever since Robb thought "He only looks at me and all i can think of is that room they have in The Dreadfort where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies"way back in AGOT
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 30 April 2013 - 09:27 PM.
4669	teemo	2013-04-30	I had not realized until now... what a wicked old harpy you really are.JK, Roose stood out to me ever since Robb thought "He only looks at me and all i can think of is that room they have in The Dreadfort where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies"way back in AGOTHah, when I saw that Mark Antony quoted me in my inbox I thought of the same line /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4670	Dove	2013-04-30	For me a lot of mistrust came from the stories about his son in book 2 and what ultimately happened in Winterfell. Before the RW he hands Cat a piece of Theon's skin and says something like "Yeah my son's kinda cruel I guess"
no shit??
That and the fact that Arya got enough bad vibes to not even reveal herself to a supposedly trusted bannerman of Robb's. Gotta trust the cool kid's gut instinct.
4671	Rapsie	2013-04-30	Thanks Schala. Great work and fascinating as always.
Sad to see the Hound is still only getting as much screen time for major parts of his story as Bronn is for filler.
4672	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	You also have the benefit of reading about Roose in aDwD which, to me, really changes one's perspective of him. Of course you liked him before and I don't doubt that at all, but this idea you have of Roose in your head includes all you've read and discussed about him, which is obviously considerably more than Roose before he even converses with Jaime.As soon as Roose got to HH and he started to make everyone shit their pants in the first 5 minutes, I took notice.   By the time Arya broke out of HH, I was rereading his dialogues and chapters before I moved on.
4673	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	Prior to Jaime in ASOS most of Roose's material comes from Arya's viewpoint, and when you've got over-the-top people like the Tickler, Amory Lorch, Vargo Hoat, and Gregor Clegane running around in addition to all the other sinister characters it stands to reason that Bolton wouldn't stand out too much aside from one or two bizarre leeching scenes - being unremarkable and discrete is kind of his gimmick.And when these books are as big as they are, that's just not much to go by until you're re-reading with the knowledge you've gained from later in the series.Except that Arya knows almost instantly that Roose is way more dangerous and cruel than all of them.  And he scares the Young Wolf.
4674	Mulled Wino	2013-04-30	JK, Roose stood out to me ever since Robb thought "He only looks at me and all i can think of is that room they have in The Dreadfort where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies"way back in AGOTYup.  As soon as I saw that, I was looking out for him.  Idc what creepy shit anyone does, skinning people trumps all.And thanks Schala!  Looove these
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 30 April 2013 - 09:42 PM.
4675	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-30	There are plenty of creepy and untrustworthy characters in this series, though. And to be fair I did mention that I basically blazed through the books (I was also 14 when I read the first three) so maybe I should've paid closer attention /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4676	Lady Lu	2013-04-30	Wow thanks so much for putting this together Schala; this is awesome.
4677	Mark Antony	2013-04-30	Hah, when I saw that Mark Antony quoted me in my inbox I thought of the same line /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />thanks for the thread, /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4678	Angmar	2013-04-30	Of the new characters shown this season the Queen of Thorns gets the most screentime...She's been talking with all of the players in King's Landing for now...Only missing is Tywin.
But she leaves soon KL in the books, doesn't she? Around the beginning of AFFC...She didn't have so many scenes as well, in ASOS, I think; maybe due to her popularity they'll expand her role in the show.
4679	Birdsong65	2013-05-01	That's a pretty illusory 17 minutes.  She's {Talisa} had, what, a dozen lines so far this year?Then she's had 11 lines too many.  Hell, let's make that 12 too many in a baker's dozen.  *ducking slings & arrows*With more time given to Mance and Tormund, viewers might not be left with the mistaken impression that they are completely humorless as well as unwashed and untamed.  Half the joy of the wildlings is their collective sense of humor...Seriously, I absolutely love the wildlings, so for me this lack of screen time is terribly criminal.
4680	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	"This season needs more Ros"
--no person, ever.
Good work /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4681	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-05-01	I usually don't complain about stuff like "why isn't X given more time" or "why isn't Y/Rose given less time" because this cast is huge and sometimes a character needs to be sacrifice in benefit of the others, but, I think Jon is being incredibly underused, and I say incredibly, because this arc is actually very important for him and how he starts define himself as a man who made a choice that he might eventually regret and I really have no idea what the hell they're doing with him. I hope that changes after Episode 9.
4682	Nezzer	2013-05-01	I usually don't complain about stuff like "why isn't X given more time" or "why isn't Y/Rose given less time" because this cast is huge and sometimes a character needs to be sacrifice in benefit of the others, but, I think Jon is being incredibly underused, and I say incredibly, because this arc is actually very important for him and how he starts define himself as a man who made a choice that he might eventually regret and I really have no idea what the hell they're doing with him. I hope that changes after Episode 9.Agreed. His time with the wildlings is one of my favorite parts of his entire story throughout all the books. I was actually surprised he's had 18min of screen time, because it seems a lot less. He's barely interacted with the wildlings and it doesn't look like he's actually living with them for a while. That's is my only real gripe with the show at the moment. And time is not the issue. Most episodes this season so far are no more than 54min long. This last episode was 58min long, so it's doable. If Jon had four more minutes in each of the first four episodes, his arc would be much better.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 01 May 2013 - 01:03 AM.
4683	protar	2013-05-01	Great work Schala, really appreciated as ever /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Glad to see Ros in her place at the bottom, but seriously Mance and Roose being down there with her is not good. And I think we've had all our time with Mance this season. :/
4684	Joyful Union	2013-05-01	The dinner scene next episode should give Roose much more screentime.
I'm glad that Jaime is getting so much screentime too. 
Surprised at the deficit of Jon, though I suppose with the Climb next episode that should change as well. Hopefully they'll be more time to develop his relationship with Ygritte over the next few episodes too.
4685	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-01	The dinner scene next episode should give Roose much more screentime.I'm glad that Jaime is getting so much screentime too.Surprised at the deficit of Jon, though I suppose with the Climb next episode that should change as well. Hopefully they'll be more time to develop his relationship with Ygritte over the next few episodes too.It is, indeed, the dinner that should establish the RW. Despite his interactions with arya, Roose Bolton only became a serious character after the RW and, in particular, after I learned about the Reek plot. Before that, he was just another Greatjon or Karstark.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 01 May 2013 - 03:35 AM.
4686	boojam	2013-05-01	I find it kind of amazing that one of their biggest and well known actors,  Ciar&aacute;n Hinds , has , thru 5 episodes, had such little on screen time.
4687	thewalkindude19	2013-05-01	schala, can you tot up Locke's screentime so far?
4688	Khal Tommen	2013-04-29	How do you think Roose will handle Locke? I am of the personal opinion that Locke will meet his demise after epsiode 8, in which the Bear/Brienne fight scene occurs, I have no idea how he will die however, maybe Brienne?
4689	Darkstar For King	2013-04-30	How about having the same fate as Vargo Hoat lol?
4690	theillknight	2013-04-30	What if he goes the way of Amory Lorch did in the book? My question would be who does it to him: Jaime or Roose.
4691	scurvy	2013-04-30	I do hope Roose hands him over with Harrenhal to the the Mountain.  Gregor may not make him eat his own body parts, but he could easily cut off his feat and hands, just because.  They do need to make the Mountain Who Rides into more of a monster.
4692	Dove	2013-04-30	I don't see good things in Locke's future - as mentioned he'll probably have the same end as Amory Lorch or Vargo Hoat.
Someone proposed Locke surviving the season and taking over Biter's role in Brienne's later storyline, which sounds really cool, but I can't see that actually happening.
4693	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	I think that he will go the way of Vargo Hoat, because we need a lil reminder of how messed up the Mountain is before the arrival of Dorne.
ETA: It would help us understand Oberyn's bloodlust and the bad blood that's there. And give the audience more reason to cheer for him and celebrate when it looks like he won...and cry tears of horror when his head is caved in.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 30 April 2013 - 11:27 PM.
4694	Khal Tommen	2013-05-01	I agree with most of the post in the opinion that Locke wont survive the series, I realy do hope we see more of The Mountain's vicious side, as that would be a great build up to next season and realy give The Mountain the terrifying reputation present in the novels that hasnt realy been implemented in the TV show.
4695	FSBA	2013-04-28	I really enjoyed the banter between those two this episode. It was something we never got in the books. The "previously on" segment made a not so subtle reminder that Jorah was spying on Dany. Jorah was clearly fishing for whatever info Ser Barristan had on him. How is that going to be revealed?
4696	SirLexius	2013-04-28	I was just thinking the exact same thing!  I mentioned in general "book spoiler" thread for this episode that I wonder if anything may happen to cause Jorah to voluntarily leave Dany's service - or if that's too much of a leap for the TV series to make.  It sees like there's definitely a certain level of respect between the two, but they're still edgy for their own reasons.  I definitely enjoyed the reminiscing of how Jorah was knighted - I forget if that was covered in the books.
Iain Glen is marvellous in the role.  I'd seen him in other stuff beforehand but am definitely a fan of the actor now.
4697	Fredwin	2013-04-28	I was expecting it to happen this episode with that very conversation, now, I'm not so sure. Maybe something with Daario? Maybe Daario, as a sellsword commander, was somehow privy to the scheming on Illyrio's end? Seems far fetched.. but I guess Jorah could also be dismissed because he makes a move on Dany or becomes insanely jealous of Daario.
					
					
							Edited by Fredwin, 28 April 2013 - 10:54 PM.
4698	Zman1863	2013-04-28	They seem to be going in a slightly different direction since in the show Barristan doesn't know that Jorah was a spy since he wasn't on the council. But I think they had to alter that a bit since Barristan's reveal happened much more quickly than in the books. In the book Barristan's reveal came hand in hand with the revelation that Jorah was also hiding something. They didn't want Jorah's informant past to come out so soon so it seems they have made Barristan ignorant of it.
4699	Darth Pipes	2013-04-28	Seeing Ned again in the preview was a pleasant surprise.
I really liked the Jorah/Barristan scene...definitely different than the animosity they have for each other in the books.  Two other things...
-We get an in-show explanation for why Barristan isn't on the Small Council.
-Barristan bringing up the reason why Jorah shouldn't be near Dany when he returns to King's Landing.  Hadn't thought about that.
4700	Fredwin	2013-04-28	-Barristan bringing up the reason why Jorah shouldn't be near Dany when he returns to King's Landing.  Hadn't thought about that.I found that quite funny myself, was thinking Westeros is going to be in such horrific shape by the time Dany finally makes her way there that people aren't going to care who or what he is.
4701	Montey14	2013-04-28	Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162They seem to be going in a slightly different direction since in the show Barristan doesn't know that Jorah was a spy since he wasn't on the council. But I think they had to alter that a bit since Barristan's reveal happened much more quickly than in the books. In the book Barristan's reveal came hand in hand with the revelation that Jorah was also hiding something. They didn't want Jorah's informant past to come out so soon so it seems they have made Barristan ignorant of it.But he was on the small council....I believe he was there when Robert gave the order to kill Dany and Barristan sided with Ned....Barristan is lieing to Jorah to feel him out ....thats the whole trick.....he's waiting for the right time to spring the trap on him.....
4702	Head of The Ned	2013-04-29	But he was on the small council....I believe he was there when Robert gave the order to kill Dany and Barristan sided with Ned....Barristan is lieing to Jorah to feel him out ....thats the whole trick.....he's waiting for the right time to spring the trap on him.....I just rewatched that scene... Barristan isn't there at the small council table. I wonder how this is going to play out.It was also interesting to see how different Littlefinger's voice was back then
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 29 April 2013 - 12:07 AM.
4703	Bayard	2013-04-29	Finally we see in the show that Jorah is not the perfect knight /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ...
4704	thenedstark	2013-04-29	I think this scene is building up to 
	Spoiler Barristan's reveal to Daenerys about Jorah's initial treachery in informing about her to Varys and the eventual (re-?)exile of Jorah Mormont.

All in all, this was a very well filmed scene in a very well filmed episode.
	Spoiler  Ian Glenn was exceptional in his guilty-yet-defiant look.
4705	Montey14	2013-04-29	How can that be?  is it the same scene....where Robert berates Ned for not wanting to kill Dany...everyone basically along with Robert except for Ned and Barristan....I remember he was there.....the scene where Ned essentially resigns his post....
4706	Kasrith	2013-04-29	I really enjoyed the banter between those two this episode. It was something we never got in the books. The "previously on" segment made a not so subtle reminder that Jorah was spying on Dany. Jorah was clearly fishing for whatever info Ser Barristan had on him. How is that going to be revealed?The way I imagined it watching that scene, Barristan is telling Jorah that he needs to step away from Dany on his own. Since he obviously isn't going to do it - especially since after fishing he probably doesn't think Barristan has anything on him - Ser Barristan will simply express his thoughts of having Jorah too close to Dany, and back it up with the whole Vary's spy info
4707	Kasrith	2013-04-29	I just rewatched that scene... Barristan isn't there at the small council table. I wonder how this is going to play out.It was also interesting to see how different Littlefinger's voice was back thenHe still was the Commander of the KG, that kind of information would have been available to him even if he wasn't on the council...
4708	Montey14	2013-04-29	hmm ...your right....he wasn't there .....I could have sworn he was....perhaps he was there in the book version of that scene....I could have sworn he was the only one siding with Ned about being dishonorable to kill a girl....but I would have no doubt the commandre of the Kings Guard would be privy to such plots though....
4709	Sword in the Night	2013-04-29	Shireen singing the song Patchface taught her during the ending credits was pretty cool
4710	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-29	I thought he was lying to feel him out. Jorah gave him a nice *whip crack* last word.
4711	Joyful Union	2013-04-29	I just rewatched that scene... Barristan isn't there at the small council table. I wonder how this is going to play out."Robert was ranting about it afterwards". Done.
4712	Joey Beers	2013-04-29	Umm, after re-reading ADWD recently I developed a severe dislike of Selmy. His fame came from being bold and brave, as well as proving himself a cut above in tourneys and, more importantly, battle. Yet, his reputation has revolved around his loyalty and sense of duty for many years now. Well, he didn't refuse too hard when the man who overthrew his king offered to let him keep his job, and then made haste to abandon the Baratheons after his dismissal from the KG (by a Lannister who surely Selmy knew wasn't Robert's son). He doesn't have honor. He has a profound sense of duty to his job to be sure, but what is the point of being KG if you're ok with serving a revolving door of monarchs?
As far as Jorah Mormont goes, he is a fantastically likable character for viewers even though his spying has been put out there. The book readers may take a different view of him. Myself, I am basically at the point the series has left him at. A scorned suitor, reformed spy, broken man, just looking for redemption. Perhaps he still wants Dany for himself, maybe he still wants to clear his name. Either way, the future will determine what kind of man Ser Jorah is.
The banter between those two seemed to be a slightly arrogant Mormont being set up by the "good of the realm" servant Selmy. In reality it seemed kind of a battle of wits between two men lacking in that department and desperately grasping at coattails to ride.
4713	Toxspecific	2013-04-29	Umm, after re-reading ADWD recently I developed a severe dislike of Selmy. His fame came from being bold and brave, as well as proving himself a cut above in tourneys and, more importantly, battle. Yet, his reputation has revolved around his loyalty and sense of duty for many years now. Well, he didn't refuse too hard when the man who overthrew his king offered to let him keep his job, and then made haste to abandon the Baratheons after his dismissal from the KG (by a Lannister who surely Selmy knew wasn't Robert's son). He doesn't have honor. He has a profound sense of duty to his job to be sure, but what is the point of being KG if you're ok with serving a revolving door of monarchs?As far as Jorah Mormont goes, he is a fantastically likable character for viewers even though his spying has been put out there. The book readers may take a different view of him. Myself, I am basically at the point the series has left him at. A scorned suitor, reformed spy, broken man, just looking for redemption. Perhaps he still wants Dany for himself, maybe he still wants to clear his name. Either way, the future will determine what kind of man Ser Jorah is.The banter between those two seemed to be a slightly arrogant Mormont being set up by the "good of the realm" servant Selmy. In reality it seemed kind of a battle of wits between two men lacking in that department and desperately grasping at coattails to ride.That's a pretty baseless assumption.Me, I'm divided when it comes to Barristan. He seems overly simple at times.
4714	Dove	2013-04-29	It could be that Barry was telling a little white lie - he didn't sit the small council, but he could've easily known about Jorah. A deception like that to feel Jorah out would be pretty in-line with his characterization, considering he did the same thing in the books with Dany and his Whitebeard disguise.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 29 April 2013 - 06:02 AM.
4715	Lady Arya's Song	2013-04-29	In the books at the small council.    King Robert, Renly, Varys, Maester Pycelle, LF, the Ned, and Barristan Selmy are all there when the discussion happens about sending a killer across the seas to kill Dany.  The reread of that chapter is interesting to see the reasons each person gives to have her killed.  Barristan Selmy does side with Ned at this council.  Ned quits as hand during the outcome of this council.
4716	Mr Smith	2013-04-29	Ian Glenn is such a good actor; I loved the furtive look he casts Barristan's way as they talk about betrayal.
In any case, I think we can discount the theory that Jorah leaving Dany one way or another will be skipped altogether, but the how is still anyone's guess
4717	Greywolf2375	2013-04-29	Yet, his reputation has revolved around his loyalty and sense of duty for many years now. Well, he didn't refuse too hard when the man who overthrew his king offered to let him keep his jobWhich is one of the themes we see with the KG, especially with Jaime's "so many oaths" monologue.  Does the KG serve the man or do they serve the position of king?  They serve the position - which is why it probably isn't too surprising that in knowing many of the kings secrets he wasn't too broken up by Aerys being overthrown.and then made haste to abandon the Baratheons after his dismissal from the KG (by a Lannister who surely Selmy knew wasn't Robert's son).there's no way to know if Selmy knows that info, but considering how he was thrown out and for what reason, it makes sense for him to leave.  If for no other reason than he probably suspected that he would be attacked by bandits on the way to his retirement so that none of the secrets he knows could come to life.I enjoyed the antagonism between the two, I think they do need to keep that level of terseness between them - as Jorah said "We?".  Selmy's only been there a short time, I like seeing the distrust from both sides.
4718	Iotun	2013-04-29	In the scene where Ned comes out of Roberts sick room doesn't he talk to Barristan then turn to tell Varys that Robert decided to stop the order to kill Dany? I'm pretty sure Barristan overheard that and regardless it would have been common knowledge. Cercei knew and she wasn't in the small council. I think things will pretty much play as in the books and it will be all moved to season 4. You can even make the argument that barristan wants to see if she's mad first as in the books and that's why he asks jorah if he follows her
4719	dttljs123	2013-04-29	In the scene where Ned comes out of Roberts sick room doesn't he talk to Barristan then turn to tell Varys that Robert decided to stop the order to kill Dany? I'm pretty sure Barristan overheard that and regardless it would have been common knowledge. Cercei knew and she wasn't in the small council. I think things will pretty much play as in the books and it will be all moved to season 4. You can even make the argument that barristan wants to see if she's mad first as in the books and that's why he asks jorah if he follows herIts common knowledge that King Robert wanted the last Two Targaryens dead. Atleast in the free cities and the Red Keep. Barristan was only a squire in the books first, to Strong Belwas (who i miss dearly) and he begins to see the good side of Daenarys before her reveals himself and tells her of his treason, but by doing so he also gets jorah in hot water for reporting back to the Spider. Barristan seems bent on serving a proper Targaryen and Daenarys is the only choice (to this point).
4720	juanml82	2013-04-29	It's like the boom chain or several other changes the showrunners did. Show Barristan doesn't know, Jorah will leave Danny for other reasons.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 29 April 2013 - 08:59 AM.
4721	Jojosh	2013-04-29	They could easily just have Barristan playing dumb and even though he wasn't on the small council he still heard what was going on because XYZ
Seems like something that would happen in the show
4722	scurvy	2013-04-29	I think Ser Barristan was testing Ser Jorah to see if he was trustworthy for himself as much as whether he is still a threat to Dany.
4723	freetickles	2013-04-29	Though I like the theory that Barristan was testing Jorah and actually does know that he was the leak, I think that's a bit overcomplicated for the show and Dany will find out what Jorah did some other way.
4724	Each Other	2013-04-29	Anyone else thinking that the new grown beard takes away a lot of expressiveness from Ian McElhinney? Might be a reason for his pale performance next to Iain Glen. I don't doubt his abilities - his dialogue with Ned Stark in season 1 was pretty lively and he had a very strong scene when resigning from the King's Guard. But in this season, he's just part of the stage props. The banter between him and Mormont didn't change that.
4725	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-29	I agree, Jorah was fishing for information. Ser Barristan played it well.
4726	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	I think Jorah's outing will still come from Barriston. It's the simplest explanation to find it out from someone who was actually there when it happened. I think Selmy is still feeling out Jorah and the more he sees him as a threat to Dany in whatever form, the more likely he'll decide to tell Dany what's up.
4727	Iotun	2013-04-29	Though I like the theory that Barristan was testing Jorah and actually does know that he was the leak, I think that's a bit overcomplicated for the show and Dany will find out what Jorah did some other way.I disagree. I think if the information is not to come from Barristan then this scene would not be in the show at all. The function of the scene is to introduce the notion that sir Jorah may be worried that ser Barristan knows about his spying. Given that Dany WILL find out about the treason, the easiest way to do it is to resolve this plot by finding out that Yes, ser Barristan knows. This also has the benefit of being truthful to the books, and giving Dany a reason to be angry at Selmy (for not telling her sooner). If Dany finds out some other way, then this scene is effectively redundant. Why even introduce Jorah's worry, if it'll end up having nothing to do with how Dany finds out eventually?
4728	firepoet	2013-04-29	Though I like the theory that Barristan was testing Jorah and actually does know that he was the leak, I think that's a bit overcomplicated for the show and Dany will find out what Jorah did some other way.I don't know, it seems less complicated than having to come up with some other reason.
4729	MoAt	2013-05-01	I think it would be awesome for Joreh to out himself, confess out of respect for Dany, and Dany to still banish him. That would be way more dramatic, and avoid having it caused by the silly dick dance these two guys should be above and united in a greater cause - Dany herself.
The whole scene was mostly about who should be her No 1 guy, with some awesome tension from Joreh sussing out how much Barristan knows of his former spying, which I don't think he does, since Show Barriston wasn't on the small council, and wouldn't be privy to that info.
Without the Arstan disguise, having it come from Barristan doesn't really work at this point. It would be far more dramatic, and cost Joreh more if he comes clean to Dany himself, and still gets screwed.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 01 May 2013 - 12:18 AM.
4730	Mammothsbane	2013-05-01	Jorah was fishing for what Barristan knew. Selmy didn't give him anything. 
It's entirely possible Selmy lied about knowing that Jorah was spying for Robert. Or he might not know. Whatever the case, I'm sure the overall arc of Jorah will be the same and he'll be exiled again when the time comes.
4731	Titus Pullo	2013-05-01	perhaps Quaithe tells Barristan of Jorah's deceit.... 
"will you betray her again, Jorah Mormont? ... will you betray her again?"
4732	qixoticneurotic	2013-05-01	I thought it showed a good contrast in class the two characters. Selmy who is a legend in his own time and as captain of the kings guard a man of title and esteem. whereas mormont has been a mercenary since stark condemned him and was knighted only shortly before
4733	Zultra	2013-04-29	I haven't read the books yet, but was wondering if Shireen will play a role in GOT other then family fodder?
I quite liked her in this episode.
4734	Low Born	2013-04-29	She doesn't do much at all in the books except scare some people with her grey scale as I recall. I wouldn't have been a bit surprised if they had left her out of the show altogether so it'll be interesting to see where they're headed with her character.
4735	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	She doesn't do much at all in the books except scare some people with her grey scale as I recall. I wouldn't have been a bit surprised if they had left her out of the show altogether so it'll be interesting to see where they're headed with her character.True, although she is so far the main reason for Stannis to keep fighting and pay the bank of braavos to pay the debt of Westeros and support her claim to ther throne.Edit: spoiler thingy is not my ally.
					
					
							Edited by Randyll Tarly, 29 April 2013 - 08:56 PM.
4736	Low Born	2013-04-29	True, although she is so far the main reason for Stannis to keep fighting and pay the bank of braavos to pay the debt of Westeros and support her claim to ther throne.Edit: spoiler thingy is not my ally.
4737	Low Born	2013-04-29	Yea but they could have stuck a mannequin in a shadowy corner and said it was her and gotten all of Stannis' motivations expressed just as easy. Then again, I sort of glance over all Shireen's stuff because I find her so dull in the books. She may very well be important in the end.
4738	Nahkuri	2013-04-29	She doesn't do much at all in the books except scare some people with her grey scale as I recall. I wouldn't have been a bit surprised if they had left her out of the show altogether so it'll be interesting to see where they're headed with her character.I thought the exact same thing. I just posted in another thread that she may have a bigger role in the future books of ASOIAF. Why else introduce her in the series? She didn't really do much anything IIRC.
4739	AManofManyFaces	2013-04-30	In the books, someone else teaches Davos to read, in the show, Shireen is filling that role, which becomes pretty darn important actually.  Also, who knows what GRRM may have in store for her in future books.  I quite liked the actress playing Shireen, very sweet, so I do not mind the change.
4740	Raion Laion	2013-04-30	Also, as she incorporates Patchface, they might use her to tell us some prophetic lines.
The actress is extremely talented and cute. She can just stand still on-screen and I'll be more than satisfied. Like kitten heaven.
4741	lil_z	2013-04-29	This scene my first thought after Arya had just watched him brought back to life was a moment were two faiths faced off.
Berric: "Do I frighten you child?"
Arya: "No."
I loved this, to me it was a moment of the Old Gods v. Red God, the wolf v. the red warrior. It's the subtext I gleaned here. I know there is criticism but I thought it was a great scene.
4742	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-29	It was a great scene. I was also glad to see Arya talking more and showing more of the anger that Arya carries with it. It was also a sad reminder of what she has lost when she mentioned bringing back people who lost their heads. My heart always breaks for Arya and I know it is only going to get worse.
4743	Mark Antony	2013-04-29	Loved that scene, Arya asking if they could bring Ned back made my eyes water really fast lol.
4744	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-29	Great scene! Beric's wounds were well done too.
4745	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-29	Loved that scene, Arya asking if they could bring Ned back made my eyes water really fast lol.Her scene with Gendry did cause throat lumps to form.
4746	Batman	2013-04-29	Her scene with Gendry did cause throat lumps to form.That should be a psychological test. Show a person that scene and if they dont choke up then they lack feelings.
4747	juanml82	2013-04-29	Aye, and I guess it paves the way for Arya going to Braavos: everyone left her, so she has nothing but vengeance.
4748	freetickles	2013-04-29	What's the criticism of this scene? I loved it and thought it was generally well-received.
4749	Ghosteline	2013-04-29	Oh the line Arya said "I could be your family" So touchy. Really well done!
4750	Harrad	2013-04-29	Aye, and I guess it paves the way for Arya going to Braavos: everyone left her, so she has nothing but vengeance.Arya has several more blows to take before Braavos.
4751	Dragonstoned	2013-04-29	What's the criticism of this scene? I loved it and thought it was generally well-received.Some people might be criticising it cos it's less powerful than the book version where Beric talks at length of how it's up to the Lord of Light who comes back, and..'Arya felt tears well in her eyes. Thoros used a lot of words, but all they meant was no, that much she understood'.But there's no way that inner monologue could work on screen, so the scene for me was perfect.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 29 April 2013 - 10:34 AM.
4752	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Loved that scene, Arya asking if they could bring Ned back made my eyes water really fast lol.Everything Maisie Williams does and says makes me want to just give her a hug. If I ever have a daughter I hope she's as adoooooraablleee as her.
4753	The Monkey	2013-04-29	Maise Williams has been given tons of praise for her work on this show, but I feel even a dozen Emmys and Golden Globes wouldn't be enough. The emotion she conveys just through her eyes is enough to put most award-winning actors to shame.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 29 April 2013 - 11:24 AM.
4754	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-29	Arya's scene needed to be longer and be given more room to breathe. The events are there but the emotional impact wasn't there fully.
4755	Iotun	2013-04-29	That should be a psychological test. Show a person that scene and if they dont choke up then they lack feelings.I didn't choke up!!! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
4756	Mammothsbane	2013-04-29	Got real dusty in my room when she asked if people without heads could be brought back...
"not 6 times... just once"
4757	A Real Dire Wolf	2013-04-29	I've always liked Arya, but the performance in the show is starting to make her my favourite. So many great scenes this season: the really sweet moment with the wolf bread, choking up when she asks bringing Ned back, even more at the bit with Gendry.
4758	Serial Killer Arya	2013-04-29	/wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> Arya!!!  Her arc is my favorite.  I root for her in the books.  I can't wait until her wolf dreams start
4759	ShigellaSand	2013-04-29	I found that scene to be brilliant. Yeah, I teared up when Arya asked about bringing back people without heads. And then Thoros and Beric both so clearly knew what she meant...
4760	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-29	Oh the line Arya said "I could be your family" So touchy. Really well done! /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />You wouldn't be my family. You'd be milady.
4761	Ambria	2013-04-29	I didn't choke up at the soppy bits but this bit gave me chills.
"He was a good man, Ned Stark, he's at rest now, somewhere, I would never wish my life upon him"
"I would, you're alive"
The look in her eyes when she delivers that line, so much intent and resolve.
I get the feeling she's implying that she would slaughter everyone in the room without hestitation just to have Ned back.
Loved it.
4762	shiola	2013-04-29	Arya dialogue oh my god.  She needs to stop with these fucking tragic goodbyes.  MY HEART.
4763	FuriousGeorge	2013-04-29	She is literally the best actor out of the whole cast IMO. If you actually watch interviews with her talking about Arya it is pretty clear she understands her character on quite a deep level which is just ridiculous for how old she is and her experience. Really cannot express how confident I am that she is going to be a massive massive star.
ETA  - best actor out of the whole cast may be a bit of an exaggeration when that cast includes legitimate vets like Ciaran  Hinds and people like Richard Madden who is also class but she is literally up there with the best of them, she just nails every scene so perfectly.
					
					
							Edited by ohindeed101, 29 April 2013 - 06:22 PM.
4764	ChozenOne	2013-04-29	She is literally the best actor out of the whole cast IMO. If you actually watch interviews with her talking about Arya it is pretty clear she understands her character on quite a deep level which is just ridiculous for how old she is and her experience. Really cannot express how confident I am that she is going to be a massive massive star.ETA  - best actor out of the whole cast may be a bit of an exaggeration when that cast includes legitimate vets like Ciaran  Hinds and people like Richard Madden who is also class but she is literally up there with the best of them, she just nails every scene so perfectly.I can't believe you didn't mention NCW (espically after the bath scene), Dance, or Dinklage in the best actors in the cast. The Lanister's castings are just awesome. MW is seriously amazing as Arya though!
4765	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	Maisie is amazing, loooooved when she immediately tried to kill Sandor too.  Arya is my favorite character in both, I'm severely prejudiced but Maisie is killing it.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 29 April 2013 - 07:04 PM.
4766	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-29	Maisie is so good. I mean, she did well in her part at the beginning of the first season, but the way she has gotten better and better is just mind-boggling. How could someone so young be **so good**? Did they know when they first cast her? Was there an inkling even then?
4767	lil_z	2013-04-29	Arya is my favorite arch in the books and series. I had to keep myself from rushing ahead to her Chapters. Specially when I came to a Cersei chapter in aDWD, she just got irritating, "ugh whens the next Arya chapter?!"
4768	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-29	That look of utter defeat and hopelessness on her face as she said her prayer, not one name shorter, was just gut-wrenching. And the whole scene w/ Thoros, Baeric and Arya was so perfect; it was just as good as I remembered it from the book. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />You wouldn't be my family. You'd be milady.Oh yes, that scene was just so powerful. And that line said it all. Both actors gave such pure performances in such a short scene.
					
					
							Edited by PetyrPunkinhead, 29 April 2013 - 08:30 PM.
4769	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	Maisie is so good. I mean, she did well in her part at the beginning of the first season, but the way she has gotten better and better is just mind-boggling. How could someone so young be **so good**? Did they know when they first cast her? Was there an inkling even then?She truthfully amazes me.  And to know this was her first acting gig.  It really is just raw talent with her.
4770	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-30	I see Maisie having a bright future. I was convinced by her eyes watering up. What a fantastic young actress.
4771	Batman	2013-04-30	I didn't choke up!!! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />This test is working already, you cold, cold person. Freud has got nothing on me.
4772	brevator	2013-04-30	Loved that scene, Arya asking if they could bring Ned back...Don't worry Arya, he'll definitely end up re-animating one of your parents.Be careful what you wish for.
4773	Silverx2	2013-04-30	Dinklege and tyrion as a whole has been sort of a let down this season so far.
Maise should be first billed.
Maise for president.
4774	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-04-30	Does anyone else think that in the show at least, Aarya asking Berric to bring back Ned will have a bearing on Berric's eventual decision to bring Catelyn back to life as Uncat?
Just a little line about Aarya before that scene would connect everything nicely
4775	rejndjer	2013-04-30	am i only one who really disapproves of scenes like "i could be your family", also there was some such scene in an episode or 2 before this one that was imo really cheesy and un-arya(no pun intended) done.
4776	Silverx2	2013-04-30	am i only one who really disapproves of scenes like "i could be your family", also there was some such scene in an episode or 2 before this one that was imo really cheesy and un-arya(no pun intended) done.HopefullyA running theme for arya was how much to heart she took Ned's speech about a wolf needing a pack, about how even though she was at odds with her sister(sansa) they needed to stick together because, of course, winter was coming.So when her father is killed, and shes seperated from her sister, she finds her own pack(lommy, hotpie, gendry) these are her pack and as they fall off one by one internally she questions why her pack is falling apart. I think Arya truely believes that gendry could become her family in the same way that she feels that Jon is he true brother, as opposed to how sansa sees Jon, which is more of a cousin.Add to that the fact that at this point Arya in the books has already begun warging into nymeria, and has found and taken control of an actual wolfpack, she feels like she needs to have that strong bond, and every time she gets it, its breaks. Jon heading to teh nights watch, Sending nymeria away, Ned getting killed, Her pack leaving her, and ultimately Sandor dying(or does he, whomp whomp whooooooooooooomp)So no i dont think its cheesy, I think hes wonderful
4777	rejndjer	2013-04-30	yes it's cheesy, coz book arya was pissed off because of such events not whiny and all "i could be your family"
4778	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-30	Maisie is so good. I mean, she did well in her part at the beginning of the first season, but the way she has gotten better and better is just mind-boggling. How could someone so young be **so good**? Did they know when they first cast her? Was there an inkling even then?Well I believe her audition tape is on youtube.
4779	Belisarius09	2013-04-29	The show has taken several liberties with this character. 
First they have developed a relationship between her and Davos.  It appears Shireen, not the maester, will teach Davos how to read and write. 
Secondly, when Stannis entered the room, Shireen was singing songs about birds underwater having scales.  Sound like someone we know?  Where is patchface anyways?  Are these two characters being merged into one?  In book 5, Melisandre believes patchface is evil.  At the same time, Val, believes Shireen is evil.  This merger could go smoothly and stay true (at least in spirit) to the books?  
Thoughts? Discuss.
4780	Red Knight	2013-04-30	loved the show shireen
they've already cut more important characters, so why not patchface
god i hope shireen isn't evil, she's such a nice kid
4781	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-30	I thought val's reaction to her was more of a "she's infected" type thing?
4782	LordStoneheart	2013-04-29	I apologize if exact post is being moderated and posted, My computer had an error with the WiFi right when I meant to post and I couldn't tell if it did. 
So we finally get the introduction of Selyse and Shireen Baratheon...
First of all, I would like to praise the actress playing Shireen. I thought she nailed the part even though she didn't have Patchface to follow her around. And I loved that we are introduced to her singing one of his famous songs. Her Greyscale looked a bit more grotesque than I expected, but that only added to the moment. I really like the Shireen calls Davos the Onion Knight more as as young girl's idol than a mocking title. And I like that she will be the one teaching him to read.
Now... What in Seven Hells was up with Selyse? I know she was a devout Rhllor'er but... Goddamn was this woman creepy. What was the point in her keeping the stillborns in tanks in her bedroom? I did like the subtle nod that when she named them one was Edric, but jeez, it made her look like a complete lunatic. And as for her being more than A-Okay with Stannis getting some hot action (pun intended) I didn't know what to think. I don't remember much of bookSelyse besides her being kind of a diva towards Jon Snow, but I didn't think she was that blatant about her husband's Mel interest. I don't like to judge by looks either, but I wouldn't exactly call the actress playing her beautiful. Is this face similar to the Selyse you pictured? Whenever I read about her mustache I pictured Frida Kahlo. But then again, Robb is very Robbish in the Tully looks and that doesn't matter to me. 
So, thoughts on this very sad Baratheon clan?
4783	Nictarion	2013-04-29	I personally thought they made Shireen much to cheery and happy. Also blonde hair? Selyse was not ugly enough either. Not for how i pictured her with the mustache and all.
4784	Broken Fox	2013-04-29	Selyse wasn't attractive in the slightest. It's no surprise Stannis doesn't see her often. Plus she's out of her fucking mind.
Shireen was fine. The girl's a good actress.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 29 April 2013 - 07:02 PM.
4785	Montey14	2013-04-30	I thought Shireen was very cute and and endearing.... book Shireen is described as very homely getting the worst traits from both parents....I would have loved to seen the Florent ears and Selys's mustache....
4786	TheDarkOne	2013-04-30	Shireen was great, Selyse was awful.
4787	Batman	2013-04-30	The girl was perfect. I am glad they did not make the greyscale as bad as I saw it.
4788	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	The girl was perfect. I am glad they did not make the greyscale as bad as I saw it.My friend pictured it worse too... Maybe I just thought it wasn't that bad because she was a little girl.
4789	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	I thought Shireen's actress did a good job. She came across as fairly happy and an enjoyable kid, but you couldn't help feel bad for her. The scene with Davos was nice.
Selyse just seems like a batshit crazy lady.
4790	Warhawk137	2013-04-30	They should make this into a spin-off sitcom.
I'd watch.
...granted, nobody else probably would.  /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 30 April 2013 - 03:28 AM.
4791	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	They should make this into a spin-off sitcom.I'd watch.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=_it2-b3zV4U
4792	Warhawk137	2013-04-30	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=_it2-b3zV4UNot bad.  Though, mostly I want to hear the laugh track going whenever they walk into the fetus room.
4793	Kobayashi Maru	2013-04-30	Seylise's fetus room reminded me for a sec of Walking Dead and Gov's room with zombie heads in aquarium...
I think they showed us just the most important part of her,she's a religious fanatic and what's unclear in the book(her awareness of her husband's extramarital activities) they used to emphasize just how much she believes in Red God. we know she's the one that truly believes in Mel not Stannis,he's more let's try anything that works to get that throne kind of guy imho. Shireen turned out to be the sanest of the lot. For a sec they looked like the Adams family.
4794	teemo	2013-04-29	Okay, same as always...this is supposed to be a place where you can rant and rant and nitpick about whatever you want; no nitpick is too big or too small. If you hate people criticizing the show, it's probably not a thread for you.I actually found this to be my favorite episode of the season (I think) because so much was ripped straight from the books = always better dialogue.I guess I found the Loras and Oliver thing a little random and weird, kind of a lazy way for the writers to get LF to find out stuff.  Plus, the Loras I knew from the book didn't seem too interested in anyone else shortly after Renly's death.  He seemed miserably cynical.  Once again, not so thrilled with Stannis stuff.  They introduced his family way too late, like they were locked in a dungeon for over a season or something.  Shireen is so cute though.
4795	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-30	-Shireen's hair not being black
-Now moving on and sleeping with someone else is definitely not something out of the ordinary, but it does tarnish Loras' love for Renly, and the whole scene seemed rather rushed and out of character for him, in some ways.
-Tyrion/Olenna was pointless apart from Olenna being awesome.
-Tywin pronouncing it as Tyrell last episode, and TIE-rell this episode. Make up your mind!
-Only one "you know nothing, Jon Snow"
-Dead babies was a bit WTF, but overall I really liked the Stannis/Selyse/Shireen scenes. 
That's all that comes to mind for now, and most of those nitpicks are pretty minor.
4796	The Drunkard	2013-04-30	Loras banging that guy.
Shireen's hair.
The Tyrell's being a lot weaker. Not really a fault, I just thought it's weird they decided to weaken them so much. Why was Renly a threat again?
4797	teemo	2013-04-30	Blah, this is my thread but someone else started it this time, so now there's two I guess /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4798	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-29	So, Shireen is going to help teach Davos how to read. Maybe they stumble upon the letter from the Wall by the end of the season? They would be moving quite quickly if they do...
PS: Shireen is adorable, in a tragic sort of way.
4799	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	PS: Shireen is adorable, in a tragic sort of way.^ Indeed, and a heroine in her own way to be able to smile and come around things albeit of the fate that awaits her thanks to the Greyscale.
4800	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-29	^ Indeed, and a heroine in her own way to be able to smile and come around things albeit of the fate that awaits her thanks to the Greyscale.It's said, granted in the books, than infant greyscale is not necessarily fatal. So I would assume in the TV universe she's not dying, just disfigured.
4801	Lord Godric	2013-04-29	So, Shireen is going to help teach Davos how to read. Maybe they stumble upon the letter from the Wall by the end of the season? They would be moving quite quickly if they do...PS: Shireen is adorable, in a tragic sort of way.I don't think it would be "moving quite quickly."  We know that David and Dan talked about the battle of the Wall during next season, and I don't think it necessarily has to be at the end of the season.  I would be surprised if they use all of next season to finish ASoS, so I imagine the battle will probably be a halfway point thing.
4802	Randyll Tarly	2013-04-29	It's said, granted in the books, than infant greyscale is not necessarily fatal. So I would assume in the TV universe she's not dying, just disfigured.Doesn't 
	Spoiler Jon Connington
 suffers from the same disease?
4803	shiola	2013-04-29	Shireen and Davos being BFF <3
4804	thenedstark	2013-04-29	I thought Davos came out quite well after this scene, admitting his guilt to Shireen and showing his loyalty to Stannis even when imprisoned by him.So, Shireen is going to help teach Davos how to read. Maybe they stumble upon the letter from the Wall by the end of the season? They would be moving quite quickly if they do...Doesn't that happen well at the end of ASOS after
	Spoiler Joff's death?
 If so, not sure if it would make sense to move it to season 3. My guess is that they will eliminate this element entirely and Stannis will learn of situation on the Wall some other way (through Mel maybe?).
4805	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-29	Even though it was all new material the scenes on Dragonstone were some of the best with Stannis and his family/followers so far. They managed to be disturbing and touching at the same time, illustrating perfectly the miserable existence these characters endure on Dragonstone. It's easy to see why they so easily fall under the spell of the Red Woman - she brings some life to the place and distracts them from their depressing lives.Depicting Stannis as wanting to have a connection with his wife may differ from the cold, dismissive Stannis we get in the books, but I enjoyed it anyway. The "sons" in the jars will likely come off as over-the-top to some, but I thought it added a lot to Selyse's character. Again, it was creepy and moving at the same time.  His attempt to see Shireen and offer some parental comfort, and failing miserably, was so Stannis. The guy just can't handle social situations, especially with women.
4806	Eucratides_Megas	2013-04-29	Yeah, I just about teared up at his strained look while getting hugged by his daughter. He wants to show affection he just doesn't know how, and probably never got the chance to learn after his own parents died.He reminded me of a more emotionally isolated Ned in those scenes, even when he told Selyse about his infidelity, a scene no doubt played by Ned with Catelyn many years prior with a different outcome (Catelyn being reserved no doubt, but hardly understanding or accepting).
4807	Mulled Wino	2013-04-29	I cant get over the fetus' hated it.  Stannis is just too soft on tv.  I cant stand it.  He would neverlet selsye keep fetuses.
4808	Areo Speedwagon	2013-04-29	Season 1 - religion/supernatural is experienced through black magic w MMD.  Then dragons are born.  White Walkers open the season, ice zombie in episode 8 (i think).Season 2 - religion/supernatural is experienced mainly through Melisandre.  Shadow baby in episode 4 was a true wtf moment for tv viewers and readers alike.  I deal with Bran later.	 There never seemed to be an underlying belief system or dogma attached to the warlocks, so I count that as a form of black magic.	 White Walkers again early in season 2 and then again to close out the season. 	 But the main religious takeaway from season 2, I think, was the red god. Season 3 - More R'hllor.  Beric, Selyse, Melisandre, and dragons.  I think this is going to be R'hllor's season as well.  I was hoping for more old gods once Jon Snow got in with the Wildlings, but I think I get it now.  We got that giants exist and we just met another warg, so I think they'll continue to establish what the old gods are capable of in the North via the abilities certain humans are able to manifest.  This actually parallels what the showrunners did in season 2.  They introduced the shadow baby and 'crystal ball' fire gazing before they gave us a belief system, which is what I think they will touch on this season with Selyse.  Having two zealots around as important a character as Stannis will afford the opportunity to info dump effectively.  We will see Bran grow stronger and we've seen the remnants of the FotFM battle to remind of the White Walkers. 	 Also, I think this season may end with the KoF - more R'hllor.	 So, again, the main religious takeaway from season 3 is going to be the red god.Season 4 - This is going to be the Old Gods season.  I think Bran will progress in season 3 and we'll probably get a wtf moment out of him then, but the belief system/religion of the old gods will be explored in season 4.     There will obviously still be R'hllor, White Walkers because, you know... ice and fire and that.     Also, I think Qyburn will be peppered through season 3 (like he was last night) to be ready to be revealed for what he truly is in season 4. 	 Lastly, the way the capabilities of R'hllor were shown in 2, then the old gods capabilities were shown in 3, I think, maybe, the drown god's capabilities will be shown in 4.  I'm not sure if we'll meet all three Uncles (In the show it was never established that the man who 'baptized' Theon in season 2 was Aeron, right?  So they could, hypothetically, cast someone else).  I think the way we're going to be introduced to the old gods via the wildlings then realize that Bran is their emissary later, so too I think we'll get introduced maybe to Aeron first to learn about the drown god, then....Season 5 - I think this is going to be the Drown God's season.  I think Martin has something in store for us in the next two books with the drown god.  I read the books once and very fast, but I didn't really walk away thinking about the drown god.  But I noticed the 'histories and lore' of westeros on the box sets deals a fair amount with the Greyjoys and the drown god in the age of heroes.  So maybe we'll learn more about the drown god when Victarion sails to Dany, he'll mention what he's leaving behind and giving up as he accepts the red religion.There are probably chronology issues with this.  I encourage you to point them out to me.
4809	iheartseverus	2013-04-23	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SoemaxLkgRQ
4810	Halfhandyo	2013-04-23	I think there is three stories who are far behind the schedule. Stannis, Robb and Jon. 
Jon, we have had little screentime and dynamic with the three wildlings (Tormund, Orell, Ygritte). Based on promo, there will sex with Ygritte and a converstation with Tormund "I like you boy". Hopefully some dynamic with Orell aswell. I think this episode will be atleast two scenes with Jon Snow. His story has been bleak so far.
Robb, very messy. Most my non-reader friend think his story has been weak. Little feeling of the war, is he winning, loosing, what? Who is his folks? What is he up to? They also need to adress Frey deserting and Karkstark betraly (who is happening this episode, hopefully with execution). They also need some good scenes with him. Make us love him before they kill him off, please! I hope this episode is Robb heavy, atleast 7-8 minutes. 
Stannis, does this have to be even explained? Hopefully some Melissandre free-action at Dragonstone. Introduction of his family, his release of Davos. His speech about his duty (from the trailers. "Great or small, we must do our duty. UNLESS I TRIUMPH") I hope we get this. 
So, yeah. I hope it's filled with these three, as last episode was heavy on Dany and Sam. 
Something we know, Dany and Jon appears. Probably both will be rather short, atleast not longer than 5. Jaime arriving at Harrenhal, and Dany with the Unsullied, maybe some interaction with Barristan or Melissandre. Filler until she reaches Yunkai. 
So, King's Landing. Even tho I'd love a King's Landing free episode to really boost some storylines (hopefully later), it will appear. A meeting with Tyrion, and he will probably be bethroned to Sansa. Hopefully not to much wasted here.
And yes. Arya. Probably only one scene, who I'd guess is the last one. The Hound vs Beric, with his ress. I can't wait.
Anything else who will be in? I'm thinking Theon, Bran and Sam will stay out, and some Kings Landing characters obviously.
4811	Fuse Prime	2013-04-23	I'm just going to take a stab at a couple of the obvious guesses as to what happens this episode. (KBF = literal theme of episode)
-Tormund explains to Jon what the free folk call red heads (KBF)
-Jon and Ygritte's romance starts
-Sandor kills Beric
-Thoros revives Beric (KBF)
-Rob beheads Karstark
-Tyrion and Sansa are betrothed
-Davos!
-Bolton perhaps receives a letter from Tywin?
From the promos it doesn't seem we will be getting any Essos or Bran.  I'm actually glad to see more of the Free Folk and Riverrun.  The return of Davos is refreshing as well.  None of my unsullied friends understand how good THAT storyline gets.  Thoughts?
4812	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-24	I think Dany will meet with Quaithe for some prophecies, that's my feeling. I agree with fuseprime on the other plots.
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 24 April 2013 - 07:41 AM.
4813	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-24	Something we know, Dany and Jon appears. Probably both will be rather short, atleast not longer than 5. Jaime arriving at Harrenhal, and Dany with the Unsullied, maybe some interaction with Barristan or Melissandre. Filler until she reaches Yunkai.It's hardly filler - it will be what was covered in flashback after the sack of Astapor. Particularly interaction with the Unsullied and the election of Grey Worm as their leader, and it also needs to be made clear that Dany's goal now is to march towards Westeros and liberate slaves on the march.I'm pretty sure Jaime's "bath scene" is in this episode too, so he should have a lot of screentime. I'm expecting Jaime, Jon, Cat and Arya's stories to be the main focus of this episode.
4814	Associate Maester	2013-04-24	I doubt we get Davos free this episode.  He is in the dungeons for quite sometime in ASOS. Plus, unless he has a costume switch in this episode the outfits he is wearing are different from the trailer where he is talking to Davos and his outfit this episode. We don't even know for sure if Melisandre has even revealed Stannis' "destiny" to him yet.
4815	Arkash	2013-04-24	I guess we will have just the talk between Stannis and Davos and the freeing will be next episode.
I also guess we will be introduced to Selyse and Shireen... so at least, imo, two Dragonstone scenes.
4816	Dragonstoned	2013-04-24	I doubt we get Davos free this episode.  He is in the dungeons for quite sometime in ASOS. Plus, unless he has a costume switch in this episode the outfits he is wearing are different from the trailer where he is talking to Davos and his outfit this episode. We don't even know for sure if Melisandre has even revealed Stannis' "destiny" to him yet.It looks like Stannis will be revealing his destiny to Davos himself, judging from trailer #2 'the darkness will devour them all, unless I triumph'.  Guess they are making show!Stannis more of a believer.And I've said this for three episodes now but can we finally (!) have something about the Frey reaction to Robb breaking his pact.  Sort of important.
4817	Associate Maester	2013-04-24	I guess we will have just the talk between Stannis and Davos and the freeing will be next episode.I also guess we will be introduced to Selyse and Shireen... so at least, imo, two Dragonstone scenes.Yeah, no clue if there are any Dragonstone scenes in episode 6. I doubt it as we'll have Mel and they've got enough storylines they've got to get moving.  Davos is probably out by episode 8 given his "demand of proof" about something from Melisandre.
4818	Hound Dog	2013-04-24	Robb, very messy. Most my non-reader friend think his story has been weak. Little feeling of the war, is he winning, loosing, what? Who is his folks? What is he up to? They also need to adress Frey deserting and Karkstark betraly (who is happening this episode, hopefully with execution). They also need some good scenes with him. Make us love him before they kill him off, please! I hope this episode is Robb heavy, atleast 7-8 minutes.I agree with you... they've not portrayed Robb's storyline very well. Both he and Catelyn are incredibly annoying to me in the series, and to tell the truth, I can't wait for the RW. It's a pretty big plot point, like you said (the war and all that), but they glide over that in favour of Robb/"Talisa"'s story and Cat's stupid emotional monologues every chapter. If that doesn't get you hating these important characters, I don't know what will.
4819	Associate Maester	2013-04-24	It looks like Stannis will be revealing his destiny to Davos himself, judging from trailer #2 'the darkness will devour them all, unless I triumph'.  Guess they are making show!Stannis more of a believer.And I've said this for three episodes now but can we finally (!) have something about the Frey reaction to Robb breaking his pact.  Sort of important.It doesn't indicate he is any more of a believer from the books, though. That line in the "No Mercy" trailer is a direct quote from the books when he is talking to Davos. We just don't have a conversation between Davos and Mel in the dungeon where Mel reveals some of this stuff. Instead we've got Stannis doing the reveal cutting out Mel.
4820	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-24	Why do entire topics just disappear from these forums? Makes no sense.
4821	Loras	2013-04-24	I would guess that Sam and Theon will sit out during this episode.  Cogman's episodes tend to be quite tight in terms of visiting locations and the stories there.
My guess is that this episode will be bookended with Arya; the opening scene will be the dual and the final scene will be her capture by the Hound.
I am also expecting Shireen to be introduced.  
Jon should get some significant screentime (he really needs it, that storyline has been woefully underdeveloped so far).  i would guess Jaime features heavily too, as the two characters can be compared quite easily.  
I would also guess the Talisa/Robb sex scene is in this episode so that it mirrors the Jon/Ygritte scene.
4822	King Tommen	2013-04-24	I agree with you... they've not portrayed Robb's storyline very well. Both he and Catelyn are incredibly annoying to me in the series, and to tell the truth, I can't wait for the RW. It's a pretty big plot point, like you said (the war and all that), but they glide over that in favour of Robb/"Talisa"'s story and Cat's stupid emotional monologues every chapter. If that doesn't get you hating these important characters, I don't know what will.They are adhering pretty closely to the Robb/Cat story in ASoS.  They hang out at Riverrun and mope about not being able to fight anybody until they go to the Twins. Cat's "emotional monologues" happen in her head in the books, she's pretty forlorn for a large part of her chapters.  Robb's pissed because none of Tywin's armies will engage him and his men are becoming restless and deserting him.  This is all right from the books.  The part that we haven't got to yet is when it appears that Robb gets his mojo back when he finally determines that fighting in the Riverlands is a lost cause and that he needs to retake the North.  That gives him more purpose and you can see it's a goal that definitely achievable. He only needs to attend Edmure's wedding, take whatever insults Walder's going to toss at him and then he can continue on to consolidate his power again. That's what makes the RW so shocking.  You've got Robb in a pretty depressing death spiral for a while which the audience can clearly see in a war that he has very little chance of winning. Then he suddenly realizes this, comes up with a great plan to get out of the crap he's mired in but the events of the RW stop that triumphant return in its tracks.  I don't think at this point in the story, you're supposed to think that Robb is doing great, that little surge of energy that comes from Robb changing his strategy (which ends up being Martin's red herring to throw suspicion off the RW) will come just before Robb makes the trek to the Twins.  Although, based on some previews, I think in the show Robb's change of strategy will be a bold move on Casterly Rock as opposed to retaking the North.  In either case, it's something that will make it look like Robb has purpose again after swimming around aimlessly for the first part of the season.Also, I'm not sure how anyone could say they're concentrating on Talisa this season when she's been more or less been reduced to a background figure. Robb and Cat are the focal points of the story.
4823	Hound Dog	2013-04-24	They are adhering pretty closely to the Robb/Cat story in ASoS.  They hang out at Riverrun and mope about not being able to fight anybody until they go to the Twins. Cat's "emotional monologues" happen in her head in the books, she's pretty forlorn for a large part of her chapters.  Robb's pissed because none of Tywin's armies will engage him and his men are becoming restless and deserting him.  This is all right from the books.  The part that we haven't got to yet is when it appears that Robb gets his mojo back when he finally determines that fighting in the Riverlands is a lost cause and that he needs to retake the North.  That gives him more purpose and you can see it's a goal that definitely achievable. He only needs to attend Edmure's wedding, take whatever insults Walder's going to toss at him and then he can continue on to consolidate his power again.That's what makes the RW so shocking.  You've got Robb in a pretty depressing death spiral for a while which the audience can clearly see in a war that he has very little chance of winning. Then he suddenly realizes this, comes up with a great plan to get out of the crap he's mired in but the events of the RW stop that triumphant return in its tracks.  I don't think at this point in the story, you're supposed to think that Robb is doing great, that little surge of energy that comes from Robb changing his strategy (which ends up being Martin's red herring to throw suspicion off the RW) will come just before Robb makes the trek to the Twins.  Although, based on some previews, I think in the show Robb's change of strategy will be a bold move on Casterly Rock as opposed to retaking the North.  In either case, it's something that will make it look like Robb has purpose again after swimming around aimlessly for the first part of the season.Also, I'm not sure how anyone could say they're concentrating on Talisa this season when she's been more or less been reduced to a background figure. Robb and Cat are the focal points of the story.Hmm, after reading this I have to say you're quite right. Sorry, it's been quite a while since I read ASOS and every point you made, now that I think about it, is absolutely correct.  :-/ You know... I never liked Cat's chapters at all, nor did I ever care much for Robb in the books. I guess this dislike is just amplified when I watch the show. The woman playing Cat is pretty good, but I don't really like the guy who plays Robb. I'm not even sure what it is I dislike about it. Perhaps because he's too aged, and takes away some of the impressiveness of his strength as a young commander and then later king.And you're also right about Talisa. I should've been more clear. Last season (for me) there was too much of a focus on Robb's relationship with her... there hasn't been a lot of that this season at all.Good points. My bad /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4824	WheelofIceandFire	2013-04-24	Really looking forward to the Hound vs Beric, and hope we get to see Arya attempt to kill the Hound after he wins. I just have a feeling that it may turn some viewers against Arya. Everyone seems to love the Hound (as do i) and he isnt as dark as he is in the books so some people may not like the fact that Arya really wants him dead. But then again, Maisie's performance looks great in the next episode so that will propably help people side with Arya /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Ive seen people say that Jaime is still a horrible person because he crippled Bran, but the Hound was just following orders when he killed Mycah, so that makes him okay. That just makes me laugh /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by WheelofIceandFire, 24 April 2013 - 11:41 AM.
4825	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-24	but the Hound was just following orders when he killed Mycah, so that makes him okay. That just makes me laugh /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Most of the people at court in Nuremberg in 1946 used that excuse too /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
4826	Dragonstoned	2013-04-24	It doesn't indicate he is any more of a believer from the books, though. That line in the "No Mercy" trailer is a direct quote from the books when he is talking to Davos. We just don't have a conversation between Davos and Mel in the dungeon where Mel reveals some of this stuff. Instead we've got Stannis doing the reveal cutting out Mel.Not exactly a direct quote, Stannis tells Davos in ASoS 'the darkness will devour them all she says' with reference to Mel; difficult to tell because of the collaging but from the trailer it sounds so far like he is saying it himself.  As for 'unless I triumph' I can't find that in the books.  If Stannis does not refer the idea to Mel but says it himself then that makes him more of a believer - he's no longer just going along with stuff she says but appears to think it too.Depends what the line in the episode is like as sentences often end up in a different order when cut and pasted into the trailers or previews.
4827	Colonel Green	2013-04-24	I'm kind of confused about the Tyrion/Sansa implications in the promo, becaue the description for episode 6 made it sound like that was when Tywin started making his plans.
4828	BastardSnow	2013-04-24	Jaime is a twin sister smasher that spawned the incestuous demon child Joeffrey. He's also a King slayer and hooking up with the King's wife. Everything that goes against being a King's guard. Not to mention he threw a child out the window that started the war between the North and Westeros. Love how book nerds feel as if they are so enlightened and are extremely defensive about Jaime's and Theon's characters. Jaime was quite possibly one of the biggest douchebags early on in the books. I like his redemption but in order for those changes to take place he needed to learn the hard lessons that made him a changed man. Theon being remorseful also doesn't change the fact that he tried to sack and rule Winterfell.
4829	Akal Colzet	2013-04-24	I eagerly await this for one and one reason only. The Hound.
4830	protar	2013-04-24	I'm thinking that Sam and Theon will sit out this episode, leaving us with:KLDanyAryaJaimeRiverlandsDragonstoneJonBranI hope that Jon, Bran and Dragonstone will be the focus plots this week as they're the three stories that have been most neglected. It seems like I'll get my wish with Jon, but it's not even guaranteed Bran will be in this episode. Could we at least get the KOTLT?
4831	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-24	I'm thinking that Sam and Theon will sit out this episode, leaving us with:KLDanyAryaJaimeRiverlandsDragonstoneJonBranI hope that Jon, Bran and Dragonstone will be the focus plots this week as they're the three stories that have been most neglected. It seems like I'll get my wish with Jon, but it's not even guaranteed Bran will be in this episode. Could we at least get the KOTLT?I don't know that Bran will get much (or any) focus, but I agree that Jon and Dragonstone should be (and look to be) focused on in this episode. On the "Previously On" for episode four, we see a scene from season two where Stannis and Melisandre are discussing his wife, so I'm thinking we'll meet Selyse and Shireen Baratheon this episode. Based on the preview, we'll also see Davos again, so that means we'll get at least two scenes at Dragonstone. I also don't think Theon will be in this episode. So a large focus on Jon, Dragonstone, and Riverrun is what I'm expecting, as well as a short sequence with Dany, Jaime & Brienne, and Arya (I think we'll get the duel between Beric and the Hound, the subsequent resurrection of Beric, and that'll probably be it). Cogman also just mentioned that Sansa has a somewhat 'significant' scene (conjecture on my part, as he mentions that it had to be re-written several times, which could also be an effect of removing Dontos from her story line [or re-inserting him, as D&D recently mentioned that we haven't seen the last of him]) added to this episode in editing, so we can expect some follow-up to the betrothal of Sansa & Loras. Some big moments in this episode, and it'll be good to spend some time on the less developed story lines of the season, as well.
4832	King Tommen	2013-04-24	It's hard with the Stannis story because there is not a whole lot of material to work with.  The burning of the leeches is the most significant thing that happens this season with him and we've got to wait for Melisandre to get to Gendry in order to ramp any of that up.  Stannis more or less mopes around by himself in Dragonstone for the better part of the next two seasons which is far from compelling television.
Bran's stuff has to be stretched too in order to match up with Sam and Jon's timelines.  Even Jon doesn't really do anything overly important until they scale the Wall.
The best thing about getting past the first couple episodes this season is that there is at least 1 (and often 2 or 3) major setpieces that occur every episode from here on out.  E3 finished off with Jaime losing his hand, E4 had Dracarys and Craster's Mutiny, E5 will have Hound vs Beric, Jon and Ygritte in the cave and the Karstark execution.  E6 will have the Wildlings and Jon climbing the Wall, E7 has Brienne in the Bear Pit and Sam the Slayer, E8 is the Tyrion/Sansa wedding, the burning of the leeches and the intro of Coldhands, E9 of course is the RW and E10 has (probably) Dany liberating Yunkai, Balon's death (maybe), Jon escaping Queenscrown and getting back to the Wall and (probably) Beric giving Cat the kiss of life.
4833	pntrlqst	2013-04-24	The recap shows the scene where the small council w/ Ned discuss Jorah being a spy. Wonder what that's all about.
4834	iheartseverus	2013-04-24	The recap shows the scene where the small council w/ Ned discuss Jorah being a spy. Wonder what that's all about.Can you link it here?
4835	pntrlqst	2013-04-24	Can you link it here?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Iik_3Kcjd5o
4836	waaimasjien	2013-04-24	Seems Jorahs betrayal is going to be a thing in episode 5 then...
4837	Dysun	2013-04-24	Think we might get a Barristan/Jorah scene where he drops a hint about that
4838	Talbot	2013-04-24	I hope we see Jorah kiss Dany before the betrayal
4839	Joyful Union	2013-04-24	Seems Jorahs betrayal is going to be a thing in episode 5 then...It seems too early though...Maybe it will only be hinted at? Or it will be an invented scene, between Barristan and Jorah perhaps?
4840	JonDunn	2013-04-24	is that the recap that will be shown before episode 5?  Because if so we should expect a lot of Stannis/Davos stuff.
If I have to pick one storyline to get more focus it's Jon.  I realize it is expensive to film in Iceland, maybe they can film more scenes in tents or something, I don't know, but Jon needs to be more fleshed out, for as important as he is to the overall arc of the series I feel like most non-readers don't really care that much about his story.
4841	Woel	2013-04-24	is that the recap that will be shown before episode 5?  Because if so we should expect a lot of Stannis/Davos stuff.If I have to pick one storyline to get more focus it's Jon.  I realize it is expensive to film in Iceland, maybe they can film more scenes in tents or something, I don't know, but Jon needs to be more fleshed out, for as important as he is to the overall arc of the series I feel like most non-readers don't really care that much about his story.I think the reason is not 'expensiveness' but rather the many practical difficulties (e.g. harsh weather, sparse daylight) that comes with shooting in Iceland. Likely, his story will get more fleshed out south of the wall when his scenes are filmed in Northern Ireland.
4842	King Tommen	2013-04-24	I think the reason is not 'expensiveness' but rather the many practical difficulties (e.g. harsh weather, sparse daylight) that comes with shooting in Iceland. Likely, his story will get more fleshed out south of the wall when his scenes are filmed in Northern Ireland.They also had to shoot around Kit Harrington's broken ankle this season too.  It probably is partially why the Iceland scenes are almost exclusively a group of people standing around and talking.
4843	Loras	2013-04-24	I assume that the clip is the 'previously' section shown before Episode 5.
It looks like the plot between the Lannisters and Tyrells is about to ramp up in KL.  Poor Sansa /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I'm certain that we will finally meet Shireen and Selyse!  I can't believe quite how excited I am about that!
Over on WiC there is an interview with Bryan Cogman.  It looks like Dany was originally due to sit this episode out, but scenes got pushed forward from Episode 6.  I guess they really want to round off the Astapor stuff before moving on.
He also indicates that there will be a scene between Orell and Jon in this episode.  That makes 'three' Jon scenes - though the Tormund/Orell scenes will probably be back to back.
4844	Dragonstoned	2013-04-24	Yep, Jorah getting rumbled looks like.
also: Ned /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 24 April 2013 - 04:23 PM.
4845	King Tommen	2013-04-24	I love those "previously on" clips, they are clear indicators that "yep, we're going to be talking about this next...":
I can see from one promo, that they'll be introducing Grey Worm so I would think that the stuff about Jorah betraying Dany would be more hinted at during a Barristan/Jorah exchange than the outing to Dany.  It's far too early, Jorah is sitting with Dany in shots from later in the season when she meets with Daario and company and he's shown fighting at Yunkai with the rest of Dany's crew (and that's probably in the finale) so he's still her faithful servant through this season at least.
Jaime and Brienne probably aren't in the episode too much, they'll get to Harrenhal, be presented to Roose and I would imagine the bath scene occurs as well.
I think they'll have to get back to Bran for something at least since they've barely checked in with them through the first 4 episodes.  I have no idea what that content might be though.  Maybe Bran and Jojen stare lovingly into each other's eyes for 3 minutes to continue their courtship.
Jon should get a good amount of screentime.  I predict separate scenes with Tormund, Orell and Ygritte (leading to the cave and Jon's long-awaited boner-time fun).
We should be getting the intro of Selyse and Shireen which should be nice.  As well, a scene with Stannis and Davos in the dungeon.
Robb will finally get something to do in what should be a fairly dramatic scene.  You'll have Karstark murdering the little boys and Robb executing him in the rain reluctantly.  He also appears to be coming up with a war strategy (maybe it's the "raid Casterly Rock" plan which we've seen in other promos).
LF will leave, Sansa will tell him she wants to stay. The Lannisters will uncover the Loras betrothal plot (maybe LF tells them before he goes) and do some scheming themselves.  I don't think that Tyrion will be told what's going to happen to him at this point, it seems too early for that.
Doubtful there's any Sam.
4846	KoishNoish	2013-04-24	Judging by the preview I'm assuming we're going to see the following;
1) Beric vs The Hound (Oh yes!)
2) Jamie handed over to Bolton (That should be interesting especially for those who haven't read the books)
3) Robb facing off against Jon Umber (Discontent grows now)
4) Tywin betroths Tyrion to Sansa (Or so I'm assuming)
5) Jon and Ygritte /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
6) Davos (since Mel is gone I assume he's gonna have a conversation with Stannis)
Then there's what we can gather from the recap video;
7) Flashback all the way to Season 1 when Robert wanted Dany dead and Ned refused to have any part in it. By the sounds of it Jorah is about to get a royal bollocking.
8) Something about Willam and Martin Lannister with Robb, not sure what though.
That's the events I predict from the preview and recap. It'll be hard to top last weeks episode (one of the best so far IMO, love Varys to bits) but this episode is packing heat too. So far I think Robb's been left out this series but it looks like he'll get his screen time this episode. I don't think we'll be getting any Theon or Sam and no Mel. Maybe an introduction to Stannis's wife and child though? Anyway that's what I predict.
4847	Mordos_Kull	2013-04-24	I would have thought that the next best thing to do with Bran's story is simply do the first Bran chapter from SOS where he is dreaming that he is a wolf, and Jojen pesters him about loosing control of himself and giving in to the inner wolf.
I understand that it would end up being a dreamfest for Bran this series, but it's all important for where his character goes, as they don't really do anything interest outside of the dreams until they bump into Sam
If anything it would give us some more Wolf coverage, as that seems to be lacking somewhat. I keep forgetting they exist.
					
					
							Edited by Mordos_Kull, 24 April 2013 - 06:06 PM.
4848	Khal Vader	2013-04-24	Here is what we know for sure:
Beric vs, The Hound
Jon shows Ygritte the Lord's Kiss
Robb makes battle plan to take back the North (or take Casterly Rock as some have speculated)
Jaime arrives at Harrenhal
Karstark kill the Lannister boys
Tywin learns of the Sansa/Loras wedding plans and makes his counter plan
Davos in the dungeon
Grey Worm is introduced and appointed Commander
Jon and Orell scene (confirmed by writer Bryan Cogman himself)
I'll add that while nothing in the episode 5 preview shows Bran, I sure he will make an appearance. Bryan Cogman focus' on Stannis/Mel/Davos, Arya, and Bran, so I can't imagine an episode written by him that does not include one of him characters.
Other possible things we might see.
Introduction of Qyburn. Jaime throwing his head back in pain tells me this is him getting his infected stump cleaned by the former maester.
Bath scene with Jaime and Brienne
Karstark executed
Knight of the Laughing Tree (more of a wish)
4849	Bestkeptsecret	2013-04-24	I would have thought that the next best thing to do with Bran's story is simply do the first Bran chapter from SOS where he is dreaming that he is a wolf, and Jojen pesters him about loosing control of himself and giving in to the inner wolf.I understand that it would end up being a dreamfest for Bran this series, but it's all important for where his character goes, as they don't really do anything interest outside of the dreams until they bump into SamIf anything it would give us some more Wolf coverage, as that seems to be lacking somewhat. I keep forgetting they exist.The Knight of the Laughing Tree is one of the biggest chapters of intrest in book 3 IMO. The show probably doesn't agree... but I bet Ned Stark would...
4850	Newstar	2013-04-24	Cogman also just mentioned that Sansa has a somewhat 'significant' scene (conjecture on my part, as he mentions that it had to be re-written several times, which could also be an effect of removing Dontos from her story line [or re-inserting him, as D&D recently mentioned that we haven't seen the last of him]) added to this episode in editing, so we can expect some follow-up to the betrothal of Sansa & Loras.That's not exactly what he said, though, assuming we're referencing the same thing (Bryan Cogman's interview with WIC.net). This is the quote:And in every episode there<U+0080><U+0099>s a scene or storyline I have a helluva time working out. That stuff is usually written in a mad frenzy, late at night, the night before it<U+0080><U+0099>s due. For 305, it was a particular Sansa scene (that was largely rewritten anyway due to a production issue<U+0080> oh, well.)He mentions that it was mostly rewritten due to a "production issue." Not quite sure what that means. Maybe it couldn't be shot the way it was written, or something like that. I'm guessing this is the scene from the 3x05 promo where Sansa is looking away from Littlefinger's ship (with the mockingbird on its sail).I don't know that we can assume that the scene is significant because it had to be (mostly) rewritten due a to production issue. I mean, heck, it might be, but there's nothing in the quote to indicate that.I'm kind of confused about the Tyrion/Sansa implications in the promo, becaue the description for episode 6 made it sound like that was when Tywin started making his plans.Yup, but the line about the plot and acting first from Tywin in a conversation with Tywin, Tyrion and Cersei, Tyrion's somewhat alarmed "You can't mean it," and a quick cut to Sansa (watching a ship with a big old mockingbird painted on its sail) can only mean one thing.There's a Tywin/Olenna scene in 3x06 (the scene from the featurette where Olenna snaps his quill pen in half), so maybe the "Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters" bit from 3x06 could reference that, and not the conversation where Tywin tells Cersei and Tyrion of his plans. (Sometimes these synopsis lines reference single scenes rather than multiple scenes.) I'm guessing he tells Olenna she can't have Sansa but she can have Cersei for Loras--"unions" implies Tyrion/Sansa and Loras/Cersei--and Olenna is understandably not thrilled with this information.In the 3x05 ep description: The Hound is judged by the gods; Jaime is judged by men. Jon proves himself; Robb  is betrayed. Tyrion learns the cost of weddings.In the 3x05 promo, we have the following scenes/plotlines:-Jon/Tormund, Jon/Ygritte in the cave-Sansa watching Littlefinger's ship arrive/leave?-Tywin/Tyrion/Cersei and the Tyrion/Sansa marriage (and likely the Loras/Cersei marriage as well)-Hound vs. Beric-Dany meeting Grey Worm-Shireen hugging Stannis (d'awwww)-Davos in a cell-Roose/Jaime/Brienne at Harrenhal-Rickard (and Robb's execution of Rickard)-Robb brooding sexily over maps-Jaime's wound being cauterized (by Qyburn)In the "recap" (the "previouslys" shown before Episode 5), we have the following:-Cersei telling Tywin the Tyrells are a problem, Sansa and Margaery discussing a possible marriage to Loras-Melisandre talking about Selyse, Stannis ordering Davos' imprisonment-Rickard saying he wants his vengeance, Robb and Edmure discussing the Lannister hostages-Locke threatening to take Jaime's other hand-Varys explaining that Jorah is a spy-Hound/Beric-Dany and the UnsulliedSo if I cobble together what's going on in Episode 5 from the above and throw in my own speculation, this is what I've got:Jon: Jon/Tormund, Jon/YgritteJaime: Jaime and Brienne arrive at Harrenhal, Jaime's wound is cauterized, possibly the bath sceneRobb/Cat: brooding (sexily) over maps, discovery of Rickard's murder of the Lannister hostages and execution of RickardKL: Tyrion might have a scene with Olenna about financing Joffrey and Margaery's wedding (there was a scene in one of the making-of featurettes, where Tyrion says "We're at war" to Olenna, possibly referencing the "Tyrion learns the cost of weddings" line over and above the scene with Tyrion/Tywin/Cersei), Sansa refuses to leave KL with Littlefinger, Tywin discovers Loras/Sansa plot (through...someone?), Tywin tells Tyrion and Cersei of his planned betrothals for themDany: Dany meets Grey Worm, Jorah is outed as a spyArya: Hound/Beric trial by combat, I think Cogman said that Arya has "scenes" not just the one sceneDavos: Stannis/Selyse/Shireen, Stannis visits Davos in his cellTheon/Bran/Sam: sit this one out?It seems like a pretty packed episode, as usual.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 24 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
4851	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-25	IRobb, very messy. Most my non-reader friend think his story has been weak. Little feeling of the war, is he winning, loosing, what? Who is his folks? What is he up to? They also need to adress Frey deserting and Karkstark betraly (who is happening this episode, hopefully with execution). They also need some good scenes with him. Make us love him before they kill him off, please! I hope this episode is Robb heavy, atleast 7-8 minutes.Yes,  Robb needs some more screentime before the Red Wedding episode. I'm disappointed so far, I thought that S3 would contain a bit more Robb since it is his the last season anyway.I also hope there will be some focus on Jon. While his storyline is not my favourite, I do agree that he as a character should be more fleshed out.
4852	Joyful Union	2013-04-25	Dany: Dany meets Grey Worm, Jorah is outed as a spyI don't think he will be outed to Dany just yet. I think its more likely that Barristan will drop a hint, or that there will be an Invented scene where Barristan confronts Jorah.
4853	sati	2013-04-25	I don't think he will be outed to Dany just yet. I think its more likely that Barristan will drop a hint, or that there will be an Invented scene where Barristan confronts Jorah.I think they will reveal Jorah as spy in season 4.
4854	Khal Vader	2013-04-25	Jorah's expulsion came while at Meereen, so yeah, that will probably be next season.
4855	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-25	The trailers have also shown a scene where Littlefinger and Varys are in the throne room together, so I expect that to take place this episode before he departs for the Eyrie.
4856	ebevan91	2013-04-25	Did Jorah ever learn of his father's death in ASoS?
Could that "previously on..." scene be an indicator that someone will send him a message saying his father died?
4857	Dragonstoned	2013-04-25	Did Jorah ever learn of his father's death in ASoS?Could that "previously on..." scene be an indicator that someone will send him a message saying his father died?I hope they have him find out, it would make up a bit for the no last words.Agree with whoever says it might just be Barristan confronting Jorah about it, rather than Dany finding out.
4858	Slingingstones	2013-04-25	I paused the preview @ 0:30 and see Gendry struggling to hold back a screaming Arya right before/during the Hound v. Dondarion match.  Should be very interesting ep.
4859	King Tommen	2013-04-25	I hope they have him find out, it would make up a bit for the no last words.Agree with whoever says it might just be Barristan confronting Jorah about it, rather than Dany finding out.No one who has the ability to send that message out will have it for quite some time.  News takes a long time to travel from Beyond the Wall, let alone across the Narrow Sea.  If Jorah were ever to hear about Jeor's death, realistically it wouldn't be for another season at least.  Look how long it took for Dany to find out that Robert was dead...
4860	BananaSpice	2013-04-25	Will Jorah kiss Dany in this episode? That's a kiss by fire, right!??!
4861	Dragonstoned	2013-04-25	No one who has the ability to send that message out will have it for quite some time.  News takes a long time to travel from Beyond the Wall, let alone across the Narrow Sea.  If Jorah were ever to hear about Jeor's death, realistically it wouldn't be for another season at least.  Look how long it took for Dany to find out that Robert was dead...I know it's not realistic, but the show could dispense with that to provide good drama.  I'm not knocking the show (Littlefinger teleportation device bla bla) just saying it has other concerns.Will Jorah kiss Dany in this episode? That's a kiss by fire, right!??!Good point!
4862	Loras	2013-04-25	Will Jorah kiss Dany in this episode? That's a kiss by fire, right!??! Surely that is just asking to be in "The Bear and the Maiden Fair" - no?
4863	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-25	Can't wait for this episode. More excited for it than episode 4 even!The trailers have also shown a scene where Littlefinger and Varys are in the throne room together, so I expect that to take place this episode before he departs for the Eyrie.Ooh, do you know which trailer?
4864	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-25	Cogman also just mentioned that Sansa has a somewhat 'significant' scene (conjecture on my part, as he mentions that it had to be re-written several times, which could also be an effect of removing Dontos from her story line [or re-inserting him, as D&D recently mentioned that we haven't seen the last of him]) added to this episode in editing, so we can expect some follow-up to the betrothal of Sansa & Loras.Well I'm guessing LF quits KL Some time between Tyrion/Sansa betrothal and wedding. Bolton marches from Harrenhal to go to the RW at some point, meaning LF can go and ostensibly set up house in Harrenhal.Once LF leaves he needs someone to be a messenger boy with Sansa, no way LF would trust Ros with that job as she's too smart for such a role, and her supposed loyalty as a Northerner isn;t strong enough for her not to betray Sansa . Dontos owes Sansa his life. I think the sequencing should re-introduce Dontos in the king's fool context (possibly at the S&T wedding), and then make contact with Sansa about getting her out of the city after that.
4865	tito5601	2013-04-25	i hope they mention the freys this episode and how they deserted robb for marrying talisa maybe in ep 6 or ep 7 the freys can meet up with robb and propose a wedding i think it should have already been done but better late than never
4866	Woel	2013-04-25	i hope they mention the freys this episode and how they deserted robb for marrying talisa maybe in ep 6 or ep 7 the freys can meet up with robb and propose a wedding i think it should have already been done but better late than never I can't remember - was there actually anything shown about the Freys' reaction to Robb marrying Talisa last season?
4867	jarl the climber	2013-04-25	I can't remember - was there actually anything shown about the Freys' reaction to Robb marrying Talisa last season?Cat said they would be mad in the last episode of season 2. We see Tywin writing letters all the time but unless you read the books you probaly do not see the signifigance of this. We are halfway into season 3 and other than Karstarks telling Robb that he lost the war when he married whats her name, it has not come up really.
4868	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-25	I paused the preview @ 0:30 and see Gendry struggling to hold back a screaming Arya right before/during the Hound v. Dondarion match.  Should be very interesting ep.I think Arya screaming will be her reaction to whatever 
	Spoiler  The Hound says after he "kills" Beric. 

					
					
							Edited by Tom son of Tom, 25 April 2013 - 07:09 PM.
4869	pntrlqst	2013-04-25	I think Arya screaming will be her reaction to whatever 
	Spoiler  The Hound says after he "kills" Beric. 
Yes. That's what happens in the book."You killed Mycah," she said once more, daring him to deny it. "Tell them. You did. You did.""I did." His whole face twisted. "I rode him down and cut him in half, and laughed. I watched them beat your sister bloody too, watched them cut your father's head off."Lem grabbed her wrist and twisted, wrenching the dagger away. She kicked at him, but he would not give it back. "You go to hell, Hound," she screamed at Sandor Clegane in helpless empty-handed rage. "You just go to hell!"
					
					
							Edited by pntrlqst, 25 April 2013 - 07:18 PM.
4870	Dove	2013-04-25	Got chills from Maisie's delivery of the line in that trailer. Are we getting the Robb and Karstark stuff this episode too? And some Roose? Aww, yeah.
4871	shavedquaithe	2013-04-26	The blurb that appears on my electronic TV guide on my cable box (in Australia) says:"S3, E5. Kissed By Fire: The Hound is judged by the gods while Jaime is judged by men. Jon proves himself and Robb is betrayed. Tyrion learns the cost of weddings."
4872	BlueDragon	2013-04-26	Hmm, after reading this I have to say you're quite right. Sorry, it's been quite a while since I read ASOS and every point you made, now that I think about it, is absolutely correct.  :-/You know... I never liked Cat's chapters at all, nor did I ever care much for Robb in the books. I guess this dislike is just amplified when I watch the show. The woman playing Cat is pretty good, but I don't really like the guy who plays Robb. I'm not even sure what it is I dislike about it. Perhaps because he's too aged, and takes away some of the impressiveness of his strength as a young commander and then later king.Richard Marsden  is 26 years old and  I can guaratee you that he is being kept arounnd for his appeal to a wride range of women.
4873	Gendels Children	2013-04-26	so firstly we see the awesome flaming sword fight between Beric and the Hound will be taking place.
Jaime arrives at Harren Hall.
we see that the Karstarks down fall has begain, perhaps the first Robb scene will inform us the murder of the Lannister boys has taken place over the night, we see Robb concuding that he will have to kill Rickard, we then see Cat, not-Jeyne and various other Tully family members lined up, most likely to witness the sentance being carried out.
Tywin disgucing plans with Cercei and Tyrion, by the looks plotting something.
sansa watching some ships, maybe we will see some thing between her and LF, or the begining of her unknowingly preparing for her own wedding.
Robb taking tactics.
some conversation between Jon and Tormund, from what i can gather from various trailers it might go down kinds like this. Orell is talking with Jon (being a rude prick most like) maybe they get to arguing, then Tormund interupts, he asks Jon "hoe many men remain as castle black?" Jons says "a thousand" Orell calls him a liar. Ygrittes all like no hes not, Orell argues that she only trust him because she wants to sleep with him. perhaps they argue somemore Tormund tells jon he likes him but will gut him if hes lying. and Jon is all like /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
people burst through a door, maybe this is a theon scene, they look kinda like the men torturing him.
Davos looks around, this will be him in his cell, maybe the part when Stannis come in and gives him his speak about every man great or small doing their duty.
Jaime screaming in pain, this scene i thought (when first seeing it on a trailer) would have been the scene when his hand gets chopped off. but now it is most like to be Qyburn cleaning his wound and burning parts of his flesh, which as we know was quite painful for him.
then we have Y&J in the cave kissing, Jon looks to be pulling away, but not for long i think. from other vis ive seen, it looks like she tricks him into following her into the cave by stealing LongClaw and making him chase her.
then we have Dany, looks like the unsullied choosing GreyWorm as their commander.
Dany pull dramatic face.
we see Stannis, looks like the same scene with him talking with Davos in the cells.
Jon running... i dont know why, but it looks hard to do in the snow and with all them furs on :/.
Tormund getting up.
Arya screamig BURN IN HELL. after Beric gets all sliced and the Hound is allowd ro go free, i hope they will show her trying to pull a knife on him, maybe thats why Gendry seems to be tackling her to the ground.
and we end with the clashing of Berics firey word and the Hounds own word..
should be pretty good ep, i my self have been looking forward to the cave scene and B&H for some time
4874	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-26	Is anybody else hoping that they DON'T have Jaime tell Brienne why he killed Aerys in this episode? It just seems like they're rushing through his arc way too quickly, especially since the bear pit scene is in episode 7. The synopsis for episode 6 states that Roose decides what to do with Jaime in that episode, thus giving them time to put his confession in episode 6 instead. I think if they show Qyburn treating his wounds, and a conversation between Jaime and Roose, that should be enough for this episode.
4875	ebevan91	2013-04-26	Is anybody else hoping that they DON'T have Jaime tell Brienne why he killed Aerys in this episode? It just seems like they're rushing through his arc way too quickly, especially since the bear pit scene is in episode 7. The synopsis for episode 6 states that Roose decides what to do with Jaime in that episode, thus giving them time to put his confession in episode 6 instead. I think if they show Qyburn treating his wounds, and a conversation between Jaime and Roose, that should be enough for this episode.I hope they do it this episode or the next. What would be even better is a flashback, but we'll just get the oral version most likely.
4876	Dragonstoned	2013-04-26	Is anybody else hoping that they DON'T have Jaime tell Brienne why he killed Aerys in this episode? It just seems like they're rushing through his arc way too quickly, especially since the bear pit scene is in episode 7. The synopsis for episode 6 states that Roose decides what to do with Jaime in that episode, thus giving them time to put his confession in episode 6 instead. I think if they show Qyburn treating his wounds, and a conversation between Jaime and Roose, that should be enough for this episode.I think it will likely be Qyburn, bathhouse and Aerys this episode, conversation with Roose next (really looking forward to this), before departure and obvs bear pit in ep7.  They've already kinda started his redemption arc early with the 'we don't get to choose who we love', but yeah I wish they would hold back slightly, the two big redemption arcs (Jaime and Theon) have been frontloaded a bit.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 April 2013 - 07:38 AM.
4877	Hound Dog	2013-04-26	Richard Marsden  is 26 years old and  I can guaratee you that he is being kept arounnd for his appeal to a wride range of women.Ha, there's absolutely no doubt on that....The same goes for the actor playing Jorah Mormont. He's much too sexy. Although I think the actor's doing a fantastic job in the role. A+.
4878	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-26	Ooh, do you know which trailer? I think it was one of the Critics trailers. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4879	Im With Stannis	2013-04-26	I agree this episode needs more Stannis and Robb. I'm looking forward to the duel b/t Beric and the Hound. I know its early yet, but I'm waiting for Robb to declare Jon Snow a legitimate Stark and his rightful heir. This episode might be a good time to put that in. I REALLY hope they don't omit this. It could be huge later on. Even if it doesn't matter, it's still a huge plot point and tv-viewers are smart enough to understand what this means.
					
					
							Edited by Im With Stannis, 26 April 2013 - 10:23 AM.
4880	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-26	I think it was one of the Critics trailers. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes! I found it! I need this scene to be good. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=zawRWvmI8Oc
4881	Gendels Children	2013-04-26	i was wondering in the first couple of eps of season 3, exactly when they would introduce Dalla and Val, i guess its too late now given Jon and Co have now split ways from Mance. really hoped it would have happened before this ep but oh well, i just hope they do keep them in the story line.
4882	Joey Beers	2013-04-26	Yes,  Robb needs some more screentime before the Red Wedding episode. I'm disappointed so far, I thought that S3 would contain a bit more Robb since it is his the last season anyway.I also hope there will be some focus on Jon. While his storyline is not my favourite, I do agree that he as a character should be more fleshed out.I feel as though Robb's story line in the books conveyed a similar feeling to the tv version. Although, it is of course not the same, the feeling I remember having reading the books early on was similar in that I just knew Robb had to play an important role. Young King, military wunderkind, out for revenge. We find him kind of waiting around a lot, which makes you think his story is going to pick up and lead to glory. That is why the RW came as such a shock.As far as Jon goes, I've always loved his chapters in the books. His development in the show however has been pretty slow.
4883	Dragonstoned	2013-04-26	Yes! I found it! I need this scene to be good.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=zawRWvmI8OcMore RW scenes, Cat slapping a Frey at 0:24 sheeeeit.
4884	Joyful Union	2013-04-26	people burst through a door, maybe this is a theon scene, they look kinda like the men torturing him.I'm fairly sure that that will be the scene where Karstark murders the Lannister boys. Theon is going to sit this one out.
4885	'96Buck	2013-04-26	Really looking forward to the Hound vs Beric, and hope we get to see Arya attempt to kill the Hound after he wins. I just have a feeling that it may turn some viewers against Arya. Everyone seems to love the Hound (as do i) and he isnt as dark as he is in the books so some people may not like the fact that Arya really wants him dead. But then again, Maisie's performance looks great in the next episode so that will propably help people side with Arya /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ive seen people say that Jaime is still a horrible person because he crippled Bran, but the Hound was just following orders when he killed Mycah, so that makes him okay. That just makes me laugh /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Within the cultural context, the Hound as a sworn sword IS completely in bounds to do anything to a commoner while acting on Baratheo-Lannister orders.  Jaime is, however, out of bounds as a knight to murder a son of a high Lord, especially when he's doing it to cover up his own capital crime.
4886	'96Buck	2013-04-26	I'm fairly sure that that will be the scene where Karstark murders the Lannister boys. Theon is going to sit this one out.Yep, we need that now...poor Lannister kids only lived 2 episodes...
4887	ebevan91	2013-04-26	I agree this episode needs more Stannis and Robb. I'm looking forward to the duel b/t Beric and the Hound. I know its early yet, but I'm waiting for Robb to declare Jon Snow a legitimate Stark and his rightful heir. This episode might be a good time to put that in. I REALLY hope they don't omit this. It could be huge later on. Even if it doesn't matter, it's still a huge plot point and tv-viewers are smart enough to understand what this means.Doesn't the Robb's heir thing come after Sansa's wedding? I don't think we'll get that until episode 9, the episode after Sansa gets married. Robb's last scene before arriving at the Twins will probably have him naming Jon.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 26 April 2013 - 12:33 PM.
4888	SoManyVows	2013-04-26	Several other commenters have already done an excellent job of summarizing what I think we'll see in this episode, but I may as well throw my two cents in. Long post, so scroll on down to read (or just get past this solid block of text).King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing:Synopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Tyrion learns the cost of weddings.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Tywin, Tyrion, and Cersei in the Small Council Chamber. Tywin: <U+0080><U+009C>This is a plot. We need to act first<U+0080><U+009D>. Tyrion: <U+0080><U+009C>You can<U+0080><U+0099>t mean it.<U+0080><U+009D> Sansa staring out over the bay at Littlefinger<U+0080><U+0099>s ship (you can see a mockingbird on the sail).Recap Video: Cersei chafes against the Tyrells. Margaery proposes that Sansa wed Loras.Speculation: The Tyrell plan to marry Sansa off to Loras will drive the bulk of the King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing story for this episode. Since Loras didn<U+0080><U+0099>t appear last week, there will likely be at least a quick scene of either Margaery or Olenna discussing the proposed marriage to Sansa with him. There was a scene in one of the featured videos where a clearly angry Loras storms away from Margaery and Olenna at a dinner table <U+0080><U+0093> maybe we see that here.Sansa watching the ship with the mockingbird sail indicates that Littlefinger will leave for the Eyrie in this episode. It would be extremely strange if he were to promise Sansa he would try to smuggle her out of King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, then take off for the Eyrie without any follow-up. So odds are good that he<U+0080><U+0099>ll share at least one scene where he tries to discuss their departure, only to learn that Sansa would rather marry Loras and go off to Highgarden. Perhaps this is when Littlefinger tips off Tywin. As PatrickStormborn notes, there<U+0080><U+0099>s a brief scene in Critic<U+0080><U+0099>s Trailer #2 of Littlefinger smirking while walking away from Varys (0:22) <U+0080><U+0093> if everything does go to hell in this episode, then Littlefinger will surely spare a moment to rub it in his adversary<U+0080><U+0099>s face.I had thought that Tywin wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t learn about the proposed marriage until Episode 6 when he <U+0080><U+009C>plans strategic unions<U+0080><U+009D>, but the promo certainly seems to indicate that he<U+0080><U+0099>s aware of it and is devising a counterplan. Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s unhappy reaction seems to indicate that Tywin has told him to marry Sansa. Maybe he stalls on consenting to the plan this week, but gives in in Episode 6. Regardless, we know that everything will be out in the open by Episode 7, because Shae will be <U+0080><U+009C>chafing at Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s new situation<U+0080><U+009D>, and Sansa will be <U+0080><U+009C>fretting about her prospects<U+0080><U+009D>.On page 2 of this thread, Newstar mentions the scene that Tyrion shares with Olenna that was seen in one the featurettes. I'm not sure that will be in this week's episode, but if it is, it could mean a couple of things: Tyrion in his new role as Master of Coin attempting to get the Tyrells to help fund the Royal Wedding, or Tyrion attempting to smooth over the whole Sansa marriage issue after Tywin throws a wrench in things.Jaime and BrienneSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Jaime is judged by men.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Locke shoving Jaime into the mud before Roose Bolton. A brief glimpse of Jaime in a darkened room, screaming his head off.Recap Video: Locke and his men tormenting Jaime, while Brienne looks on helplessly.Speculation: Jaime arrives in Harrenhal, and the Bolton men rough him up a little bit until Roose comes down and puts a stop to it. He sends Jaime off with Qyburn to get his arm cleaned and dressed.The big question is whether or not we<U+0080><U+0099>ll get the bath scene in this episode. The content of that scene, with Jaime telling Brienne his true reasons for killing Aerys, certainly fits with the whole <U+0080>Jaime is judged<U+0080><U+0099> line from the synopsis. In the books, however, the whole reason Jaime and Brienne are getting a bath is to prepare them for their dinner with Roose Bolton, and the dinner scene is almost certain to be in Episode 6, the synopsis for which states <U+0080><U+009C>Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister<U+0080><U+009D>. I<U+0080><U+0099>d lean slightly towards the bath scene being saved for next week, but it could go either way.Jon and the WildlingsSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Jon proves himself.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Tormund confronts Jon: <U+0080><U+009C>I like you, boy, but if you lie to me, I<U+0080>ll pull your guts out through your throat." Ygritte kisses Jon in the cave. There<U+0080><U+0099>s also a brief shot of Jon either at charging at someone or merely scampering over rock formations <U+0080><U+0093> it<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to tell.Recap Video: Nothing.Speculation: After sitting last week out, this episode is going to be pretty Jon-heavy. We<U+0080><U+0099>ll get scenes establishing his openly antagonistic relationship with Orell, and his friendly-but-wary relationship with Tormund. Most likely Orell confronts Jon about being a crow, and Ygirtte comes to Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s defense. Tormund breaks the alteraction up before it can turn violent, and then warns Jon not to play them false. Later in the episode, the group will stop at the cave. Ygritte will put the moves on Jon, and he<U+0080><U+0099>ll finally reciprocate her advances. Game of Thrones fulfills its nudity quotient and then some.And of course, the Lord<U+0080><U+0099>s Kiss. /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' /> /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />Robb and CatelynSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>Robb is betrayed.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Robb making battle plans. Karstark<U+0080><U+0099>s men storming the Lannister boys<U+0080><U+0099> cell. Robb says <U+0080><U+009C>He has to die.<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn and Talisa standing in the rain, watching something (Karstark's execution, almost certainly).Recap Video: Reminds viewers why Karstark is so keen on vengeance, and who Willem and Martyn Lannister are.Speculation: Like Jon, Robb took last week off, and as a result, this episode is going to feature a lot of him. Robb will probably open the episode by musing over battle plans, trying to come up with a way to engage the Lannisters in battle. Promo photos indicate that Talisa comes in to comfort him. This might lead to the love scene that we saw in the trailers. At some point in the episode Karstark and his men break into the Lannister boys<U+0080><U+0099> cell and kill them. Robb confronts Karstark, and eventually decides that Karstark needs to pay for his actions with his life. Karstark losing his head is one candidate for the episode cliffhanger (the other being Beric<U+0080><U+0099>s resurrection <U+0080><U+0093> see below).Arya, the Hound, and the BWBSynopsis: <U+0080><U+009C>The Hound is judged by the gods.<U+0080><U+009D>Promo: Beric lighting his sword on fire, Thoros praying to R<U+0080><U+0099>hllor. Beric fighting the Hound. Arya screaming <U+0080><U+009C>Burn in hell!<U+0080><U+009D>Recap Video: The Hound is sentenced to trial by combat.Speculation: The Hound vs. The Lightning Lord in trial by combat. Every image I<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen indicates this scene will be as awesome as it was in the book. As noted above, there<U+0080><U+0099>s a good chance that Thoros resurrecting Beric will serve as the cliffhanger end to the episode.If Beric<U+0080><U+0099>s resurrection does NOT serve as the episode ender, the real question becomes whether this week will feature the Hound capturing Arya after he<U+0080><U+0099>s released. We know that Melisandre arrives to parley with the BWB in Episode 6. As far as I<U+0080><U+0099>ve been able to see, Arya doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be in those scenes. That could suggest that she<U+0080><U+0099>s already gone by the time that Melisandre gets there, but it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t have to. Arya could very easily be taken by the Hound in Episode 6 while everyone is distracted by the Red Woman<U+0080><U+0099>s appearance. I strongly suspect the latter.TheonSynopsis: NothingPromo: NothingRecap Video: NothingSpeculation: Theon probably won<U+0080><U+0099>t appear in this episode. Now that he<U+0080><U+0099>s been recaptured, there really isn<U+0080><U+0099>t anything for him to do other than be tortured, and there<U+0080><U+0099>s probably a limit to how much flaying that Benioff and Weiss want to show, HBO or not. We might get a scene or two of Ramsay toying with Theon<U+0080><U+0099>s mind, but the problem is that Ramsay can<U+0080><U+0099>t reveal too much about himself before Roose lets Jaime go on to King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, or it<U+0080><U+0099>ll become apparent to the non-readers that the Boltons are not on the level.  It<U+0080><U+0099>ll be safer to reveal more about Ramsay around Episode 6 or 7.Stannis and DavosSynopsis: NothingPromo: Davos in his cell, Stannis being hugged by Shireen.Recap Video: Stannis<U+0080><U+0099>s conversation with Melisandre that reminds us that Stannis is married, and that his wife has given him no sons. Davos attempts to kill Melisandre, and is dragged off to a cell.Speculation: We<U+0080><U+0099>ll finally meet Selyse and Shireen in the episode. Stannis will also visit Davos in his cell and deliver his <U+0080><U+009C>The darkness will devour them all, unless I triumph,<U+0080><U+009D> speech from the trailer. Depending on how much more of the Dragonstone arc that D&D want to show before Melisandre returns with Gendry (which probably won<U+0080><U+0099>t happen until Episode 8), Davos may or may not be released this week. If he is, maybe Shireen brings Davos some letters/books, and he starts learning how to read.Sam and GillySynopsis: Nothing.Promo: Nothing.Recap Video: Nothing.Speculation: Last week was heavy on Sam and the Night<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch, and Sam is one of only five main characters (the others being Tyrion, Cersei, Catelyn, and the now-deceased LC Mormont) who has appeared in every episode so far this season. It seems safe to assume he<U+0080><U+0099>ll sit this week out. The Episode 8 synopsis hints that Sam and Gilly meet Coldhands. The Slayer scene will happen sometime between now and then, but I doubt that it will be this week.Bran and the ReedsSynopsis: Nothing.Promo: Nothing.Recap Video: Nothing.Speculation: As I noted last week, the problem with predicting any Bran scenes pre-Queenscrown is that they<U+0080><U+0099>re entirely disconnected from any other story arc, and therefore can go almost anywhere in the continuity. So unless we get some indication from the promotional materials, we really have no idea when this group of characters will appear, and this week, we don<U+0080><U+0099>t have that. That being said, at a certain point they do need to start fleshing out the Reeds more - particularly Meera. I wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t be surprised if we got a brief scene of these characters on the road, possibly hinting at Osha and Meera<U+0080><U+0099>s rivalry. We might see a hint of Bran starting to develop a crush on Meera (now that his character<U+0080><U+0099>s been aged up, that element is a little more viable than it was in the books), or Meera telling the story of The Knight of the Laughing Tree. But again, there<U+0080><U+0099>s no concrete reason to think any of that will happen this week.DaenerysSynopsis: NothingPromo: Dany and the Unsullied camped at some kind of oasis. The Unsullied presenting their one of their own to her (almost certainly Grey Worm).Recap Video: Dany being awesome. Also scenes from the Small Council meeting in Season 1 outing Jorah as an informant.Speculation: Daenerys will speak with Grey Worm, and we<U+0080><U+0099>ll get a little more insight into the mindset of the Unsullied by as he tells her how they select their names. Rather than leave for Westeros, Dany will decide to march on to Yunkai.I find it VERY intriguing that the recap video explicitly reminds us of Jorah<U+0080><U+0099>s previous history of informing on Daenerys. How that will play into this episode remains to be seen. It<U+0080><U+0099>s far too early for Daenerys to learn about his previous betrayal, since we know that she sends him on a mission to infiltrate Meereen and ultimately banishes him. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think that the writers will play that card before she even reaches Yunkai, especially since Dany conquers that city through entirely different means.My guess is that we<U+0080><U+0099>ll get a scene between Jorah and Barristan where they air their distrust of one another and discuss their shared history of conflicted loyalties to both the Iron Throne and now Daenerys. Barristan will call out Jorah as an informant to his face rather than explicitly outing his betrayal to Daenerys, and question whether Jorah is still angling for a pardon (As Lord Commander of the Kingsguard, Barristan had a seat on Robert<U+0080><U+0099>s Small Council. He would obviously be aware that Jorah was on Varys<U+0080><U+0099> payroll). Jorah will swear that those days are done, that he is only loyal to Dany now, and Barristan will grudgingly agree to give him a chance to prove it. Perhaps this concealment serve as a reason for Dany to test Barristan as well when she eventually finds out next season? Obviously she won<U+0080><U+0099>t be sending him into the sewers on the basis of his service to Robert, as he<U+0080><U+0099>s already unveiled himself to her, and she seems to have accepted his loyalty for now.Lastly, there<U+0080><U+0099>s also the matter of Jorah<U+0080><U+0099>s lingering feelings for Dany. I have to believe that since we didn<U+0080><U+0099>t get the scene where he kisses her before her arrival in Astapor, it<U+0080><U+0099>s been shifted to later in the season. Probably not this episode, though <U+0080><U+0093> it might make more sense for that conversation to happen after Dany meets Daario and Jorah sees how taken she is with him.
					
					
							Edited by SoManyVows, 26 April 2013 - 01:44 PM.
4889	Dove	2013-04-26	I'm looking forward to the Karstark thing quite a bit, not to see the kids die or anything but to see Robb finally making decisions and doing something kingly besides chastise his doofy uncle. It should be a pretty powerful group of scenes. Hopefully after this they start to put an emphasis on a non-treacherous bannerman or two. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Is anybody else hoping that they DON'T have Jaime tell Brienne why he killed Aerys in this episode? It just seems like they're rushing through his arc way too quickly, especially since the bear pit scene is in episode 7. The synopsis for episode 6 states that Roose decides what to do with Jaime in that episode, thus giving them time to put his confession in episode 6 instead. I think if they show Qyburn treating his wounds, and a conversation between Jaime and Roose, that should be enough for this episode.I hadn't thought of that. What does Jaime even do in-between the bear pit and arriving to King's Landing AFTER the PW? Unless they change up his sequence of events or slow things down big time he and Brienne are gonna be in limbo for a while. I'd like to think that they'll use some of the extra time to squeeze in the Harrenhal Roose bits that were cut from S2.
4890	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-26	My one main request about Karstark's beheading is that Robb shouldn't do it with one blow. I thought it was a big sign that Robb wasn't ready to rule, or quite ready to be Lord Stark, and that Jon's beheading of Slynt signified that he was more of a Stark than either Robb or Theon, and that he was the natural successor  to Ned. It's a small symbolic detail, like Edmure missing the boat with his arrows, but it's these little things that make the books and the show great.
The show has constantly made Robb a heroic figure, but I think this is where they should draw the line. Robb would still be well-liked if he didn't behead Karstark with one macho swing of his sword. As long as they don't depict him as making the same sort of mess that Theon made.
4891	Mark Antony	2013-04-26	I hope they keep in the line about making the Karstark guy who was just the look out getting hung last.
4892	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	I hope they keep in the line about making the Karstark guy who was just the look out getting hung last.That was great, Hang this one last so he can just watch the others (Or something to that effect),
4893	Yago	2013-04-26	My one main request about Karstark's beheading is that Robb shouldn't do it with one blow. I thought it was a big sign that Robb wasn't ready to rule, or quite ready to be Lord Stark, and that Jon's beheading of Slynt signified that he was more of a Stark than either Robb or Theon, and that he was the natural successor  to Ned. It's a small symbolic detail, like Edmure missing the boat with his arrows, but it's these little things that make the books and the show great.The show has constantly made Robb a heroic figure, but I think this is where they should draw the line. Robb would still be well-liked if he didn't behead Karstark with one macho swing of his sword. As long as they don't depict him as making the same sort of mess that Theon made.Jon only succeeded in doing it with one blow because of his Valyrian steel sword. But I agree, Robb needing at least two would be best.
4894	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	Jon only succeeded in doing it with one blow because of his Valyrian steel sword. But I agree, Robb needing at least two would be best.Same as Ned Stark. Pretty sure it's easier to behead a guy with a giant Valyrian steel greatsword. But having Robb need several thumps may be too much of a parallel to Theon's shit beheading of Ser Rodrik (On the show). Remember that Robb has looked a little more foolish on the show to begin with, so the clean beheading could conjure some content with the viewers such that it makes him seem less foolish and thus more tragic (and more like his father that most people love).
4895	franko99	2013-04-26	My one main request about Karstark's beheading is that Robb shouldn't do it with one blow. I thought it was a big sign that Robb wasn't ready to rule, or quite ready to be Lord Stark, and that Jon's beheading of Slynt signified that he was more of a Stark than either Robb or Theon, and that he was the natural successor  to Ned. It's a small symbolic detail, like Edmure missing the boat with his arrows, but it's these little things that make the books and the show great.The show has constantly made Robb a heroic figure, but I think this is where they should draw the line. Robb would still be well-liked if he didn't behead Karstark with one macho swing of his sword. As long as they don't depict him as making the same sort of mess that Theon made.Yes, I know those scenes parallel Ned's action, but it is kinda unfair for Robb, Eddard and Jon had a Valyrian steel sword, while Robb have to use an axe, it usually takes more than 1 hit to kill a man (well to separate the head from the body, the first blow kills the person), that's why the guillotine and some other devices were created to make beheadings less messy.
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 26 April 2013 - 09:24 PM.
4896	wolverine	2013-04-26	God you guys make me feel like a dork.
4897	Newstar	2013-04-26	Wow, SoManyVows has put everything together so nicely for the plotlines.Speculation: The Tyrell plan to marry Sansa off to Loras will drive the bulk of the King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing story for this episode. Since Loras didn<U+0080><U+0099>t appear last week, there will likely be at least a quick scene of either Margaery or Olenna discussing the proposed marriage to Sansa with him. There was a scene in one of the featured videos where a clearly angry Loras storms away from Margaery and Olenna at a dinner table <U+0080><U+0093> maybe we see that here.Yes. I wonder if that's in reaction to a possible marriage to Cersei (remember, 3x06 synopsis stated that Tywin was planning strategic unions, as in more than one, which might explain why we get the Tywin/Olenna scene in 3x06 where she's pissed and snaps his quill pen), and if it falls in the next episode. I do expect there to be a "Suck it up, princess"-type scene where Loras is ordered to marry either Sansa or Cersei, which explains why Olenna looks so unconcerned when he throws the tantrum and storms away, because she knows he'll knuckle under and do as she wants. I don't know that being ordered to marry Sansa as opposed to Cersei is tantrum-worthy, but this is Loras we're talking about.Sansa watching the ship with the mockingbird sail indicates that Littlefinger will leave for the Eyrie in this episode. It would be extremely strange if he were to promise Sansa he would try to smuggle her out of King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, then take off for the Eyrie without any follow-up. So odds are good that he<U+0080><U+0099>ll share at least one scene where he tries to discuss their departure, only to learn that Sansa would rather marry Loras and go off to Highgarden. Perhaps this is when Littlefinger tips off Tywin. As PatrickStormborn notes, there<U+0080><U+0099>s a brief scene in Critic<U+0080><U+0099>s Trailer #2 of Littlefinger smirking while walking away from Varys (0:22) <U+0080><U+0093> if everything does go to hell in this episode, then Littlefinger will surely spare a moment to rub it in his adversary<U+0080><U+0099>s face.steiner and I have been speculating that LF's plan has so many holes in it--if he leaves KL and Sansa goes missing at the same time, everyone will know that LF has her and has committed treason, for one--maybe this whole "plan" to supposedly take Sansa with him was an elaborate ruse that LF never intended to follow through on. He deliberately leaked information to Ros knowing that Varys would flip out and try to thwart him by arranging a marriage alliance for Loras and Sansa, knowing that Sansa would leap at the opportunity to marry Loras and refuse his "offer" to leave with him, and that he could take that information and leak it to Tywin as a show of loyalty to the Crown, knowing that Tywin would betroth Tyrion to Sansa as a result. LF leaves for the Vale, openly committed to wooing Lysa, and Sansa is trapped in a horrifying marriage that will make sure that she's desperate the next time he offers his "assistance." It would be a diabolical plan.I had thought that Tywin wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t learn about the proposed marriage until Episode 6 when he <U+0080><U+009C>plans strategic unions<U+0080><U+009D>, but the promo certainly seems to indicate that he<U+0080><U+0099>s aware of it and is devising a counterplan. Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s unhappy reaction seems to indicate that Tywin has told him to marry Sansa. Maybe he stalls on consenting to the plan this week, but gives in in Episode 6.Pretty sure the conversation in the promo was the same conversation in the books where Tywin tells Tyrion he is to marry Sansa, yes. I think this is likely the last KL-related scene of the episode, too. "You will marry Sansa Stark, Tyrion. And soon." Probably not the last scene of the episode, though. The engagement will likely be made official in Episode 6, once Tywin has successfully wrangled Olenna into agreeing to a Loras/Cersei match, leaving Shae and Sansa to flip out in Episode 7.I suspect that just as in the books, Tyrion and Sansa won't actually have any direct interaction with each other until the wedding itself. Ohhhhhh, it's going to be brutal. *fetches popcorn*Regardless, we know that everything will be out in the open by Episode 7, because Shae will be <U+0080><U+009C>chafing at Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s new situation<U+0080><U+009D>, and Sansa will be <U+0080><U+009C>fretting about her prospects<U+0080><U+009D>.Yeah. Maybe Shae and Sansa find out at the same time, since I doubt Shae would wait an episode before hitting the roof. This suggests Sansa has a bit more advance warning than she had in the books, unless the wedding gown scene in the books is in 3x07 with no actual wedding ceremony until 3x08.The two discarded titles for 3x07, "Autumn Storms" and "Chains," sound like there's plenty of wedding-related angst in that episode. Maybe Sansa and Shae don't find out until then, although it seems like the wedding will be a much bigger affair in the show than in the books, meaning it seems like it would be a tricky thing to keep secret from anyone, let alone Shae.On page 2 of this thread, Newstar mentions the scene that Tyrion shares with Olenna that was seen in one the featurettes. I'm not sure that will be in this week's episode, but if it is, it could mean a couple of things: Tyrion in his new role as Master of Coin attempting to get the Tyrells to help fund the Royal Wedding,I'm thinking that's what the conversation is about. Tyrion says something like "We're at war" (trying to angle for a reduced wedding budget, maybe?).or Tyrion attempting to smooth over the whole Sansa marriage issue after Tywin throws a wrench in things.I'm thinking Tywin is actually the one who tries to smooth things over with Olenna, although knowing it's Tywin, it's probably more that he tries to steamroller Olenna into signing on to a Loras/Cersei engagement (I can only imagine how well that's going to go over).The big question is whether or not we<U+0080><U+0099>ll get the bath scene in this episode. The content of that scene, with Jaime telling Brienne his true reasons for killing Aerys, certainly fits with the whole <U+0080>Jaime is judged<U+0080><U+0099> line from the synopsis. In the books, however, the whole reason Jaime and Brienne are getting a bath is to prepare them for their dinner with Roose Bolton, and the dinner scene is almost certain to be in Episode 6, the synopsis for which states <U+0080><U+009C>Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister<U+0080><U+009D>. I<U+0080><U+0099>d lean slightly towards the bath scene being saved for next week, but it could go either way."Jaime is judged by men" sounds like the bath scene, though.And of course, the Lord<U+0080><U+0099>s Kiss. /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' /> /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />I'm generally not too pressed about book/TV changes, but if the Lord's Kiss gets omitted, there will be consequences. Internet consequences.Speculation: Theon probably won<U+0080><U+0099>t appear in this episode. Now that he<U+0080><U+0099>s been recaptured, there really isn<U+0080><U+0099>t anything for him to do other than be tortured, and there<U+0080><U+0099>s probably a limit to how much flaying that Benioff and Weiss want to show, HBO or not.I'm not saying it's flaying, but Alfie Allen alluded to a scene where he was playing Theon's distress and emotions to a point where Iwan Rheon was really worried and was all "Should I really go on?" (Awww.) Probably won't be in Episode 5, though.Speculation: We<U+0080><U+0099>ll finally meet Selyse and Shireen in the episode.What's the over/under on whether they kept Selyse's mustache?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 27 April 2013 - 12:04 AM.
4898	BenPlumm	2013-04-27	I'm not saying it's flaying, but Alfie Allen alluded to a scene where he was playing Theon's distress and emotions to a point where Iwan Rheon was really worried and was all "Should I really go on?" (Awww.) Probably won't be in Episode 5, though.Where can I read this interview?
4899	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	I'm fairly sure that that will be the scene where Karstark murders the Lannister boys. Theon is going to sit this one out.i stand corrected, i think your right, it was just a wold guess. i could see them leaving Theon out for some time now, maybe they will not bring him back in until Reek.  i dont think everyone wants to see what happens to Theon anyway, some people have weak stomachs /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4900	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	Where can I read this interview? i would also like to read/view this interview
4901	Nezzer	2013-04-27	i would also like to read/view this interviewHere. Last paragraph.
4902	Raven's Teeth	2013-04-27	Will we see Selyse in this episode?
					
					
							Edited by Raven's Teeth, 27 April 2013 - 03:32 AM.
4903	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-27	Poor Sansa watching LF sail away /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4904	Nezzer	2013-04-27	Will we see Selyse in this episode?Yes, both Shireen and Selyse.
4905	Raven's Teeth	2013-04-27	Yes, both Shireen and Selyse.Great, thanks
4906	iheartseverus	2013-04-27	from the 'OMG Moments' thread..  looks like we meet a Manderly in this episode:A while back there was news of someone being cast as Wendel Manderly, and you can see him in the screenshot of the RW in one of the trailers. According to his page he will start appearing in episode 5.Source: http://winteriscomin...asting-updates/
4907	ebevan91	2013-04-27	from the 'OMG Moments' thread..  looks like we meet a Manderly in this episode:Sweet, so when White Harbor shows up the non-readers will probably remember him, or at least the name.Hopefully the show mentions that Wendel is from House Manderly who is from White Harbor,
4908	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	from the 'OMG Moments' thread..  looks like we meet a Manderly in this episode:Thats great news. The show will lose a disloyal bannerman for a loyal one, and things may actually start to look better for Robb.
4909	King Tommen	2013-04-27	I'm curious (since Talisa is coming to the RW) if the Blackfish might come too. If they wanted to return to book continuity, they could have him help her escape back to Riverrun during the chaos.
I don't think this is necessarily probable, I imagine he'd stick back at Riverrun (someone needs to right?).  My only thought was that they just introduced him and look at him as a fairly important character and if Robb and crew leave in E8 or whenever they take off for the Twins, that's not much time to get to know him.
I think Wendel's going down at the RW.
4910	iheartseverus	2013-04-27	Thats great news. The show will lose a disloyal bannerman for a loyal one, and things may actually start to look better for Robb.LOL, speaking of 'looking better', I notice in the trailer that Robb's leather jerkin, jacket, whatever, is open to the waist and his chest is bare.  Looking good, indeed, Lord Stark!Someone remind me, which Manderly is Ser-Too-Fat-To-Ride-A-Horse, the one who makes Frey Pie?
4911	ebevan91	2013-04-27	LOL, speaking of 'looking better', I notice in the trailer that Robb's leather jerkin, jacket, whatever, is open to the waist and his chest is bare.  Looking good, indeed, Lord Stark!Someone remind me, which Manderly is Ser-Too-Fat-To-Ride-A-Horse, the one who makes Frey Pie?Lord Manderly right? Wyman Manderly.
4912	Queen of Whores	2013-04-27	Someone remind me, which Manderly is Ser-Too-Fat-To-Ride-A-Horse, the one who makes Frey Pie?That's Wyman Manderly, the one you're thinking of. I guess Wendel's his son? I can't remember from the books.
4913	King Tommen	2013-04-27	Yeah, Wendel is his son so if you want to find an easy way to motivate his later hatred of the Frey's and Boltons, knocking off his son at the RW would be a pretty good way to do it.
4914	ebevan91	2013-04-27	That's Wyman Manderly, the one you're thinking of. I guess Wendel's his son? I can't remember from the books.Wendel is Wyman's second son.
4915	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	Does anyone know if there are other potential northern bannerman who could act as RW fodder?
4916	King Tommen	2013-04-27	There's a few (Dacey Mormont, Smalljon Umber etc) but none of them have been cast so you won't see that.
4917	protar	2013-04-27	Glad they're casting Wendel, as there is a serious dearth of loyal northmen in Robb's army. As Robb has already sat out episode 4 and obviously won't be in E10, that should mean Robb and co. will appear in every other episode from now on, giving a good five episodes for Wendel to be developed as a staunch, but comical character in Robb's army who viewers will be sad to see go.
4918	The Monkey	2013-04-27	Roose Bolton will finally have some scenes in which he's the major character. Can't wait.
4919	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-27	Now that i read this topic i came to think they really botched (and got unlucky with Greatjon) the preparations to RW. Having only Karstark and Bolton as recognizable northmen this late into the season means the only guys viewers will care for at RW will be Robb, Cat, and Wendel who will be introduced 3 episodes earlier only to die /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. With Cat being scorned for imprisoning Tyrion, and Robb for bashing Edmure, i guess people will be rooting for the Freys xd
4920	King Tommen	2013-04-27	It is unfortunate that Clive Mantle screwed them over and wasn't available after Season 1. The show put their bannermen eggs all in one basket with Greatjon in Season 1.  After they had to write him out, they didn't really have a chance in S2 to replace him since it was necessary to build up both Roose and Karstark because of their important roles later on.  Then in S3, you've got to still allow Roose and Karstark their scenes in order to get their roles in line and you also have to introduce the Tully's into Robb's story as well.  That leaves precious little time to try and organically insert another bannerman.  It looks like they'll be inserting Wendel in after Karstark's execution to fill the void which is something at least.  Ideally, you'd want a guy who's been beside Robb since the beginning to fall at the RW to create maximum impact but they'll have to work with what they've got.
I maintain that if Greatjon had stayed, they would not have bothered to have him captured at the RW, they would have put him in the Smalljon role to sacrifice himself to temporarily save Robb.  My guess is that Wendel will fill that spot now, which isn't as powerful.
I like the idea of them diverting somewhat and having the Blackfish there and after valiantly trying to save Robb and failing, managing to at least get away with Talisa and escape.  It's a longshot, but I'd like that change.
4921	Newstar	2013-04-27	I feel like any of Robb's bannermen introduced at this point would basically be like the GOT equivalent of Star Trek redshirts. "Oh no, there goes some guy we met three episodes ago! Horror!" It would be better if we'd had a few through the end of S1 and through S2, although I understand why the writers might not have wanted to do that.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 27 April 2013 - 10:47 AM.
4922	Bean Stocks	2013-04-27	Cat said they would be mad in the last episode of season 2. We see Tywin writing letters all the time but unless you read the books you probaly do not see the signifigance of this. We are halfway into season 3 and other than Karstarks telling Robb that he lost the war when he married whats her name, it has not come up really.perhaps they are deliberately playing down the frey betrayal so the RW will have more impact on the unsullied
4923	King Tommen	2013-04-27	I think they've mentioned that Robb pissing off Walder is a bad idea on numerous occasions both this season and last.  Walder isn't going to appear until Robb gets to the Twins so I'm not sure what some would like to see.  From what I've seen and read, non-readers definitely understand that the Frey's will be pissed over this and that Robb is going to have to deal with them at some point.
In the synopsis for E6, it says "Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey" so it's being brought to the forefront very soon.  I know that they've cast Black Walder so I imagine he'll be the one to deliver the message to Robb and the Frey stand-in up until they get to the Twins.
I think the plotline is proceeding exactly as it should.  Do fans want them to play ominous music and talk about the Frey's every episode this season?
4924	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	I think they've mentioned that Robb pissing off Walder is a bad idea on numerous occasions both this season and last.  Walder isn't going to appear until Robb gets to the Twins so I'm not sure what some would like to see.  From what I've seen and read, non-readers definitely understand that the Frey's will be pissed over this and that Robb is going to have to deal with them at some point.In the synopsis for E6, it says "Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey" so it's being brought to the forefront very soon.  I know that they've cast Black Walder so I imagine he'll be the one to deliver the message to Robb and the Frey stand-in up until they get to the Twins.I think the plotline is proceeding exactly as it should.  Do fans want them to play ominous music and talk about the Frey's every episode this season?I agree that the plotline is moving as it should. I just hope that at some point it is made clear that all the Frey troops have been withdrawn from the Northern Army, otherwise its fine.
4925	Newstar	2013-04-27	I think the plotline is proceeding exactly as it should.  Do fans want them to play ominous music and talk about the Frey's every episode this season?Even without the RW or the Freys, I get the sense in the TV show of Robb slowly being penned in, being trapped by forces that are overwhelming him: Karstark's complaining, the bodies at Harrenhal (foreshadowing?), Karstark's comment that he lost the war the moment he married Talisa, the bad news about Winterfell/Bran/Rickon, Edmure's screwup with the mill, etc. etc. It all seems to be piling up, with Robb sort of struggling helplessly against it. I don't know if non-readers would get the same sense, but I get the feeling of doom hanging over Robb this season.I liked the spec that Bran's dream of a crazed, violet Cat was a prophetic hint as to UnCat. That never even occurred to me, though; I thought it was a mashup of his memory of Cat warning him with a vague understanding on some level that he was pushed.The best part of the preview is Tyrion's horrified "DO NOT WANT" face in reaction to Tywin saying "This is a plot, we need to act first." He had the same look in Season 1 or whatever when Tywin was telling him he was to fight in the vanguard. Ha! I shouldn't laugh, given that I know what it's probably referencing, but that expression! So funny.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 27 April 2013 - 11:37 AM.
4926	King Tommen	2013-04-27	I agree that the plotline is moving as it should. I just hope that at some point it is made clear that all the Frey troops have been withdrawn from the Northern Army, otherwise its fine.They could do that but I don't think it's integral to the overall plot. They're going to have the remainder of the Karstark's head home after the execution (there are shots of it from the previous trailers), I don't know if they need to really go any further than that, it's kind of overkill.  Robb's getting the message in the following episode from the Frey's so they're going to be around from here on out presumably.  I think we'll probably have Black Walder interact a little with Robb on the trek up to the Twins in order to establish the dissatisfaction.  Is the act of pulling the troops all that necessary at that point?
4927	Joyful Union	2013-04-27	Even without the RW or the Freys, I get the sense in the TV show of Robb slowly being penned in, being trapped by forces that are overwhelming him: Karstark's complaining, the bodies at Harrenhal (foreshadowing?), Karstark's comment that he lost the war the moment he married Talisa, the bad news about Winterfell/Bran/Rickon, Edmure's screwup with the mill, etc. etc. It all seems to be piling up, with Robb sort of struggling helplessly against it. I don't know if non-readers would get the same sense, but I get the feeling of doom hanging over Robb this season.The Unsullied have pretty much marked him for death, but i would say that most viewers don't think that Robb is going to die. Most of my friends are still hoping for a Stark victory. I think in the end his demise will be very similar to Ned's, in that many viewers may have been uneasy, but will still be surprised. When I first read aGoT, I never caught on all the hints, like the dead Direwolf at the beginning. There definitely is a sense of doom, but I think that its much clearer if your looking for the hints, if you know how it ends. Same thing with the House of the Undying vision of a man with a wolf's head attached to his body.
4928	Colonel Green	2013-04-27	The death of Catelyn may end up surprising more people than the death of Robb, I think.
4929	TheDarkOne	2013-04-27	I can't wait for the RW. Most of the people in my watching group hate Robb and Catelyn like me. Most of us are Roose Bolton fans so it's going to be amazing to see his triumphant moment on screen.
4930	Newstar	2013-04-27	The Unsullied have pretty much marked him for death, but i would say that most viewers don't think that Robb is going to die. Most of my friends are still hoping for a Stark victory. I think in the end his demise will be very similar to Ned's, in that many viewers may have been uneasy, but will still be surprised. When I first read aGoT, I never caught on all the hints, like the dead Direwolf at the beginning. There definitely is a sense of doom, but I think that its much clearer if your looking for the hints, if you know how it ends. Same thing with the House of the Undying vision of a man with a wolf's head attached to his body.Mmmm. That's the thing about the show/books. It's not that these perilous situations arise (Ned Stark being accused of treason, a capital crime, the Freys being pissed and Robb is losing the war, Tywin proposing that Tyrion marries Sansa) that is necessarily the shocking part, it's that the show/books actually go through with the premise and follow these things to their conclusion: Ned Stark is actually executed, Robb Stark and Catelyn Stark are actually killed, Sansa actually marries Tyrion, etc. etc. There are no outs, no takebacks, no miraculous rescues, and no last-minute saves in these situations, and that's the shocking part. (Not that GRRM is above a last-minute rescue or two, though, as Jaime saving Brienne from the bear showed.)
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 27 April 2013 - 12:34 PM.
4931	Queen of Whores	2013-04-27	I can't wait for the RW. Most of the people in my watching group hate Robb and Catelyn like me. Most of us are Roose Bolton fans so it's going to be amazing to see his triumphant moment on screen.I'm gonna give an imaginary victory cheer when Roose utters 'those' words. And if he doesn't... this show will be nothing to me. Long live Roose Bolton, the true Warden of the North.
4932	BenBamBoo	2013-04-27	Aside form many of the obvious plots mentioned here, I would quite like Qyburn to be established a bit more in this or the next episode. If they leave it too long no-one will remember him 'surviving'.
4933	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	Aside form many of the obvious plots mentioned here, I would quite like Qyburn to be established a bit more in this or the next episode. If they leave it too long no-one will remember him 'surviving'.I believe we will see him in this episode or the next. Someone has to treat Jaime, most likely ordered by Roose, which we know for sure will meet Jaime in the 6th episode, but possibly could in E05.
4934	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-27	I believe in this episode Qyburn cauterizes Jaime's stump.
4935	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-27	Mmmm. That's the thing about the show/books. It's not that these perilous situations arise (Ned Stark being accused of treason, a capital crime, the Freys being pissed and Robb is losing the war, Tywin proposing that Tyrion marries Sansa) that is necessarily the shocking part, it's that the show/books actually go through with the premise and follow these things to their conclusion: Ned Stark is actually executed, Robb Stark and Catelyn Stark are actually killed, Sansa actually marries Tyrion, etc. etc. There are no outs, no takebacks, no miraculous rescues, and no last-minute saves in these situations, and that's the shocking part. (Not that GRRM is above a last-minute rescue or two, though, as Jaime saving Brienne from the bear showed.)I thought exactly this when I was reading the books. I was always hoping for someone to save the day. However, there were some situations where that did happen. For instance, Davos was saved by Wyman Manderly, while Brienne avoided being hanged in the last moment. And it is hard to believe that John Snow will not be saved in some way. GRRM defends this idea, but he opens some exceptions, which is understandable, since, otherwise, the story would loose some interest.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 27 April 2013 - 03:33 PM.
4936	SoManyVows	2013-04-28	I came across some apparent screencaps from tonight's episode on IMDB. They're ... explicit (NSFW, if anyone's at work on a Sunday). Mostly the good kind of explicit. But two of them ... not so much.
The link:http://vk.com/wall-2...61?reply=506737
If these images are legit (and they look pretty real), then they confirm three things:
1) They're going all-in on the cave sequence. And Ygritte knows the value of a strong core. Hot damn. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2) The bath scene is confirmed for this week's episode. And it's - how shall I say this - equal opportunity.
3) Selyse doesn't appear to have kept her mustache (although that could just be poor quality on the image). She has, however, kept her stillborn babies in giant jars. Lovely. I think that we have a slightly better understanding of Stannis is so keen on avoiding his wife's bedchamber.
4937	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	I came across some apparent screencaps from tonight's episode on IMDB. They're ... explicit (NSFW, if anyone's at work on a Sunday). Mostly the good kind of explicit. But two of them ... not so much.The link:http://vk.com/wall-2...61?reply=506737If these images are legit (and they look pretty real), then they confirm three things:1) They're going all-in on the cave sequence. And Ygritte knows the value of a strong core. Hot damn. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />2) The bath scene is confirmed for this week's episode. And it's - how shall I say this - equal opportunity.3) Selyse doesn't appear to have kept her mustache (although that could just be poor quality on the image). She has, however, kept her stillborn babies in giant jars. Lovely. I think that we have a slightly better understanding of Stannis is so keen on avoiding his wife's bedchamber.Interesting pics, thanks.  LOL, Is that language Russian?  Its amusing to scroll down the comments--I can't understand a word, of course, but still see all the frowns, smiles and question marks, just like we'd see here.
4938	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	Really looking forward to the Cave and Bath scenes! Hopefully the writing does them justice (and with Bryan Cogman I imagine it will).
Dreading the Selyse scenes though (for reasons I mentioned in the "This is Bryan Cogman's Episode" thread).
4939	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	I came across some apparent screencaps from tonight's episode on IMDB. They're ... explicit (NSFW, if anyone's at work on a Sunday). Mostly the good kind of explicit. But two of them ... not so much.The link:http://vk.com/wall-2...61?reply=506737If these images are legit (and they look pretty real), then they confirm three things:1) They're going all-in on the cave sequence. And Ygritte knows the value of a strong core. Hot damn. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />2) The bath scene is confirmed for this week's episode. And it's - how shall I say this - equal opportunity.3) Selyse doesn't appear to have kept her mustache (although that could just be poor quality on the image). She has, however, kept her stillborn babies in giant jars. Lovely. I think that we have a slightly better understanding of Stannis is so keen on avoiding his wife's bedchamber.Nice find SoMany Vows! Where did that person get them? Did the episode run earlier somewhere?That cave looks absolutely gorgeous!Ygritte! Also, is it me, or is Gwendoline Christie looking mighty fine in that screencap?
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 28 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
4940	The Drunkard	2013-04-28	She keeps her stillborns in jars.
Why is every non-Davos character on Dragonstone so weird?
4941	Sun	2013-04-28	All I have to say - already said it on the other thread - is: bath scene, yay!
4942	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	She keeps her stillborns in jars.Why is every non-Davos character on Dragonstone so weird?I guess their filling up the weirdness quota that Patchface would have filled. Is it confirmed that Shireen is in this episode? I'm extremely curious as to how the greyscale is going to look
4943	Nick_Scryer	2013-04-28	I guess their filling up the weirdness quota that Patchface would have filled.Is it confirmed that Shireen is in this episode? I'm extremely curious as to how the greyscale is going to lookhttp://24.media.tumb...iw2kyo1_250.jpg
4944	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	http://24.media.tumb...iw2kyo1_250.jpgNice, thanks. Seems quite unobtrusive, but till noticeable. Btw, where is everyone getting these photos? Was the episode premiered earlier somewhere?
4945	Nick_Scryer	2013-04-28	Nice, thanks. Seems quite unobtrusive, but till noticeable.Btw, where is everyone getting these photos? Was the episode premiered earlier somewhere?No idea where the other photos were leaked from, but the Shireen pic is taken from the official HBO Viewers guide so I'm not sure if it's from ep5 or not.
4946	Eir	2013-04-28	Lord's Kiss!!!!!!! And the bath!!!
But the scene with Selyse looks really...well. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> We'll see what she says.
On Shireen--someone on Tumblr posted a shot of Kerry Ingram's Twitter feed. Apparently she's in!http://deisegal.tumb...shireeeeeeeeeen
4947	sati	2013-04-28	Those photos were taken by someone in Canada no doubt. Apparently they have a chance to watch the episodes on Sunday's mornings :/
4948	cybobbie	2013-04-28	I'm curious about the reactions from non readers here at home, specially regarding Beric and The Hound fight and what will happen to Arya, since they are so happy that she finally found a good group to stay with. As for myself, really excited about the cave scene and also to see Selyse and Shireen.
4949	King Tommen	2013-04-28	Those photos were taken by someone in Canada no doubt. Apparently they have a chance to watch the episodes on Sunday's mornings :/I live in Canada and I can pretty much guarantee you that this is not the case, unless I'm missing out on something.  We get to watch the episode at 9PM, same time as the US.
4950	sati	2013-04-28	I live in Canada and I can pretty much guarantee you that this is not the case, unless I'm missing out on something.  We get to watch the episode at 9PM, same time as the US.Some guy on imdb claims that people in Canada can watch it on HBO GO early. I think he is the one who made Jaime and his 'necklace' photo last week.
4951	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	Some guy on imdb claims that people in Canada can watch it on HBO GO early. I think he is the one who made Jaime and his 'necklace' photo last week.It's settled then. I'm moving to Canada.
4952	King Tommen	2013-04-28	Some guy on imdb claims that people in Canada can watch it on HBO GO early. I think he is the one who made Jaime and his 'necklace' photo last week.I'd be interested to see that because I just checked HBO Go here and they only have the first four episodes available.  Maybe he knows something the rest of us don't.
4953	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	The comments following those spoiler pics are all in Russian--or, at least I think its Russian.  Was yesterday Sunday in Russia, anybody know?  Or maybe GoT airs on Saturday in Russia?  Who knows..
4954	Sansa in the North	2013-04-28	So when I first saw the pictures, I assumed that the last two are about some other show. But then I noticed that the caption does indeed say Celica, which probably means Selyse. What the actual fuck?? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
4955	sati	2013-04-28	So when I first saw the pictures, I assumed that the last two are about some other show. But then I noticed that the caption does indeed say Celica, which probably means Selyse. What the actual fuck?? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />For a second I thought it was a pic from Alien Resurrection, but then I scrolled up and saw Rose Leslie's tits...
4956	White Rabbit	2013-04-28	3) Selyse doesn't appear to have kept her mustache (although that could just be poor quality on the image). She has, however, kept her stillborn babies in giant jars. Lovely.Seven hells, what are they doing with the Team Dragonstone? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
					
					
							Edited by White Rabbit, 28 April 2013 - 11:54 AM.
4957	Newstar	2013-04-28	Looks like there's going to be a whole lot of naked in 3x05. Not that I'm complaining, ahem.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 11:48 AM.
4958	vectner	2013-04-28	And blood, lets not forget the blood. Sex and Blood, yes this is going to be great!
					
					
							Edited by vectner, 28 April 2013 - 11:54 AM.
4959	King Tommen	2013-04-28	And I see some people are wondering if they get to see some Richard Maddon/Oona Chaplin nakedness this episode too... greedy, greedy.  Let's not let them blow their "main cast members taking off their clothes" wad all in one week shall we?
4960	The Monkey	2013-04-28	What the actual fuck is up with the babies in jars at Dragonstone?
4961	ebevan91	2013-04-28	And I see some people are wondering if they get to see some Richard Maddon/Oona Chaplin nakedness this episode too... greedy, greedy.  Let's not let them blow their "main cast members taking off their clothes" wad all in one week shall we?I don't think there's enough time for that this episode.
4962	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	And I see some people are wondering if they get to see some Richard Maddon/Oona Chaplin nakedness this episode too... greedy, greedy.  Let's not let them blow their "main cast members taking off their clothes" wad all in one week shall we?I did see in one of the previews that Robb's leather shirt/jacket/whatever is open to the waist, baring his chest.  Very tasty, indeed.../tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4963	sati	2013-04-28	I did see in one of the previews that Robb's leather shirt/jacket/whatever is open to the waist, baring his chest.  Very tasty, indeed... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />This is my most anticipated scene this week /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4964	Newstar	2013-04-28	And blood, lets not forget the blood. Sex and Blood, yes this is going to be great!Hahaha, House GOT: we shall take what is ours, with nudity and blood!
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 12:33 PM.
4965	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-28	I am so excited about this episode. Some reaaaaaally good scenes are coming up.
But what's with the babies in jars? Really, the directors are going out of their way to make Stannis look like the most horrible man in Westeros.
4966	Nezzer	2013-04-28	Tonight in Westeros.org, Selyse will become the nicest person in Westeros and everyone's favorite character, you'll see /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
4967	Sun	2013-04-28	I live in Canada and I can pretty much guarantee you that this is not the case, unless I'm missing out on something.  We get to watch the episode at 9PM, same time as the US.People on Reddit have seen the ep too, and uploaded screencaps of the cable service menu offering the ep.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 28 April 2013 - 01:35 PM.
4968	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	Tonight in Westeros.org, Selyse will become the nicest person in Westeros and everyone's favorite character, you'll see /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />HAHA, sooooo right!  BookSelyse was a magnificent literary creation, profoundly deep and nuanced.  Then, D and D came along and totally ruined everything.  Character assassination, I say!  Mysogyny at its worst! /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
4969	Nezzer	2013-04-28	HAHA, sooooo right!  BookSelyse was a magnificent literary creation, profoundly deep and nuanced.  Then, D and D came along and totally ruined everything.  Character assassination, I say!  Mysogyny at its worst! /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />It's already happening in the other thread of this section /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4970	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	It's already happening in the other thread of this section /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />All of a sudden Selyse has dignity and is likable. GRRM couldn't have been more clear that she's fucking stupid, annoying, and ugly.
4971	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	HAHA, sooooo right!  BookSelyse was a magnificent literary creation, profoundly deep and nuanced.  Then, D and D came along and totally ruined everything.  Character assassination, I say!  Mysogyny at its worst! /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />If you're going to mock me, you could at least make some sort of attempt to get my opinion correct. I said that Selyse was a strong character in the book (she is); she was simultaneously sympathetic and unlikeable. The show has reduced her to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.I had high hopes that D&D would show a more nuanced version of what was already in the books (like they did with Robert and Cersei in season one). But they don't even appear capable of performing a task that simple.I think some of you D&D apologists need to actually read about what I write instead of simply responding with "BOOK PURIST!!!"All of a sudden Selyse has dignity and is likable. GRRM couldn't have been more clear that she's fucking stupid, annoying, and ugly.Honestly, what's the point of reading a series as complex as ASOIAF if you're just going to absorb whatever the POV characters say as fact? Selyse is unattractive, she's not very intelligent, and she annoys the POV characters we see her through. But she's also proud and strong-willed - after all, she is the one who brought Melisandre to Dragonstone and basically ran Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 28 April 2013 - 01:56 PM.
4972	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	PatrickStormborn:How in hell am I mocking you???  I have no clue what your opinion is, and couldn't care less.  Jeez, get over yourself, already!  We were talking about GoT fandom in general and their reactions/over-reactions to every change made from book to show.  Cripes, the World of Westeros is seriously not about you!
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 28 April 2013 - 01:58 PM.
4973	King of the Road	2013-04-28	HAHA, sooooo right!  BookSelyse was a magnificent literary creation, profoundly deep and nuanced.  Then, D and D came along and totally ruined everything.  Character assassination, I say!  Mysogyny at its worst! /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />http://24.media.tumb...ii6tmo1_250.gifGreat stuff!
					
					
							Edited by King of the Road, 28 April 2013 - 02:00 PM.
4974	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Honestly, what's the point of reading a series as complex as ASOIAF if you're just going to absorb whatever the POV characters say as fact? Selyse is unattractive, she's not very intelligent, and she annoys the POV characters we see her through. But she's also proud and strong-willed - after all, she is the one who brought Melisandre to Dragonstone and basically ran Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater.I read the books because the majority of the characters are brilliant. Selyse is not one of them because she isn't meant to be. She is a caricature, an annoying entitled moron with no redeeming qualities who plays an extremely unimportant role. Maybe she's annoying because her husband mistreats her. Maybe she's annoying because she feels misery over the inability to produce a mail heir. But GRRM has taken 0 measures to develop these stories.Bringing Melisandre to Dragonstone was subjectively one of the worst things that she could have done and she ran Dragonstone...doing what exactly? We don't know the extent of what she did. So now being proud is a great quality in a person?
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 02:03 PM.
4975	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	If you're going to mock me, you could at least make some sort of attempt to get my opinion correct. I said that Selyse was a strong character in the book (she is); she was simultaneously sympathetic and unlikeable. The show has reduced her to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.I had high hopes that D&D would show a more nuanced version of what was already in the books (like they did with Robert and Cersei in season one). But they don't even appear capable of performing a task that simple.I think some of you D&D apologists need to actually read about what I write instead of simply responding with "BOOK PURIST!!!"Honestly, what's the point of reading a series as complex as ASOIAF if you're just going to absorb whatever the POV characters say as fact? Selyse is unattractive, she's not very intelligent, and she annoys the POV characters we see her through. But she's also proud and strong-willed - after all, she is the one who brought Melisandre to Dragonstone and basically ran Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater.1. How in the hell was that directed at you???2. Yeah, those two shots reduced her to a trope. Great Analysis.3.  So wer'e supposed to just imagine that Selyse is a great character? If GRRM wanted to flesh her out even a tiny bit, he wouldve done.4: The problem is, almost every single one of your posts is a complaint. You essentially embody book purism on this site. It's hard not to call you a book purist.5. No-one is "apologising" for D&D, because they don't need to be "apologized" for.6. Bryan Cogman is in all likelihood responsible for this change.
4976	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-28	Looking forward to Ygritte. Really looking forward to Ygritte...Not so much this baby jar thing. Jesus Christ.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 28 April 2013 - 02:16 PM.
4977	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	PatrickStormborn:How in hell am I mocking you???  I have no clue what your opinion is, and couldn't care less.  Jeez, get over yourself, already!  We were talking about GoT fandom in general and their reactions/over-reactions to every change made from book to show.  Cripes, the World of Westeros is seriously not about you!Well as far as I can see I'm the only poster who has been using the word "nuanced" when discussing Selyse, and I'm also pretty much the only one defending her (other people are criticising the changes made, but they're not actually defending Selyse).If it wasn't intentional, okay. But when you repeat exactly the same words and phrases that I've used, it certainly looks personal.I read the books because the majority of the characters are brilliant. Selyse is not one of them because she isn't meant to be. She is a caricature, an annoying entitled moron with no redeeming qualities who plays an extremely unimportant role. Maybe she's annoying because her husband mistreats her. Maybe she's annoying because she feels misery over the inability to produce a mail heir. But GRRM has taken 0 measures to develop these stories.Bringing Melisandre to Dragonstone was subjectively one of the worst things that she could have done and she ran Dragonstone...doing what exactly? We don't know the extent of what she did. So now being proud is a great quality in a person?Correction: bringing Melisandre to Dragonstone was the BEST thing she ever could have done. Melisandre won Stannis his army. If she hadn't been there, Renly would have taken King's Landing and Stannis would still be grinding his teeth at Dragonstone.Selyse was running Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater. We know that she took up all the duties that Stannis neglected. This is incredibly important in a heavily patriarchal society, and would have been great to see on the show. But seriously, do I really need to spoonfeed you every piece of information? All it takes is a little bit of thinking beyond what is written in the text.I never said being proud is a great quality (although it should be noted that 1) Selyse's pride is most likely the result of Stannis's lack of affection and cruelty to her, and 2) she is only as proud as Stannis is - that's why they're such interesting characters and had the potential for some really great scenes, Robert and Cersei style). But it IS a quality she possesses in the books which makes her a fully fleshed out, intriguing character.
4978	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	Well as far as I can see I'm the only poster who has been using the word "nuanced" when discussing Selyse, and I'm also pretty much the only one defending her (other people are criticising the changes made, but they're not actually defending Selyse).If it wasn't intentional, okay. But when you repeat exactly the same words and phrases that I've used, it certainly looks personal.Absolutely amazing.  I used the word 'nuanced' because I use the word nuanced for nuanced characters.  And I don't read your posts anymore on any of these threads so I have no clue what you think about Selyse or anybody else.  Get over yourself.
4979	Conchobar	2013-04-28	Really looking forward to the Cave and Bath scenes! Hopefully the writing does them justice (and with Bryan Cogman I imagine it will).So am I! I forget exactly what went down in SOS to be honest it has been so long, so I forget a lot of what went on in Jaime's arc.
4980	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Correction: bringing Melisandre to Dragonstone was the BEST thing she ever could have done. Melisandre won Stannis his army. If she hadn't been there, Renly would have taken King's Landing and Stannis would still be grinding his teeth at Dragonstone.Selyse was running Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater. We know that she took up all the duties that Stannis neglected. This is incredibly important in a heavily patriarchal society, and would have been great to see on the show. But seriously, do I really need to spoonfeed you every piece of information? All it takes is a little bit of thinking beyond what is written in the text.I never said being proud is a great quality (although it should be noted that 1) Selyse's pride is most likely the result of Stannis's lack of affection and cruelty to her, and 2) she is only as proud as Stannis is - that's why they're such interesting characters and had the potential for some really great scenes, Robert and Cersei style). But it IS a quality she possesses in the books which makes her a fully fleshed out, intriguing character.I said subjective, because we don't really even know what will become of Stannis or Mel. Stannis ignores Davos' advice that the price he will pay for using Mel's magic cannot even be paid by winning the Iron Throne. We'll have to wait and see.You don't know whether Selyse really did anything besides organize Nightfires, or if their Maester/Castellan did. You'e just assuming so that you can now pretend Selyse is awesome to have more grounds to whine and complain like you do every thread, every week.Stannis cruelty toward her is probably also a result of her being an insufferable moron. It goes both ways. You just tried to compare Robert and Cersei to Stannis and Selyse? She's not fucking fleshed out at all this is beyond ridiculous to claim that. I hate to be a drama queen but I can't read your stuff anymore so there's one less person you'll have to argue with.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 02:19 PM.
4981	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-28	1. How in the hell was that directed at you???2. Yeah, those two shots reduced her to a trope. Great Analysis.3.  So wer'e supposed to just imagine that Selyse is a great character? If GRRM wanted to flesh her out even a tiny bit, he wouldve done.4: The problem is, almost every single one of your posts is a complaint. You essentially embody book purism on this site. It's hard not to call you a book purist.5. No-one is "apologising" for D&D, because they don't need to be "apologized" for.6. Bryan Cogman is in all likelihood responsible for this change.Already explained.There are two photos of Selyse staring at babies kept in jars, suggesting that she is a lunatic. But that is not my only evidence; in the second episode of season two, Melisandre says several things about Selyse: she is confined to a tower, she has given Stannis "no sons", only "stillborns", only "death", and she "disgusts" Stannis. All of this suggests the "mad woman in the attic" trope. It doesn't take a genius to piece this together.No. You're supposed to read beyond what the POV characters think of her. We see her through the perspectives of Cressen, Davos and Jon, but we never see her from her own perspective. Can you imagine what we'd think of the other characters if we never saw them from their own perspective?No, I complain about bad TV. Most of the reasons the show is "bad TV" is because they make stupid changes that rely heavily on overused tropes. But I praise the show when it deserves it (I was very positive about the Dracarys scene in the last episode, for example).Agree to disagree.I've already explained why this is incredibly unlikely. D&D are responsible for the changes - they make the calls. Cogman can only make suggestions, and his role in the series is literally to keep the show as close to the books as possible. Why would he make this change?
4982	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	I can't read your stuff anymore so there's one less person you'll have to argue with.Two.
4983	Sansa in the North	2013-04-28	So now being proud is a great quality in a person?Selyse's pride isn't the arrogant kind. It's the dignified pride that helps her to hold her head high, despite the fact that Stannis is cheating on her, and run Dragonstone while Stannis is brooding and grinding his teeth. It's the one admirable thing about her, I admit there isn't much else. PatrickStormborn: Agree so much with everything you're saying. Out of praise.
4984	Newstar	2013-04-28	People on Reddit have seen the ep too, and uploaded screencaps of the cable service menu offering the ep.Bastards! No spoilers, though. Dammit.I kind of feel like Homer Simpson when it comes to wanting spoilers fewer than 6 hours before the episode airs:Moe: I got it used from the Navy. You could flash fry a buffalo in 40 seconds!Homer: 40 seconds? But I want it now!On the plus side of the jar baby fiasco, I learned a new word: "canopic" (as in "canopic jars"). The more you know!
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 02:31 PM.
4985	King Tommen	2013-04-28	To be clear about Cogman's role, it's to be the encyclopedic resource of all things book-related.  For example, if they are thinking about how a certain character should be introduced, they go to him to recall exactly how it was done in the books.
This is not the same thing as keeping things as faithful as possible to the books.  That's a big assumption.  All of the people involved are huge fans of the books, he just has read them more than anyone else.  That doesn't mean that he would never have a suggestion on how to adapt something differently.
I think Brian himself would disagree with the notion that it's some kind of tug-of-war with him and D&D where he wants everything to be 100% faithful and they always want to change things.
He's responsible for guiding out the arcs of Arya, Bran, and Stannis/Davos/Mel this season so it would stand to reason that he probably came up or helped flesh out most of the major beats with these arcs.  The "Mel going to the BwB for Gendry" is almost assuredly a change that he was a huge part of seeing as it involves the two stories he's running.
4986	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Selyse's pride isn't the arrogant kind. It's the dignified pride that helps her to hold her head high, despite the fact that Stannis is cheating on her, and run Dragonstone while Stannis is brooding and grinding his teeth. It's the one admirable thing about her, I admit there isn't much else.PatrickStormborn: Agree so much with everything you're saying. Out of praise.Selyse isn't arrogant? LOL.
4987	Jojosh	2013-04-28	Yeah I know that's the one thing about her character that is blatantly obvious if not almost a necessary trait for someone of her status lol
Its gonna be so much funner to see her raving and down in the dumps just like Mel described her in season 2
4988	Sansa in the North	2013-04-28	Selyse isn't arrogant? LOL.She is. I could have chosen my words better, I guess. My point is that she also has a sort of inner pride that helps her get along even though everyone knows Stannis is cheating on her (to the point that Melisandre is looked to as his real Queen) and people make fun of her moustache.
4989	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	She is. I could have chosen my words better, I guess. My point is that she also has a sort of inner pride that helps her get along even though everyone knows Stannis is cheating on her (to the point that Melisandre is looked to as his real Queen) and people make fun of her moustache.I consider that to be disillusioned and pompous more than proud, and I doubt anyone makes fun of her moustache to her face since she is the queen, so I don't know if she is even aware of it. But I will give you that her ability to continue to do her duty and not whimper/feel sorry for herself is at least a quality in her, and possibly the only one.
4990	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	A nice still of Tywin from tonight's episode.  He's looking contemplative, mental wheels are turning...http://wicnet.tumblr...age/49092337260
4991	Newstar	2013-04-28	A nice still of Tywin from tonight's episode.  He's looking contemplative, mental wheels are turning...http://wicnet.tumblr...age/49092337260Oh, no, he's thinking! Everyone run for it!There was another still of Sansa from 3x05 floating around, and her hair was done differently than in the promo. Two Sansa scenes in the same episode? Be still, my heart!
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 02:52 PM.
4992	Associate Maester	2013-04-28	If you're going to mock me, you could at least make some sort of attempt to get my opinion correct. I said that Selyse was a strong character in the book (she is); she was simultaneously sympathetic and unlikeable. The show has reduced her to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.I had high hopes that D&D would show a more nuanced version of what was already in the books (like they did with Robert and Cersei in season one). But they don't even appear capable of performing a task that simple.I think some of you D&D apologists need to actually read about what I write instead of simply responding with "BOOK PURIST!!!"Honestly, what's the point of reading a series as complex as ASOIAF if you're just going to absorb whatever the POV characters say as fact? Selyse is unattractive, she's not very intelligent, and she annoys the POV characters we see her through. But she's also proud and strong-willed - after all, she is the one who brought Melisandre to Dragonstone and basically ran Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater.Amen to your points about Selyse.  Views that many other people share. Maybe not here, but at least on other sites. Good grief--POV bias people. She isn't nice. She isn't likeable. She also helped run things while Stannis was depressed.  Stannis respects her enough to consider her counsel. As to what the show does. I'm curious to see how it plays out and if I don't like it. Oh well. I'll stick with book Selyse in my head. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4993	Sansa in the North	2013-04-28	I consider that to be disillusioned and pompous more than proud, and I doubt anyone makes fun of her moustache to her face since she is the queen, so I don't know if she is even aware of it. But I will give you that her ability to continue to do her duty and not whimper/feel sorry for herself is at least a quality in her, and possibly the only one.OK, agreed.That picture of Tywin is great! Charles Dance is really amazing!EDIT: The show could give Selyse some of Patchface's role, to give the actress more to do, seeing s PF isn't cast. I'd be OK with that. She could predict the RW or whatnot, like Patches did in the books. Or would that be too obvious on the show?
					
					
							Edited by Sansa in the North, 28 April 2013 - 02:51 PM.
4994	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Oh, no, he's thinking! Everyone run for it!That's his happy face /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4995	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-28	If she's proud or arrogant or dignified is very subjective. Someone may argue that acting like nothing is happening while your husband is cheating on you is dignity while others may say is stupidity.  When these kinds of traits are seen in a character one chooses a view that relates better to one's own way of thinking. I'm in the second group so I'd hardly see Selyse as proud or dignified. That, IF I was inclined to have an opinion on that regard at all because in reality, I never even stopped to consider her as a relevant character I should 'care' about. She's a religious freak and a nuisance, I don't think she deserves more 'analysis' from me.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 28 April 2013 - 02:55 PM.
4996	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	Oh, no, he's thinking! Everyone run for it!He's probably figured out how to out-plot the Tyrells and is now contemplating how Tyrion's gonna look in a wedding tux.Or, as someone over at TWoP said, he's thinking 'hmmm, somebody didn't use a coaster.'/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4997	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	He's probably figured out how to out-plot the Tyrells and is now contemplating how Tyrion's gonna look in a wedding tux.Or, as someone over at TWoP said, he's thinking 'hmmm, somebody didn't use a coaster.' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />If a member, from another house, can come into my chambers, and place a drink upon my table, without the use of a coaster, then we are no longer a house to be feared.(Commas supposed to mimic the awesome Chance Dance cadence).
4998	King in the North Carolina	2013-04-28	Looking forward to Ygritte. Really looking forward to Ygritte...I don't consider myself a D&D apologist, but I, too, am strongly in favor of Rose Leslie's nude body.
4999	Newstar	2013-04-28	If a member, from another house, can come into my chambers, and place a drink upon my table, without the use of a coaster, then we are no longer a house to be feared.I can't "like" this, but hahahahahaha!He's probably figured out how to out-plot the Tyrells and is now contemplating how Tyrion's gonna look in a wedding tux.I think we've already seen how Tyrion's going to look in his wedding outfit; it's pretty much what he always wears, except red instead of the black he wears now. Now that we've seen the interior of the sept, that background with candles can only be one thing. The linked gif is taken from one of HBO's winter promos from back in January or something.Since Myrcella stated on the show that wedding dresses are ivory, I'm kind of surprised that judging from promos, Sansa's dress appears to be green/gold, unless it really is a last-minute bait and switch.I don't consider myself a D&D apologist, but I, too, am strongly in favor of Rose Leslie's nude body.Mixing fandoms here, but so say we all. Damn, girl.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 28 April 2013 - 03:17 PM.
5000	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	I can't "like" this, but hahahahahaha!I think we've already seen how Tyrion's going to look in his wedding outfit. Now that we've seen the interior of the sept, that background with candles can only be one thing. The linked gif is taken from one of HBO's winter promos from back in January or something.Okay, so the Tyrion wedding tux isn't the answer to that Tywin pic, so... its gotta be the coaster.  'Hmmm, what, should be, a lion's response, to a sheep, who doesn't use a coaster...'
5001	The Monkey	2013-04-28	I hope they keep in the line about making the Karstark guy who was just the look out getting hung last.Aye, I wonder if the show will keep the one sadistic side we ever saw of Robb.
5002	Loras	2013-04-28	To be fair, I do quite like book!Selyse but mainly because she makes Jon's life difficult.
5003	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	My father, after my mother died, saw fit to go around casterly rock, waving his tankard around, and placing it on tables without a coaster. He brought shame upon our house. Men laughed behind his back, at the circular stains on his tables. Woodslayer, they called him. I will not make the same mistake. The next whore that places a drink directly upon my furniture I'll hang. Now go.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 03:26 PM.
5004	thewalkindude19	2013-04-28	4. No, I complain about bad TV. Most of the reasons the show is "bad TV" is because they make stupid changes that rely heavily on overused tropes. But I praise the show when it deserves it (I was very positive about the Dracarys scene in the last episode, for example).Is GoT really bad TV? It's not as good as the books, by a country mile, but it's still better than anything else currently on TV (with the possible exception of Breaking Bad).
					
					
							Edited by thewalkindude19, 28 April 2013 - 03:31 PM.
5005	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	My father, after my mother died, saw fit to go around casterly rock, waving his tankard around, and placing it on tables without a coaster. He brought shame upon our house. Men laughed behind his back, at the circular stains on his tables. Woodslayer, they called him. I will not make the same mistake. The next whore that places a drink directly upon my furniture I'll hang. Now go. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />This one's for you.http://img.photobuck...faire/tywin.jpgAnd this one's for everybody.http://img.photobuck...turejonsnow.jpg
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 28 April 2013 - 04:24 PM.
5006	BastardFromTheNorth	2013-04-28	Im going to guess that the blood leeches (Stannis sacrifices leeches and calls for Robb, Balon, and Joffery's death) are also in this episode or next
5007	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-28	I hope this episode is at least 30% or more Jon Snow and the Wildings, we need a lot more of them to make up for so little thus far, especially since "The Climb" is next week. That being said I'm glad we are gonna get at least soem Dany after next week, I'm curious how they'll introduce Yunkai and the next phase of her plan (and I want to see Yunkai on the intro map!). As for the rest, I think they do need to stick mostly with Jaime and Harrenhal, reintroduce Qyburn and Roose Bolton. This also links back to the need for more Robb and the Northern campaign. We don't need any more KL for now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Enough of that!!! Oh.... did I forget to mention Arya!!!!! and Bran!!!
Seriously, I hope this everything but KL.... but of course I caught that their is at least one small council scene, and a shot of Sansa. And no sign of Bran. Can we please get some good ol' Jojeen and Meera explain all time!!
5008	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-28	http://wicnet.tumblr...age/49092337260
He's day dreaming...http://24.media.tumb...kyhuao1_250.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/izDol.gif
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 28 April 2013 - 04:52 PM.
5009	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	http://wicnet.tumblr...age/49092337260He's day dreaming...http://24.media.tumb...kyhuao1_250.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/izDol.gifHAHA, he'd hang you if he saw those!  No, he'd skin you like a stag first, and then hang you!/laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
5010	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Wow...wow...
5011	iheartseverus	2013-04-28	Wow...wow...Scroll back a few posts, I posted a pic just for you...
5012	Mammothsbane	2013-04-28	What the actual fuck is up with those babies in jars?
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!
5013	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	Scroll back a few posts, I posted a pic just for you...I saw it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5014	Anwar	2013-04-28	It's the stillborn children Melisandre was talking about.
5015	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-28	What the actual fuck is up with those babies in jars?WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!It's to troll the guys. They'll show up in the scene right after Ygritte gets naked.
5016	Mammothsbane	2013-04-28	It's the stillborn children Melisandre was talking about.I kinda took her word for it. I don't need to see Sel's souvenir collection..
5017	King Kev.	2013-04-28	A nice still of Tywin from tonight's episode.  He's looking contemplative, mental wheels are turning...http://wicnet.tumblr...age/49092337260Tywin sitting in his thinking chair. You know he's just plotting to fuck up someone's life.
5018	Kasrith	2013-04-28	I really hope we get another Bran dream, even if he appears for a couple of seconds just to show that he's still developing that.
5019	Currawong	2013-04-28	Patrick Stormborn, it is one thing to criticise an episode AFTER you have seen it - but in this case you are condemning the writers before the episode has aired, on the basis on one tiny still pic.   That is prejudice indeed.
5020	King Kev.	2013-04-28	If you're going to mock me, you could at least make some sort of attempt to get my opinion correct. I said that Selyse was a strong character in the book (she is); she was simultaneously sympathetic and unlikeable. The show has reduced her to the "mad woman in the attic" trope.I had high hopes that D&D would show a more nuanced version of what was already in the books (like they did with Robert and Cersei in season one). But they don't even appear capable of performing a task that simple.I think some of you D&D apologists need to actually read about what I write instead of simply responding with "BOOK PURIST!!!"Honestly, what's the point of reading a series as complex as ASOIAF if you're just going to absorb whatever the POV characters say as fact? Selyse is unattractive, she's not very intelligent, and she annoys the POV characters we see her through. But she's also proud and strong-willed - after all, she is the one who brought Melisandre to Dragonstone and basically ran Dragonstone after the Battle of the Blackwater.You haven't even seen the episode yet. You have no idea how Selyse is going to be portrayed. You just look at one simple screencap and make these accusations? It's one thing to draw assumptions, but you act like this is fact. Hell, once you see the episode, and if it's how you thought it was going to be, you can say all you want. But you haven't seen it yet. Get over yourself.
