nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2012-04-15	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
2	Boar Hunter	2012-04-15	I can't recall when and exactly why Craster did tell the Watch to get out of his keep; obviously it wasn't because Jon followed him into the woods to give a male baby to an Other.
3	Boar Hunter	2012-04-15	On another note, I can't wait to see the armor of Renly's men and just how ugly this Brienne is really going to be.
4	Boar Hunter	2012-04-15	3 posts in a row.....apologies, but Sir Loras just said that Margery was a "virgin officially," implying she may not be (bro sis incest with her bisexual brother?). It could also just be a line included for viewers since the actress playing her is in her early twenties.
However, I don't think that bodes well for her and her impending trial with the Faith, presumably at the beginning of Winds of Winter. I do believe that her trial will not go the way we are supposed to expect it will, and her execution will set off a firestorm of violence from the Tyrells (finally).
5	Ice Turtle	2012-04-15	Don t feel sorry I'm rather interested in what's going on, but I have to wait, so I'm happy for anything anyone want to share.
6	Ser Hippie	2012-04-15	So LF is sent to Renly to negotiate with Catelyn apparently (based on Tyrion's comments and the pictures we've already seen showing them together)? Not sure if that works logistically, but could be pretty interesting.
I really liked tonight's episode, I wish the battle between Lorch and the Night's Watch had been a little less low-key since it's one of my favorite scenes in the book (and Yoren one of my favorite characters), but I think it was handled pretty well. Unsurprisingly, they're cutting some of the unnecessary Arya bits between that battle and Harrenhal, presumably they'll have Gregor and his gang torture some people there for Arya's prayer to come to be.
7	Mark Antony	2012-04-15	great episode, only thing i didn't like was Shae/Sansa.
8	dtones520	2012-04-15	Peter Dinklage is so incredible as Tyrion. When I read the books now all I can picture is him as Tyrion.
9	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-04-15	Wow they really condensed a lot into one episode. Loved every minute of it, though. I also wish the battle with Yoren and Ser Amory's men had been more like the scene in the book, but oh well. Myabe we'll get lucky and some other scene will have Maisie screaming "WINTERFELL!" LOL
Overall I thought this was a great episode. Waiting for next Sunday is going to suuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!
10	ckal	2012-04-15	Only things I didn't like where the Renly/Loras/Margeary and Sansa/Shae scenes. Everything else was really great. Probably the best episode so far this season.
11	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	I have to say that the budget restraints sometimes bother me.  I liked the scene between Yoren and Arya  but I woiuld have liked that they showed that the men fought the Lannisters plus Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie kind of shine in that moment.  The Craster scene was kind of strange.  I was surprised that Mormont was so accepting of the fact that Craster gives his sons to the others.
Maisie was great in this episode.  Sophia did a pretty good job...I liked the Renly stuff though I'm a little questioning about Margarey.  Idk there was a lot of Tyrion in this episode I could do with less.  However the guy who plays Varys nails it everytime he's on screen.  Shae is a waste.  I loved the Bran scenes.
12	Fez	2012-04-15	Great episode, I liked it a lot more than last week. I was kinda hoping this would be the episode Dany met with the envoys from Qarth, but there really wouldn't have been enough screen time for that.
I'm really liking the Greyjoys; far more than I ever liked Theon's chapters (pre-adwd) which I always considered a drag.
13	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-15	Excellent episode and my favorite of the season so far. Yoren really stole the show with his bravery though I was disappointed they didn't let Arya and the recruits work out there exploration bit, Other than that the bit between Renly and Margaery in his chambers was perfect as was Theon's explosive anger at Balon. I will say though the Shae and Sansa bit threw me off as is Littlefinger going to do the negotiations. I guess we'll have to see how it all plays out over the next few episodes.
14	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	There were two very strong parts of this episode, the entire Renly section starting with Brienne dominating Loras and ending with them effectively showing why they aged up Margaery and that is to make her a plotting BAMF.  And then Tyrion's three-fold scene with Pycelle, Varys and Littlefinger was executed so greatly.
15	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-15	The scene with Tyrion manipulating the other council members was shot beautifully
16	Dornish Hen	2012-04-15	Alas poor Yoren, we loved you well!!!  
Even with the few changes from the book, the episode was great.  Although, why didn't they introduce Damphair as his Uncle?  Is it not supposed to be Damphair?
Other than that, I thought it was well done.
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 15 April 2012 - 09:06 PM.
17	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.Oh shut up.  It's in the books and it's hypocritical to not bitch about "heteroism."
18	dtones520	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show. It's important to build Renly as a character. To show a rather arrogant man in all other aspects of being a king, but his duty to provide an heir, he cannot do because of his sexuality.
19	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	That said I like Alphie as Theon though I dono't like Gemma Whelan as Asha. She's very "blah" in the way that he delivers dialogue.  Asha has a lot of charisma, it'd be nice if they didn't change that part of her personality.  Also I don't know why they keep making Cersei so likeable.
20	legba11	2012-04-15	Excellent, excellent.  Tight storytelling, very little wasted space in this episode.  I wonder how many purist heads exploded when they read Theon's letter?
This was as good as last week's without the excessive HBOness dragging it down.
21	Trebla	2012-04-15	Another strong episode. Can't wait for the full BRIENNE SHOULD BE UGLIER rage! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> To me it's no different than the Tyrion is too handsome stuff. In this show Tyrion's problems are that he is a dwarf. Him being ugly as well isn't necessary. Brienne is tall (huge!) and a woman. That's more than enough "negatives".
Alas for Yoren. Loved his backstory.
Was interesting to see how the writers simplified some storylines. Shae working for Sansa and Arya immeditately being caught by the Lannisters. Makes sense for a 10 episode season.
I'm gonna miss Renly. Just when he was becoming more interesting.
22	ckal	2012-04-15	And yes they really did condense A LOT into this episode which made sense. It is setting up things quicker and will allow the show to spend more time in other areas.
23	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-15	...The Craster scene was kind of strange.  I was surprised that Mormont was so accepting of the fact that Craster gives his sons to the others.Keep in mind he has the same attitude in the book. Where they are the laws are different, in fact Craster has no law to bend to beyond the Wall that would match what those men were use to. By "doing something" about his actions they would have lost an ally who had always provided food and shelter to the Night's Watch as well as potentially caused a host of other ethical and legal issues as well.
					
					
							Edited by The Nerdly Knight, 15 April 2012 - 09:03 PM.
24	Megara	2012-04-15	great episode, only thing i didn't like was Shae/Sansa.I hated that scene, I really think Sansa was way too out of character =7 ...
25	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.Seriously? You realize you don't HAVE to type everything the little homophobic voice in your head tells you to, right? I loved this episode. Thought it greatly improved on the first 2 of the season. Not one wasted scene. Liked how they condensed Shae's arc from bouncing from brothel to Lollys to Sansa. Loved how Sansa's hair was exactly like Cersei's. Thought it was a nice touch. Also loved Lena's rage at Myrcella being sent away. Finally seeing shades of book Cersei. I'll have more to add after I watch it again. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
26	Boar Hunter	2012-04-15	I keep seeing people say the scene between Sansa and Shae was no good. But if you think about it, they are really just staying true to the book and the crap that was that chapter.
PWND hahaha
27	Trebla	2012-04-15	Only things I didn't like where the Renly/Loras/Margeary and Sansa/Shae scenes. Everything else was really great. Probably the best episode so far this season.The mA©nage A  trois worked for me. Shae didn't. I don't know, I just find  tv Shae completely uninteresting.
28	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.I liked that scene.  I liked Loras for the first time in this episode.  I think it's important to establish Margarey and Loras for the benefit of future seasons.Also all they did was kiss...I mean you didn't see Renly give him a BJ...also "unattractive"?  Also it explains the actions of Loras in future seasons.
29	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.Whoa!!  Did you really just say that? Really? Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plenty attractive.  Indeed  ttâ<U+0080><U+0099>s quite a bit more attractive than a lot of the senseless banging and gratuitous tit scenes going on in this series.I doubt that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s there just to make you uncomfortable, although if it were, well, that would be ok, too.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 15 April 2012 - 09:09 PM.
30	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-04-15	I agree about TV Shae. Not sure if its the writing or the actress, but she is far less interesting on the show than she is in the book. I wish they'd fix that.
31	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	Another strong episode. Can't wait for the full BRIENNE SHOULD BE UGLIER rage! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> To me it's no different than the Tyrion is too handsome stuff. In this show Tyrion's problems are that he is a dwarf. Him being ugly as well isn't necessary. Brienne is tall (huge!) and a woman. That's more than enough "negatives".Alas for Yoren. Loved his backstory.Was interesting to see how the writers simplified some storylines. Shae working for Sansa and Arya immeditately being caught by the Lannisters. Makes sense for a 10 episode season.I'm gonna miss Renly. Just when he was becoming more interesting.This times 100. But I love Brienne's look. I think she looks amazing. And she's f-ing HUGE, Trebs. HUGE. I appreciate Yoren's story as a segue into Arya's own prayer. I'm really liking the choices the writers are making in condensing the book.
32	Nymphetamine	2012-04-15	Thought it was a great episode. Would have liked to have seen some Davos, Stannis and Mel though. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
33	Boar Hunter	2012-04-15	It's important to build Renly as a character. To show a rather arrogant man in all other aspects of being a king, but his duty to provide an heir, he cannot do because of his sexuality.Interestingly to readers, Margery acknowledges Renly and Loras' relationship, and is more than okay with Renly getting his nut in whatever way he has to.She is so much older in the show that it really changes the sexual dynamic that is so important to her story.
34	redraike	2012-04-15	I liked the part where Will Smith punches the alien in the face and says 'Welcome to Earth!'
Oh wait.  Wrong forum.
35	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-15	I wonder how many purist heads exploded when they read Theon's letter?I liked that part. Theon's arrogance/cockiness seems to be toned down a bit for the showThough some of Asha's cruel remarks toward him seem forced.
36	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	I'm gonna miss Renly. Just when he was becoming more interesting.Same here.  The show has fleshed out his character more than the books did and just as he becomes a character worth getting behind, he's gonna die.  I think his death will be more heartbreaking on the show than it was in the books.
37	Josephxoxo	2012-04-15	It's in the books and it's hypocritical to not bitch about "heteroism."They could have displayed the same thing without all the making out. It was so unneccessary. I don't bitch about heteroism because every scene in the show so far displayed a purpose. (Jaime and Cersei in the tower for example.)
38	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-15	Great Episode!  Loved every minute of it.  I like how they have streamlined Shae's story line.  We really don't need Lorrys--Bronn can marry someone who has not been scene on-screen---her name/title is what matters.
39	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	They could have displayed the same thing without all the making out. It was so unneccessary. I don't bitch about heteroism because every scene in the show so far displayed a purpose. (Jaime and Cersei in the tower for example.)Nothing was wrong with it though. It wasn't gratuitous like the scene where the chick is fingering the other chick while Littlefinger was talking.  I have a feeling it bothered you seeing two men making out.
					
					
							Edited by Jack's Smirking Revenge, 15 April 2012 - 09:14 PM.
40	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.Wow, not even sure where to begin. I admit I am curious why the use of "homoism." Either you mean deference to gay people, which is certainly ridiculous because we've seen more breeding and inbreeding than is really "important" without seeing so much as a bare backside from Loras or Renly. Or you mean homosexuality generally, though you feel some need to demean gay people in the process. As others have already pointed out, it's important to show how different Renly's relationship with Loras and Margaery were and how it affected his decisions. If anything is unattractive here, it's your base opinion.
41	ckal	2012-04-15	trebla-
That Renly scene wasn't bad, but I just am not a big fan of it. I realize HBO has to make people care about Renly more than what the book explicitly gives, and this is the way they are doing it. I think it is smart to make him a complex character with weaknesses based on how they have been portraying him.
But I feel this could have been avoided if they just made him the lovable Renly from the books that we all know. People would get attached to him just because of his personality, but in the show he is a complete 180, so they need to do something to make him more interesting.
jack's smirking revenge-
I'm with you about Loras, I actually liked him this episode a good deal, they did a fine job with his character here.
42	Tsavong Lah	2012-04-15	I really enjoyed the Renly and Margaery scene. I think it sets up her character in a great way, showing that she really understands "the game".
Tyrion and the small council members was great as well.
Not sure I have much in the way of complaints. Some things were definitely changed due to budget, which while frustrating are also understandable.
43	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	They could have displayed the same thing without all the making out. It was so unneccessary. I don't bitch about heteroism because every scene in the show so far displayed a purpose. (Jaime and Cersei in the tower for example.)Now that is hilarious.  GoT is known for unnecessary gratuitous sex, and this wasn't even sex, it was kissing.  It was much more necessary to the story than any sex we've seen with Roz or even Theon to date.  Get over your homophobia.
44	Boar Hunter	2012-04-15	That said I like Alphie as Theon though I dono't like Gemma Whelan as Asha. She's very "blah" in the way that he delivers dialogue.  Asha has a lot of charisma, it'd be nice if they didn't change that part of her personality.  Also I don't know why they keep making Cersei so likeable.I don't want to sound like a misogynist, but Asha is supposed to be hot. Isn't she supposed to be hot? It's been so long since I read her physical description by GRRM, but I sure have been picturing her as a sexy brunette, who's sexual deviance really turned me on. This actress may have a great personality in real life, but she really doesn't do it for me in the looks department.
45	Trebla	2012-04-15	[Mod] Let's be very clear here. Homophobia is NOT tolerated on this board. Consider this a warning[/Mod]
46	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	I really enjoyed the Renly and Margaery scene. I think it sets up her character in a great way, showing that she really understands "the game".I agree.  And while I always stood behind the Natalie Dormer casting decision, I think this episode showed why it will be much more beneficial to have someone older who can fight against Cersei in later seasons.
47	NW Deserter	2012-04-15	Best episode of the season, by far. I loved the editing of Tyrion's meeting with the council members, and then him capturing Pycelle was awesome. I think my favorite little change was Yoren giving his backstory and introducing the idea of a nightly prayer to Arya. Great way to condense the storytelling a bit.
Next week looks to be full of iconic book scenes! The peach, the shadowbaby, Joffrey abusing Sansa, Ser Gregor punishing his prisoners...gonna be awesome!
48	Ran	2012-04-15	I've no problem with Theon's letter even on a purist front. Days, maybe weeks, pass between Theon's two chapters, and nothing says he didn't go from that first meeting with his father pondering whether to warn Robb. Obviously they've adjusted the timing, but anyways, no issue. Not least because it's a brilliantly executed sequence. The only thing that would have improved it is if Theon did the hard-core drowning ceremony, not just the baptismal thing that passes for it these days, to prove himself. That would have been amazing to have on the screen.
49	ckal	2012-04-15	Maester Lewin and Bran scenes are gold.
Tyrion and the council scenes were gold.
Tyrion/Cersei was gold.
The Greyjoys scene was gold.
Night's Watch scene was gold.
Renly's tournament scene was gold.
Loooooot of great stuff here in this episode.
50	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	I don't want to sound like a misogynist, but Asha is supposed to be hot. Isn't she supposed to be hot? It's been so long since I read her physical description by GRRM, but I sure have been picturing her as a sexy brunette, who's sexual deviance really turned me on. This actress may have a great personality in real life, but she really doesn't do it for me in the looks department.I agree with you. I'm a woman but that was one of my complaints. However I could have ignored her look (Like I ignore the fact that Theon and Balon look nothing like the books) if she actually played Asha like she's supposed to.  She' funny, witty, and has a great deal of charisma.  Gemma is just....bleh.
51	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	I don't know, I just find  tv Shae completely uninteresting.I don't find her uninteresting exactly, but I feel like they have something planned for her that we just don't know about yet.  Her whole mysterious backstory, and now she's taking handmaid lessons from Sansa - they definitely seem to be setting her up to be someone who is used to being on the other side of that situation.  I really do think she is supposed to be some highborn lady from somewhere - and her scene with Sansa definitely added to that.
52	End of Disc One	2012-04-15	I don't want to sound like a misogynist, but Asha is supposed to be hot. Isn't she supposed to be hot?No, I don't know why so many people think this.  This is how she's described: http://awoiaf.wester...sha_Greyjoy.jpgStill a freak in bed though I'm sure
53	Mr. E	2012-04-15	I agree with some of the others on here that Tyrion's plotting scene with Pycelle, Varys and Littlefinger was probably the best things done this season. I really like the way they cut it as well; it actually took me a second to figure out what they were doing and then I was like, whoa, dude, nice camerawork.
I also think the writers and Alfie Allen are doing a great job selling Theon's turn. I thought the books did a decent job of it, but only decent, and even that wouldn't have flown in a visual medium. But Alfie's face and mannerisms really sell it.
54	congokong	2012-04-15	Not sure why they rushed the whole thing with Shae in the Red Keep, and a lot of screen time was wasted on it. Her character is so rude too for a whore. Even a married woman in that culture wouldn't behave like she did.
I hear people have drinking games that they take a drink whenever a character dies. Instead they should take shots whenever the show diverges from the book. Everyone will be on the floor by episode's end.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 15 April 2012 - 09:19 PM.
55	Josephxoxo	2012-04-15	Now that is hilarious. GoT is known for unnecessary gratuitous sex, and this wasn't even sex, it was kissing. It was much more necessary to the story than any sex we've seen with Roz or even Theon to date. Get over your homophobia.........Why bring GoT? I'm only talking about this episode. It was a good episode except for that and Sansa's scene with Shae. Shae's a pretty bad actor by the way and a very uniteresting chatacter in the tv show. You're probably going to demean me for that to.
56	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	That Renly scene wasn't bad, but I just am not a big fan of it. I realize HBO has to make people care about Renly more than what the book explicitly gives, and this is the way they are doing it. I think it is smart to make him a complex character with weaknesses based on how they have been portraying him.But I feel this could have been avoided if they just made him the lovable Renly from the books that we all know. People would get attached to him just because of his personality, but in the show he is a complete 180, so they need to do something to make him more interesting.See, I feel like for maybe the first time, we're seeing the carefree, lovable Renly from the books in tonight's episode. His amusement at the melee, his bemusement at Brienne's request...he even gave her a little wink! I said to Dub, "Finally, there's the Renly we know and love!" (but a more complex version, which I enjoy). I'm loving Natalie Dormer's portrayal of Margaery so far. You can definitely see the "Queen of Thorns" influence on her. I understand in aging her you had to make her even more savvy than her book counterpart, but I don't think this is beyond reason of even her book character. I think she's a very savvy, but underrated player of the game. (With the QoT as your gram, you'd have to be daft to not be.)
57	ckal	2012-04-15	Boar Hunter-
One thing I remember of GRRM's description of Asha was that she had a nose too big for her face. She was also lean I believe he mentioned. Don't remember all of it.
58	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-15	I can only think back to a thread on ASOIAF sex, and some people saying "George! The books have had plenty of lesbian sex, throw us ladies a bone!" Buahahaha, I think Benioff and Weiss delivered. I loved the scene between Renly and Loras. It was funny, cute, and character-building all at the same time. Margaery being a political lioness worked well too. 
I loved Tyrion -- so happy "goats" made it into the episode. His manipulation was well-played too. 
And damn, Yoren went out like a bamf.
59	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	No, I don't know why so many people think this.  This is how she's described: http://awoiaf.wester...sha_Greyjoy.jpgStill a freak in bed though I'm sureThat's one artists vision....She's described in the book as being tall, athletic, with a wicked grin. The only thing that Theon states is unattractive is taht her nose is a little big.  Other wise she's supposed to be good looking....she kind of looks frumpy like all the Greyjoys do in the show...which isn't how they are described in the book.
60	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-15	You know, as painful as it might be, sometimes, to see them take liberties, tonight reminded me of why this show can still accomplish so much -- even with its limitations. Theon has one of my favorite arcs in the entire series, and seeing Alfie Allen bring it to life is really satisfying. He's one of the more hated characters, yet he's also one of the most sympathetic. Yara/Asha was a little flat in this episode, but I'm enjoying the Balon and Theon dymanic...also, the idea that Theon is an asshole because he's always ever been the black sheep since he was a child. Really wish Yara would've shown signs of life.
The scene with Yoren and Arya was my favorite -- that little girl is something special. For all the tiddies they show, it's scenes like this that make the show what it is. RIP Yoren. :\ You, sir, are awesome. It just doesn't pay to be awesome in Westeros...that shit will get you killed.
Continue to love the Bran/Luwin stuff. And, little Tommen and Myrcella proved that Cersei gave Joff all of her asshole gene, thus, there simply wasn't enough to spare for the younger 2 sibs. I usually hate kids. Game of Thrones makes me love kids. RIP Lommy. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I'm convinced the actress who plays Brienne was literally born to play this role. I'm positive the actress, when asked what she wanted to be when she grew up, would answer "Brienne." Even though the books weren't written. Can't wait until she gets more screen time.
Marge's tiddies weren't very big, but they sure were nice. She offered to tag team Renly with Loras...that's what you call a trooper...or, creepy. But, this is Westeros, so we'll call her a trooper. I am going to enjoy seeing the curtain pulled back with Marge, considering she's so hard to read in the books.
Dinklage was fun, as usual, in this episode. Really enjoyed seeing the scene with Pycelle/Littlefinger/Varys play out...it's one of my favorites in the book. I do not hate Shae anywhere near as much as I do in the books. She's one character who is being helped a ton by the adaptation.
61	Lannes	2012-04-15	I agree with you. I'm a woman but that was one of my complaints. However I could have ignored her look (Like I ignore the fact that Theon and Balon look nothing like the books) if she actually played Asha like she's supposed to.  She' funny, witty, and has a great deal of charisma.  Gemma is just....bleh.'Yara' has so far not exhibited one ounce of charisma that Asha has. That charsima is so important for Asha to lead Ironborn into battle and to make a play for the Seastone chair.I'm just not seeing that onscreen.
62	ckal	2012-04-15	Mya Stone-
I feel the same way about the Renly tournament scene, I thought it was top notch, partially because Renly was, as you say, like the Renly we love from the book. I really hope we get more of that, but it was really unfortunate the way he was handled in the first season, IMO.
63	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	You know, as painful as it might be, sometimes, to see them take liberties, tonight reminded me of why this show can still accomplish so much -- even with its limitations. Theon has one of my favorite arcs in the entire series, and seeing Alfie Allen bring it to life is really satisfying. He's one of the more hated characters, yet he's also one of the most sympathetic.I think they've made him much more sympathetic than he was in the books (at least before ADwD) and it will interesting to see the reactions of non-book readers after he sacks Winterfell.   I wonder if they'll still think of him as sympathetic or just hate him.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 15 April 2012 - 09:24 PM.
64	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-15	Oh, and FEAR the Balon Pimpslap!
65	Mr. E	2012-04-15	Marge's tiddies weren't very big, but they sure were nice.I call them "well-proportioned."
66	Ran	2012-04-15	The thing that the novel does with Theon is that George deliberately writes an extremely unreflective Theon to start with, who bends with the wind and goes wherever he imagines his destiny or ambition lies. And then the cracks start to show deeper into the novel. So that's where the ability to look into a character's head suggested to GRRM that he was going to gloss the actual decision to join with Balon, so that he could follow that up down the road. Whereas here, the show -- not having the internal POV -- decides they can't afford to gloss it, they need to show the decision now. Makes sense, and beautifully done.
67	Dornish Hen	2012-04-15	I'm loving Natalie Dormer's portrayal of Margaery so far. You can definitely see the "Queen of Thorns" influence on her. I understand in aging her you had to make her even more savvy than her book counterpart, but I don't think this is beyond reason of even her book character. I think she's a very savvy, but underrated player of the game. (With the QoT as your gram, you'd have to be daft to not be.)I completely agree!  While watching this episode, I thought how strong she is and how much I'll enjoy her game playing in King's Landing.She is her grandmother's granddaughter.
68	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	Exactly.  I just don't see any resemblence at all to Asha from the books. 
That said I'm still sso happy about that scene between Yoren and Arya (Maisie is fucking amazing) and Brienne that they made up for whatever misgivings I had about this episode.
69	Lannes	2012-04-15	I call them "well-proportioned."...and natural...which is nice to see in this wacky Kardashian world we live in..... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
70	ckal	2012-04-15	Oh yeah, didn't really like the Sansa/Cersei/Tommen/Myrcella scene either. That and the Sansa/Shae scene were my two least favorites tonight.
I guess the more I think about it the more I think the Renly/Loras/Margeary scene was done well.
71	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	The thing that the novel does with Theon is that George deliberately writes an extremely unreflective Theon to start with, who bends with the wind and goes wherever he imagines his destiny or ambition lies. And then the cracks start to show deeper into the novel. So that's where the ability to look into a character's head suggested to GRRM that he was going to gloss the actual decision to join with Balon, so that he could follow that up down the road. Whereas here, the show -- not having the internal POV -- decides they can't afford to gloss it, they need to show the decision now. Makes sense, and beautifully done.Yes.I couldn't help but say out loud tonight, "Man, I love this Theon." As someone who didn't care one bit for him until ADWD, that's saying something. Alfie is doing a stellar job with what the writers are giving him.
72	redraike	2012-04-15	I think TV version of Asha is hot.  But then it's all how she carries herself, her demeanor, if you will.  There's more than eye-candy going on there.
73	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	Oh yeah, didn't really like the Sansa/Cersei/Tommen/Myrcella scene either. That and the Sansa/Shae scene were my two least favorites tonight.Oh, I loved that scene.It showed how sweet Tommen and Mrycella are compared to their brother and mother.  We don't see them much, so I loved seeing Tommen say he wouldn't like Robb being murdered.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
74	ckal	2012-04-15	Oh, and FEAR the Balon Pimpslap!LOL.
75	Demonblade	2012-04-15	I like how they managed to fit in the whole Tyrion casting a long shadow image. 
Other than the gratuitious gay sex scene, it was a great episode.
76	Zios	2012-04-15	I don't care about the Loras/Renly scene, however I do not see how people can say that Renly's character is being fleshed out better than the books.  His character just seems really MEH atm.  Even the two non bookers reader who I watch the show with even forgot who the hell he was.."Oh another king?" I don't know about him.  I really don't think people will care at all when he dies in the show...they will be shocked/surprised HOW he dies, but not a care in the world about the character.  Hate to say it but I bet non book readers will remember Renly as the Gay king who died
77	Trebla	2012-04-15	I think they've made him much more sympathetic than he was in the books (at least before ADwD) and it will interesting to see the reactions of non-book readers after he sacks Winterfell.   I wonder if they'll still think of him as sympathetic or just hate him.Agree. They've gone a long way to making him a tragic figure. It's been good writing.While Shae doesn't work for me, Sansa does. I was amused how in one scene you feel terrible for her as she is in a horrifying situation. The next scene she's a snobby lady. Ah, Sansa...
78	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	I like how they managed to fit in the whole Tyrion casting a long shadow image.Other than the gratuitious gay sex scene, it was a great episode........except it wasn't a sex scene.  They made out and that's it...I mean you think it would have been as gratuitous as every other sex scene in Game of Thrones.
79	Mack Kilimaro	2012-04-15	I feel like this is one of the best eps of the show so far. There were plenty of conversations nearly verbatim from the books and I thought that the new material was worked in great.
It seems like nobody who's read the books likes TV show Shae. I am in this camp too. I don't know what they are doing with her. That was about the only thing going wrong tonight. The stuff with Margaery is different from the books but I think it works in the context of the show. As others have mentioned, the book reader can see the Queen of Thorns' influence there, and I think that's fine. Pragmatic to the core. You can see how she might be able to easily pivot to an alliance with the Lannisters, when it's clear they are ascendant ... yet ready to stick the knife in their backs as soon as they present it, too.
80	ckal	2012-04-15	Zios-
That's why I've been saying it's a shame how Renly's charcter has been treated thusfar, with no semblence to the character that is so lovable in the books, aside from his tourney scene tonight. The person I was watching it with who hasn't read the book either also asked me twice who Renly was. Hopefully HBO does some serious work on the Renly character over the next few episodes, because I don't see him lasting past episode 6.
81	Atreides	2012-04-15	About Asha/Yara, I thought she was mediocre. Not great, but not terrible. I'm hoping she gets better at the role as the show progresses and begins to really show her charisma and fighting attitude that make her so popular among the Ironborn (and readers/viewers). She smirks and jokes in the show, but it's just way too subtle.
82	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-15	Marge's tiddies weren't very big, but they sure were nice. She offered to tag team Renly with Loras...that's what you call a trooper...or, creepy. But, this is Westeros, so we'll call her a trooper. I am going to enjoy seeing the curtain pulled back with Marge, considering she's so hard to read in the books.I think it helped to show how far families go to show their loyalty to each other and to their friends, Tyrells and all. We don't get to see much of Margaery's machinations in the books, but it's clear she has an active hand in things later on. She would rather have influenced Renly through Loras than to sit by meekly. All that was important to her was being a queen to glorify her house and to give the true king a child, and who better to help her accomplish this than her blood?
83	Ser Hippie	2012-04-15	I'm a book reader who, while not quite liking TV Shae, at least thinks she's more interesting than book Shae, where I spent most of the time facepalming at Tyrion.
84	lostinwesteros	2012-04-15	The episodes are so short!  I wanted much more of Arya and the guys with Yoren defending that fort-thing the way they did in the book (And what somebody else mentioned - Arya crying "Winterfell"!)  And I so hated to see Yoren go.  But tonight I did see the red/white divide of Jaqen's hair.
I really hate Shae.  Just hate her.  
Interesting what was said about Margaery "reportedly" being a virgin.  Too much of Renly/Loras/Margaery, considering all the other parts that were cut or hurried over, and we all know Renly is getting ready to be killed.
Love to see how Tyrion outwits the other 'players' in KL.    
Loved Brienne - have been waiting for her, and loved the scene where we saw Brienne tower over Catelyn.
Thought Theon played his part tonight really well - I empathized with him, something I didn't think I'd ever say until he got to be 
	Spoiler  Reek. 

Mormont's scene was excellent.  Glad Jon got his sword back.
85	JonHo	2012-04-15	I bet the scene between Loras and Renly wouldn't be gratuitious if it was between a man and a woman
fandom, so predictable.
86	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-15	Why bring GoT? I'm only talking about this episode. It was a good episode except for that and Sansa's scene with Shae. Shae's a pretty bad actor by the way and a very uniteresting chatacter in the tv show. You're probably going to demean me for that to.actually...you specifically mentioned Jaime and Cersei...which happened in episode one. you're just wrong...it's not even opinion. 90% of the scenes with Ros have served almost no purpose whatsoever and theyve been pretty damn hetero.
87	End of Disc One	2012-04-15	I think this Shae has the potentital to make the story more heartbreaking.  Shae in the book was an obvious whore who said whatever a man wants to hear.  If this more honest Shae can appear to actually fall for Tyrion then that would be, as I said, heartbreaking.
88	Nu Valyr	2012-04-15	Definitely my favorite episode of the season. I hated Theon in the books and I wasn't a fan in season 1, but he grew on me a lot this episode. Same thing with Yoren. I didn't particularly care for him, but I was really sad to see him go after his monologue. It was great. I had the opposite experience with Yara. I loved her in the books. But I think the actress portraying her is maybe trying too hard? Her bravado just doesn't seem natural. And that was my favorite thing about Yara/Asha.
Brienne = â<U+0099>Y
Btw, it looks like they are building Renly's character up for a longer story arc. The previews kinda implied that they skip over the tent scene in the books. I don't mind, but it's interesting. I think they are taking more liberties with this season.  Can't wait for episode 4!
					
					
							Edited by Nu Valyr, 15 April 2012 - 09:51 PM.
89	redraike	2012-04-15	Hopefully HBO does some serious work on the Renly character over the next few episodes, because I don't see him lasting past episode 6.Episode 4.
90	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-15	Too much of Renly/Loras/Margaery, considering all the other parts that were cut or hurried over, and we all know Renly is getting ready to be killed.I think they almost had to spend so much time with Renly. This is the first time he's appeared all season, and it seems like they're killing him next episode. The situation demands that the audience feel something when he's killed. I mean, as is, it's probably too late to make the audience care about his death.
91	Triskan	2012-04-15	I've no problem with Theon's letter even on a purist front. Days, maybe weeks, pass between Theon's two chapters, and nothing says he didn't go from that first meeting with his father pondering whether to warn Robb. Obviously they've adjusted the timing, but anyways, no issue. Not least because it's a brilliantly executed sequence. The only thing that would have improved it is if Theon did the hard-core drowning ceremony, not just the baptismal thing that passes for it these days, to prove himself. That would have been amazing to have on the screen.Yeah - I haven't read anything that comes after this in the thread yet, but I thought Theon's letter burning was a great example of a non-source-material piece that worked.  He does attack Winterfell, after all. To the jackass (everyone knows who I'm talking about at this point), please understand that you are "doesn't get it guy."  As such, you will continue to "not get" that you "don't get it." Great episode overall.  Easily my favorite of the first few of this season. Now may I say one thing in defense of Renly:  Sometimes, it really is the wine.
92	teemo	2012-04-15	Any complaints about the scene with Loras and Renly are just ridiculous.  They weren't even nude or having sex. And even if they were, SO WHAT??!?!?  Geez.  Loved how they did the Tyrells and Renly triangle.  I found it interesting how they said Margaery was "officially" a maiden.  She sure strutted in there like she knew what she was doing.  Threesome with two male lovers and a girl that's one of the lover's sister?  ....awwkkkwarrd.  Loved how Margaery was so cool with it.  That was exactly what I always expected her to be like.  And someone said Margaery had small breasts.  Well, she did in the book too.  
Didn't mind the Cersei/Sansa/Tommen/Myrcella scene too much.  It was another example of how sweet Joff's siblings are, and helps viewers remind them who they are, considering that Myrcella is about to be shipped off.
Still disappointed with Asha.  I said I would give her another chance, but there was just no spunk or fire at all.  I think she needs to smirk and smile a bit more.  She says taunting things, but her expressions and attitude don't back them up.  Oh, and ASHA IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HOT.  GET OVER IT.  And who cares is Theon was attracted to her?  Theon would fuck anything with a pulse, to put it bluntly.  
Wow.  Talk about a Shae-fast forward.  I am hating this Tyrion/Shae relationship.  It just felt really awkward and like the writing was off.  You wouldn't even guess that they have sex very often, when that's all they really did in the books.  And I don't think there are many whores who treat their nobile "boyfriend" or whatever like total crap.  She is so rude and crude.  I don't get it.  And Shae may be the worst casting decision so far. She is a terrible actress.
YAY!  No Ros.
And the scene between Sansa and Shae?  I just didn't freakin' get that at all.  Also another awkwardly written scene.  Sansa was just never a brat in the book.  Why do they make her so bratty in the show???  
Did Balon say he planned on taking Winterfell?  If so, that doesn't make any sense. He never had any desire to overtake Winterfell.  That was Theon's independent idea that just highlighted his treachery to both of his "families."  Don't really like that, if I heard Balon correctly.  
I do they think they keep trying to make Cersei likable, and I just don't get it.  She is a psychopath.  With the way she behaves in AFFC, how can she possibly be turned into a more sympathetic character?  She definitely suffers from narcissistic personality disorder and borderline personality disorder, if you ask me.  
The scene with Tyrion testing the different council members was beautifully done.  Didn't think they had time, but they did it just perfect.  
Brienne was absolutely perfect.  My boyfriend has no idea how ugly she was supposed to be, so I asked her, okay - is she too pretty to be described as someone quite hideous?  And wanted an honest answer.  He thought she definitely was not pretty at all.  He was surprised that she used to be very girly and feminine.  She was just AWESOME.  I know how hard she prepped for this part and I think she nailed it.
Is something up with Petyr's accent?  He is sounding so much different from last season.  :\
I MISS THE REEDDSSSS /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Loved Hodor's greeting in Bran's wolf dream.  And the wolf dream itself, too.  Summer looks awesome.  
I was a little confused with them rushing through the Gold Cloaks/Mountain's teams storylines, but I'm kind of glad they did, because I'm just dying to see the Tickler and the Mountain and the messed up stuff that they do.  I'm curious if they'll be as brutal in the show as they are in the book.  And I'd like to see how he does his "tickling," since we never really knew for sure.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 15 April 2012 - 09:47 PM.
93	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-15	I'm a book reader who, while not quite liking TV Shae, at least thinks she's more interesting than book Shae, where I spent most of the time facepalming at Tyrion.Yes, I had mentioned I "liked" show-Shae better. I should clarify that she's still horrible, but -- at least on the show -- she's interesting.
94	Mack Kilimaro	2012-04-15	I like how they managed to fit in the whole Tyrion casting a long shadow image.I just wanted to highlight this comment because it's something that made me smile about the episode, too. One of the things that I think is great about the book with Tyrion is that you get that image so soon after you meet him. It was a nice nod to put it in there, even if it didn't make it into his earliest scenes.
95	7V3N	2012-04-15	I really disliked the first two episodes but this one made up for it. It portrayed the book perfectly (not word for word or exact scenes, but by the moods, attitudes, and meanings). I am not sure why LF is going to see Cat, but it can't be all that bad. I am just happy we didn't have to suffer many fetish scenes (minor with Loras, Margaery's was mixed in with some good story info). The Tyrion scenes were excellent as always. I am unsure why they are expanding Shae's role (possibly to make her betrayal more emotional for the audience?) but it is good for showing Tyrion's character.
I am really looking forward to next episode, which I haven't done since before the season premiere.
BTW: I am still waiting to hear "giant of Lannister."
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 15 April 2012 - 09:48 PM.
96	redraike	2012-04-15	I do they think they keep trying to make Cersei likable, and I just don't get it.  She is a psychopath.  With the way she asks in AFFC, how can she possibly be turned into a more sympathetic character?  She definitely suffers from narcissistic personality disorder and borderline personality disorder, if you ask me.  She's quite sociopathic, even in her POV chapters.
97	Sons of Craster	2012-04-15	Is it wrong of me to to want every episode to be word for word from the book? AGHHHH. Im not one to talk though I can barely remember a clash of kings. For instance...Did Jon see craster with the baby? Did Maegery or Renly ever have their own narrative? The Barn scene was the WORST! So many things that they could have put into the episode with that part of the book! That I DO remember. The play on Tyrion with the three messages was great. There is just so many good things, and scenes and narratives from the book they could put into the series, making up dialog or scenes ISNT needed.
98	MegasAV	2012-04-15	Agree by far best episode of this season, brilliant casting of Brienne as that is almost exactly as I pictured her.  I also believe tonights episode was the closest of the first three in matching dialogue from book.  Of the variations that they changed from the book most made sense, a la Tyrion theorizing to wed Myrcella to Theon and using these lies to snuff out his traitor on the small council.  Loved the Theon scene burning the letter warning Robb, truly showed his internal conflict and Alphie Allens facial expressions really showed his turmoil.  Only thing I didn't like was Shaes demeanor as Sansa's handmaiden was completely unrealistic, and Theons sister was just a horrible miscast.
99	Lady Octarina	2012-04-15	No Dragonstone /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
But well, I did enjoy the episode. Yoren's death was just as painful as in the book, and considerably more shocking. Catelyn's criticism of Renly and his playmates did make me like the character a bit more. Tyrion's deception couldn't have been shown in a better way! And Cersei's reaction to Tyrion's plans to Myrcella was one of those great acting moments Lena Headey has had more frequently than ever this season.
Brienne was simply perfect, entirely worth the wait! I did like Renly and Loras' scene, it was convincing. And honestly, two men kissing is a good change from the frequent two prostitutes rehearsing... Also, Margaery's behavior just proves what many had speculated: that she knew about them and that Loras might have been a part of their, uh, baby-making process.
The Pyke scene captured Theon's drama in a very competent way,and Alfie Allen was amazing. Yara scares me, but I assume I'll get used to her, and her name, eventually.
100	End of Disc One	2012-04-15	Is it wrong of me to to want every episode to be word for word from the book?Yes.
101	Strider	2012-04-15	HBO-Shae is uninteresting because book-Shae is uninteresting.  The writers would have done well to have eliminated her completely from the story, but once they decided to keep her they had no choice but to deal with her. 
I thought that her scene with Sansa was touching.  Why?  Because the scene was not about Shae but about Sansa.  This poor young woman is totally traumatized.  She is suffering from Stockholm syndrome.  Sansa needs a friend who is not Lannister.  Shae represents a future, the possibility of sanity.  A thin reed, indeed, but still a reed.  Give the HBO writers credit here.
102	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	And the scene between Sansa and Shae?  I just didn't freakin' get that at all.  Also another awkwardly written scene.  Sansa was just never a brat in the book.  Why do they make her so bratty in the show???  My take on that is this: the previous scene had just shown Sansa to have absolutely zero control (at dinner with Cersei). The second she is given a new "hand maiden" she exerts her control and power (and yes, brattiness, she is just a kid) over her. I liked the juxtaposition.
103	teemo	2012-04-15	She's quite sociopathic, even in her POV chapters.She could have all of the above.  I really think she has BPD, however.
104	milquetoast	2012-04-15	That's one artists vision....She's described in the book as being tall, athletic, with a wicked grin. The only thing that Theon states is unattractive is taht her nose is a little big.  Other wise she's supposed to be good looking....she kind of looks frumpy like all the Greyjoys do in the show...which isn't how they are described in the book.I always pictured her like this:[img]http://images5.fanpo...700-600-400.jpg[/img]
					
					
							Edited by milquetoast, 15 April 2012 - 09:50 PM.
105	JayDubya	2012-04-15	I was uncomfortable with the Renly/Loras scene during the kissing part, but that's my personal hangup, not an issue with the show.  The fight after was fun to watch.   A lot of people didn't seem to like the Renly/Margaery scene, but I loved it.  The way they presented Margaery was brilliant - she's immediately presented as a player in the Game - someone who knows when to lie, knows when to tell the truth, and understands the practical compromises and deals one makes for power.   I never really cared for her in the books, but I believe that this is GRRM telegraphing her importance - she is a serious piece on the board, not an ornamental diversion.  Lurking unnoticed this whole time!  The Margaery Tyrell in S2E03 is the kind of woman who would help plan and execute the Purple Wedding.   Awesome!I also loved the scene with Tyrion and the whore (was that Ros?) and the second gold piece.  Beautiful.    Brienne is a giant next to Catelyn.   The only flat notes in the episode for me werethe way they used Lommy for Gendry - that felt forced.  And Shae/Sansa felt pretty forced as well.    Next week should be awesome, and the week after (presuming Renly meets his shadow) should be great as well.
106	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	Still disappointed with Asha.  I said I would give her another chance, but there was just no spunk or fire at all.  I think she needs to smirk and smile a bit more.  She says taunting things, but her expressions and attitude don't back them up.  Oh, and ASHA IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HOT.  GET OVER IT.  And who cares is Theon was attracted to her?  Theon would fuck anything with a pulse, to put it bluntly.I don't understand why people say she isn't supposed to be attractive.  The description Theon gives is that she's attractive, Victorian thinks she's attractive, and Tristan does also.  Of course this wouldn't matter if Gemma Whelan would actually act like Asha/Yara had a personality.  She's so bland.And the scene between Sansa and Shae?  I just didn't freakin' get that at all.  Also another awkwardly written scene.  Sansa was just never a brat in the book.  Why do they make her so bratty in the show???Agreed. I really didn't understand why there was that long of a scene. Nothing happened.Did Balon say he planned on taking Winterfell?  If so, that doesn't make any sense. He never had any desire to overtake Winterfell.  That was Theon's independent idea that just highlighted his treachery to both of his "families."  Don't really like that, if I heard Balon correctly.No he said he idn't care if Winterfell wasn't taken after 7 months.  Winterfell was not his priority.Loved Hodor's greeting in Bran's wolf dream.  And the wolf dream itself, too.  Summer looks awesome.  The Direwolves have looked fantastic this season.  THe wolf dreams have been great IMO.
107	redraike	2012-04-15	And honestly, two men kissing is a good change from the frequent two prostitutes rehearsing...but two prostitutes rehearsing never gets old and two men kissing is just kinda "why bother?"
108	teemo	2012-04-15	My take on that is this: the previous scene had just shown Sansa to have absolutely zero control (at dinner with Cersei). The second she is given a new "hand maiden" she exerts her control and power (and yes, brattiness, she is just a kid) over her. I liked the juxtaposition.True.  It helped show her inner strength, which she definitely does have.  It's just weird for me to see, since only very rarely did Sansa act un-ladylike in the books.  But it is her handmaiden, and doesn't she think most of them are Cersei's spies?  So yeah, I can see that.
109	redraike	2012-04-15	HBO-Shae is uninteresting because book-Shae is uninteresting.  The writers would have done well to have eliminated her completely from the story, but once they decided to keep her they had no choice but to deal with her.Shae is all about Tyrion and his relationship with Jaime.  She needs to be there.
110	7V3N	2012-04-15	I should also add that the facial expressions of Asha Yara were matching the character, but I still don't think she is hard enough. I want to see her toss some axes and speak with some authority. Theon has been excellent.
111	teemo	2012-04-15	but two prostitutes rehearsing never gets old and two men kissing is just kinda "why bother?"and why is two men kissing who are in love and both a very important part of the books a "why bother?" compared to unimportant characters who are clearly in a scene just for the gratuitous sex?  Yes, yes, and it was to show some of LF's true personality as well.
112	teemo	2012-04-15	Did Theon ever go on a "YOU GAVE ME AWAY!!!!" rant??  I really don't remember that.
113	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-15	The guy playing Loras still has the physique of a 12 year-old, wtf.  How am I supposed to believe this is one of the strongest knights in the kingdom, damn it?
114	Gloria	2012-04-15	I love the actress who is portraying Margaery; she really has her personality down.  Same for TV Varys (spot on!).  I am not a huge fan of TV Catelyn (I don't find her as sympathetic as I did book Catelyn).  I agree with the Yara\Asha haters (she's just not what i pictured, and she has so far displayed none of the fire or charisma of book Asha.  I also think she's not as pretty as I had imagined).  But I don't mind TV Shae; she's pretty much how I imagined her to be, a self-centered, greedy, back-stabby whore.  I can't wait until she gets hers. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Love TV Tommen and Myrcella though.
I'm a teeny bit annoyed that TV Theon is being portrayed as so sympathetic at this point.  Kind of kills the impact of what happens to him later.
115	Trebla	2012-04-15	The guy playing Loras still has the physique of a 12 year-old, wtf.  How am I supposed to believe this is one of the strongest knights in the kingdom, damn it?No. One of the finest jousters in Westeros. Yes.He was described by Ned as slender as a reed.
116	teemo	2012-04-15	HBO-Shae is uninteresting because book-Shae is uninteresting.  The writers would have done well to have eliminated her completely from the story, but once they decided to keep her they had no choice but to deal with her.I thought that her scene with Sansa was touching.  Why?  Because the scene was not about Shae but about Sansa.  This poor young woman is totally traumatized.  She is suffering from Stockholm syndrome.  Sansa needs a friend who is not Lannister.  Shae represents a future, the possibility of sanity.  A thin reed, indeed, but still a reed.  Give the HBO writers credit here.Sansa does not have Stockholm Syndrome.  She feels no love or true loyalty to her captors.  She sure pretends too, however.  She has too.  But if Shae didn't exist, Tyrion couldn't kill her /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
117	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	I always pictured her like this:[img]http://images5.fanpo...700-600-400.jpg[/img]Yeah same here except with a little shorter hair. I kind of thought the Ironborn would have a little bit of "pirate" about them mixed with Viking.I just don't get the complaints about the Renly/Loras scene.  It establishes the personalities and motivations of three characters.  I mean it was way better than every other sex scene in the series besides the Jaime/Cersei scene because that actually has some bearing.
118	Sons of Craster	2012-04-15	Yes Theon RANT was awesome IMO but was it in the book?
119	Strider	2012-04-15	Is it wrong of me to to want every episode to be word for word from the book?Yes!  Anyone who is expecting a word for word adaptation is doomed to disappointment. Folks here need to experience and judge the HBO series on its own terms.  Forget the f*****g books and enjoy, or not enjoy, the series as it has been given us.  This second series has many flaws (though I think tonight's episode was excellent), but these flaws cannot be identified and properly assessed until we stop comparing the series to the books.    The writers have made changes, both to characters and narrative, and will continue to make changes.  That they do so is absolutely essential.Tonight's episode has renewed my enthusiasm for the show.  It was really well done.
120	redraike	2012-04-15	and why is two men kissing who are in love and both a very important part of the books a "why bother?" compared to unimportant characters who are clearly in a scene just for the gratuitous sex?  Yes, yes, and it was to show some of LF's true personality as well.No no, not as in storyline.  I totally get that.  And whether they are "very important" or not is kind of arguable. Simply put, I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.  Men are at best unattractive to begin with.  Like...George Clooney or this Loras fellow.  So Not Hot.  So why bother?
121	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-15	Did Theon ever go on a "YOU GAVE ME AWAY!!!!" rant??  I really don't remember that.No.  I actually didn't like that scene as much as others. It kind of felt heavy handed...like "this is Theon's motivation for betraying Robb".   Maybe I'll like it better when I watch it again.
122	BigWilleyStyle	2012-04-15	Is something up with Petyr's accent?  He is sounding so much different from last season.  :\I MISS THE REEDDSSSS /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Hmn, I wasn't the only one who thought that he sounded strange in this episode.  I wonder if he had a cold or something.I think there is still time for the Reeds to show up.
123	smidget25	2012-04-15	and why is two men kissing who are in love and both a very important part of the books a "why bother?" compared to unimportant characters who are clearly in a scene just for the gratuitous sex?  Yes, yes, and it was to show some of LF's true personality as well.I absolutely agree.Loras/Renly scene was a nice change of pace from the usual random whores popping up with no clothes on. It shows an insight into their relationship, which is important for what happens next. They're one of the only genuine couples in the series, they deserve some screen time together. I can't with people saying 'it served no purpose.' Best episode of the season so far in my opinion. It did a better job than the last episode of not being too rushed and choppy. Theon's scenes were fantastic - although I hate the character!
124	Dru	2012-04-15	Theon rant was not in the book. Great episode though and I did like the rant. Shows his vulnerability and his want to be apart of a family. Starks never treated him like family and neither do the Greyjoys who are his family.
125	Gloria	2012-04-15	The actress who plays Brienne is either HUGE or there is some kind of special effect thing going on there.  She was head-and-shoulders taller than Catelyn.
126	Sons of Craster	2012-04-15	Im gonna be strung up for that comment! haha! But seriously, the writers have a 5 star buffet to pick from why bring in a bag lunch? eh? eh?
127	Holmes	2012-04-15	...and natural...which is nice to see in this wacky Kardashian world we live in..... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />which is funny, cause Kim's are real
128	teemo	2012-04-15	No no, not as in storyline.  I totally get that.  And whether they are "very important" or not is kind of arguable.Simply put, I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.  Men are at best unattractive to begin with.  Like...George Clooney or this Loras fellow.  So Not Hot.  So why bother?Renly and Loras aren't quite prominent characters?  They don't have POVs and aren't the biggest stars in the series, but they are definitely more prominent than random whores.The reason it's so not hot too you is because you are not gay.  Not every scene or storyline is going to be something that you can relate to. That doesn't mean that writers just "shouldn't bother."
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 15 April 2012 - 10:04 PM.
129	teemo	2012-04-15	The actress who plays Brienne is either HUGE or there is some kind of special effect thing going on there.  She was head-and-shoulders taller than Catelyn.She's 6'3"
130	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-15	No. One of the finest jousters in Westeros. Yes.He was described by Ned as slender as a reed.Doesn't mean he wouldn't have definition.  Dude playing Loras looks like he couldn't lift a copy of ASoS, let alone a sword.
131	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	Marge's tiddies weren't very big, but they sure were nice..jesus christ.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
132	teemo	2012-04-15	jesus christ.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />right???
133	redraike	2012-04-15	Renly and Loras aren't quite prominent characters, particular?  They don't have POVs and aren't the biggest stars in the series, but they are definitely more prominent than random whores.well, Renly drives the plotline for Stannis for a short time, so I guess he's important that way.  Loras, well...he's totally a pawn.The reason it's so not hot too you is because you are not gay.  Not every scene or storyline is going to be something that you can relate to. That doesn't mean that writers just "shouldn't bother."No, not the writers!  The characters!  Like...what's the attraction?You have a good point...I don't/can't relate.
134	Strider	2012-04-15	Sansa does not have Stockholm Syndrome.  She feels no love or true loyalty to her captors.  She sure pretends too, however.  She has too.I don't disagree.  But Sansa has been traumatized.  As others have observed, did you notice how much she looked like Cersei this episode?  She is doing her best to identify herself with her captors, to make herself less vulnerable.  She is saying all the "right" words.   Hence the importance of Sansa's scene with Shae.  She is desperately looking for an ally.  Tonight's episode brilliantly and subtly expressed the plight of poor Sansa.
135	smidget25	2012-04-15	No no, not as in storyline.  I totally get that.  And whether they are "very important" or not is kind of arguable.Simply put, I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.  Men are at best unattractive to begin with.  Like...George Clooney or this Loras fellow.  So Not Hot.  So why bother?I hope you're joking.
					
					
							Edited by smidget25, 15 April 2012 - 10:09 PM.
136	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-15	Simply put, I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.  Men are at best unattractive to begin with. Wow.  Just wow. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve ever met even a lesbian who would dare such an awful thing.  And at least they wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to see the object of their loathing in the mirror each morning. 
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 15 April 2012 - 10:12 PM.
137	redraike	2012-04-15	Wow.  Just wow. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve ever meant even a lesbian who would dare such a thing.  And at least they wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to see the object of their loathing in the mirror each morning. Now "loathing" is crossing the line.I just said unattractive.Stop making things up.
138	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-15	Renly and Loras aren't quite prominent characters?  They don't have POVs and aren't the biggest stars in the series, but they are definitely more prominent than random whores.The reason it's so not hot too you is because you are not gay.  Not every scene or storyline is going to be something that you can relate to. That doesn't mean that writers just "shouldn't bother."I thought it was hot and I'm not gay /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was a giggling fool when Renly said "I want to pray. Alone."Oh oh something I hadn't mentioned before...maybe I'm easy to please, but I liked the Sansa scene. She's a 15 year old (I think that's her age in the show?) who's held captive by the family who killed her father. I didn't see her as "bratty" toward Shae. I found her to be more broken down and way too depressed to deal with someone.
139	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	I liked the Pycelle scene, but the impact wasn't as big as his beard wasn't as magnificant as it was in the books.
140	int11	2012-04-15	Great Sansa/Shea scene! "You can brush my hair". Subtle and well written.
(No, not sarcasm.)
					
					
							Edited by int11, 15 April 2012 - 10:23 PM.
141	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-15	So looking back one other thing that has caught my eye/attention was that the conversation between Bran and the Maester Luwin in the books takes place after the arrival of Reed's children, Meera and Jojen. Jojen tries to share his dreams from the greenvision which sparks that whole conversation among some other interesting things like Summer and Shaggydog going nuts, Bran being called a warg, etc. I'm wondering if we will see the Reed children here next week now that we are also seeing the Greyjoy's preparing to move out?!
142	teemo	2012-04-15	I don't disagree.  But Sansa has been traumatized.  As others have observed, did you notice how much she looked like Cersei this episode?  She is doing her best to identify herself with her captors, to make herself less vulnerable.  She is saying all the "right" words.  Yes, she has definitely been traumatized.  I love how she is so strong inside though.  I remember long ago after reading GoT for the first time, I thought there was a chance that Sansa might side with her captors, but she didn't.  She really is sharp.I would say she is probably suffering from some serious PTSD, and it just gets worse the more and more things and "supposed" things happen to her family.
143	teemo	2012-04-15	So looking back one other thing that has caught my eye/attention was that the conversation between Bran and the Maester Luwin in the books takes place after the arrival of Reed's children, Meera and Jojen. Jojen tries to share his dreams from the greenvision which sparks that whole conversation among some other interesting things like Summer and Shaggydog going nuts, Bran being called a warg, etc. I'm wondering if we will see the Reed children here next week now that we are also seeing the Greyjoy's preparing to move out?!Reeds are cut /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Sorry to break it to you.  It sucks.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 15 April 2012 - 10:19 PM.
144	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-15	Simply put, I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.  Men are at best unattractive to begin with.  Like...George Clooney or this Loras fellow.  So Not Hot.  So why bother?Simply put, this is homophobia. Whatever you believe about gay people, you ought to keep it to yourself. Straight sex is not hot to me, but you don't see me complaining about it. It's a part of the show and it's a fact of life. Sheesh.
145	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	jesus christ.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />I know. What the hell are 'tiddies'?
146	redraike	2012-04-15	Reeds are cut /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Sorry to break it to you.  It sucks.BOO!
147	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	Simply put, this is homophobia. Whatever you believe about gay people, you ought to keep it to yourself. Straight sex is not hot to me, but you don't see me complaining about it. It's a part of the show and it's a fact of life. Sheesh.It was a pretty dumb comment, but I don't think it was necessarily homophobic.
148	redraike	2012-04-15	Simply put, this is homophobia. Whatever you believe about gay people, you ought to keep it to yourself. Straight sex is not hot to me, but you don't see me complaining about it. It's a part of the show and it's a fact of life. Sheesh.So there's something wrong with not finding men attractive?  Seriously?I think you're a little hyper-sensitive there, friend.
149	teemo	2012-04-15	I thought it was hot and I'm not gay /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was a giggling fool when Renly said "I want to pray. Alone."Oh oh something I hadn't mentioned before...maybe I'm easy to please, but I liked the Sansa scene. She's a 15 year old (I think that's her age in the show?) who's held captive by the family who killed her father. I didn't see her as "bratty" toward Shae. I found her to be more broken down and way too depressed to deal with someone.I've taken that last comment back, because I (briefly) forgot that Sansa thinks her bedsmaids are Cersei's spies.Yeah, I was giggling then too.  We all know what "praying" involves with Renly /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 15 April 2012 - 10:22 PM.
150	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	So there's something wrong with not finding men attractive?  Seriously?I think you're a little hyper-sensitive there, friend.But you were the one complaining in the first place.
151	frametown	2012-04-15	About Renly:  I don't think he was all that well developed in the book, and is he getting similar treatment in the show.  His character is more of a vehicle for the real heir to the throne (and his red headed lady friend) to show off what he can do.  I had very little invested in Renly in the books, and non-readers have very little invested in his character in the show.  
Otherwise, I'm glad they got that Cat line in about "playing war."  It's a little different in ACOK, but they got still the point across.  
I also loved how they started the show from Summer/Bran's point of view.
152	Holmes	2012-04-15	Although the Sansa/Shae was forced, book Sansa herself did think to herself how sullen and sulky Shae was. She caught "looks" out of the corner of her eye, or somesuch.
From a non-reader perspective, the Myrcella selling scene was confusing.  My gf said "but wait, did he just promise her to 3 different people?  Why?"   So I had to explain it.   I think we've lost a great deal of the reasoning behind Tyrion's actions, even if the scene was well done.  Missed him ticking off his fingers, though.
153	redraike	2012-04-15	But you were the one complaining in the first place.No. I just said I don't understand all the fuss.  That's all.  Calm down.
154	teemo	2012-04-15	I think it's more like...if you don't like it or it grosses you out, whatever, you may want to keep that to yourself.  Otherwise, you will come across as homophobic to many people on here.  If you haven't noticed, the people on this forum are generally pretty liberal and open-minded when it comes to homosexuality.
155	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-15	So there's something wrong with not finding men attractive?  Seriously?I think you're a little hyper-sensitive there, friend.Î3Î1á<U+00BF>¶Î¸Î1 IÎµÎ±I<U+0085>I<U+0084>I<U+008C>Î1
156	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	Although the Sansa/Shae was forced, book Sansa herself did think to herself how sullen and sulky Shae was. She caught "looks" out of the corner of her eye, or somesuch.From a non-reader perspective, the Myrcella selling scene was confusing.  My gf said "but wait, did he just promise her to 3 different people?  Why?"   So I had to explain it.   I think we've lost a great deal of the reasoning behind Tyrion's actions, even if the scene was well done.  Missed him ticking off his fingers, though.Doesn't she know that female polygamy is all the rage in Westeros?
157	Holmes	2012-04-15	glad they left the line in about "playing war."  It's a little different in ACOK, but they got still the point across.  Agreed.  And calling them the knights of summer.   Showed her disdain/disbelief in what was going on.
158	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-15	newcomer with a few thoughts:
-Brienne was impressive!
-I like that actress that plays Margaery Tyrell, she was great in the Tudors, I'll be curious how much more screen time she will get this season since she is very minor in the book, but come time ASOS and esp AFFC she'll be front and center
-they really are setting up Varys to look great and cunning, the show version of Littlefinger on the other hand isn't looking as impressive
-you can tell they really are trying to hash out the complexity of Theon's character and his story line with the small amount of time that they have, I really enjoyed his scenes tonight
-so they combined 2 parts of the Arya epic into one cohesive scene, no biggie I guess, I was just really hoping to hear Hot Pie yell out "Hot Pie!" during the fight :*(
159	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	No. I just said I don't understand all the fuss.  That's all.  Calm down.Lol I wasn't freaking out, not sure where that calm down came from.
160	Maroucia	2012-04-15	No no, not as in storyline.  I totally get that.  And whether they are "very important" or not is kind of arguable.Simply put, I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.  Men are at best unattractive to begin with.  Like...George Clooney or this Loras fellow.  So Not Hot.  So why bother?Um, now that you are talking about it, yeah, you are right, men are SO unattractive... /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> I guess I'll just leave my boyfriend and turn lesbian.All you girls should do the same. We'll leave all those guys by themselves and have ourselves one hell of a party!Then, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll have to turn gay tooâ<U+0080>¦
161	Holmes	2012-04-15	BTW, I'm no moderator, but can we please stop with the homophobia debate?  It doesn't belong in this thread, so shut up about it already.  Start a new thread to appease the trolls and the righteous.  God.
162	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	newcomer with a few thoughts:-so they combined 2 parts of the Arya epic into one cohesive scene, no biggie I guess, I was just really hoping to hear Hot Pie yell out "Hot Pie!" during the fight :*(Yoren's last stand was cool, but this left a hole in the heart.
163	redraike	2012-04-15	I think it's more like...if you don't like it or it grosses you out, whatever, you may want to keep that to yourself.  Otherwise, you will come across as homophobic to many people on here.  If you haven't noticed, the people on this forum are generally pretty liberal and open-minded when it comes to homosexuality.Look, I grew up in San Francisco.  Gay family friends and all that.  Homosexuality is a part of the tapestry of society.  I simply don't happen to be gay, and I don't understand the attraction or the fuss. To be quite frank, I still haven't come to understand why women are attracted to men.  There's no judgment there, I simply don't grok it.Nothing more, nothing less.  Don't read too much into it.
164	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	Look, I grew up in San Francisco.  Gay family friends and all that.  Homosexuality is a part of the tapestry of society.  I simply don't happen to be gay, and I don't understand the attraction or the fuss. To be quite frank, I still haven't come to understand why women are attracted to men.  There's no judgment there, I simply don't grok it.Nothing more, nothing less.  Don't read too much into it.By this, you mean you slept through high school biology.
165	Net-Viper X	2012-04-15	I thought Brienne was awesome, man that woman was towering over the crowd. It was really noticable when she was escorting Cat back to her tent, she could have picked Cat up and tossed her like a javelin.
Surprised by all the people complaining about Asha not being beautiful, she wasn't beautiful in the book either, she just had a very fit and sexy body. Asha's "vultures beak" of a nose is mentioned several times in the book, and that is definately not something you find on the face of a beautiful woman.
166	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	I thought Brienne was awesome, man that woman was towering over the crowd. It was really noticable when she was escorting Cat back to her tent, she could have picked Cat up and tossed her like a javelin.Surprised by all the people complaining about Asha not being beautiful, she wasn't beautiful in the book either, she just had a very fit and sexy body. Asha's "vultures beak" of a nose is mentioned several times in the book, and that is definately not something you find on the face of a beautiful woman.Don't remind me about what could have been...
167	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-15	I know. What the hell are 'tiddies'?Use your imagination. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />You guys are a tough crowd.
168	redraike	2012-04-15	By this, you mean you slept through high school biology.Ha ha.  It's not that you missed the point, you clearly ducked.
169	teemo	2012-04-15	From a non-reader perspective, the Myrcella selling scene was confusing.  My gf said "but wait, did he just promise her to 3 different people?  Why?"   So I had to explain it.   I think we've lost a great deal of the reasoning behind Tyrion's actions, even if the scene was well done.  Missed him ticking off his fingers, though.My boyfriend actually got this, surprisingly.  He usually barely pays attention too.
170	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-15	So there's something wrong with not finding men attractive?  Seriously?I think you're a little hyper-sensitive there, friend.Perhaps I misunderstood what you said? Let me look again:I just can't wrap my head around why two men would be attracted to each other.So you're not that bright. I can understand that.Men are at best unattractive to begin with.Ah, and men aren't your type. Now it makes more sense.So Not Hot. So why bother?So maybe you missed my point. I'm not complaining about all the straight/lesbian sex in the show. You obviously aren't. So why are you complaining about the hardly existent gay sex?Maybe not homophobic, but definitely unintelligent.
171	redraike	2012-04-15	Maybe not homophobic, but definitely unintelligent.So you were wrong, and now you're resorting to insults. I haven't made an ad hominem attack on you.Just show that you're a decent person and let it go.
172	Holmes	2012-04-15	newcomer with a few thoughts:-Brienne was impressive!-I like that actress that plays Margaery Tyrell, she was great in the Tudors, I'll be curious how much more screen time she will get this season since she is very minor in the book, but come time ASOS and esp AFFC she'll be front and center-they really are setting up Varys to look great and cunning, the show version of Littlefinger on the other hand isn't looking as impressive-you can tell they really are trying to hash out the complexity of Theon's character and his story line with the small amount of time that they have, I really enjoyed his scenes tonight-so they combined 2 parts of the Arya epic into one cohesive scene, no biggie I guess, I was just really hoping to hear Hot Pie yell out "Hot Pie!" during the fight :*(Thought Margery was well done.  She knows what she is, and is doing her best to cement the Tyrell position.   In another post, it was mentioned something like that she was hinting Loras was Bi.  I didn't get that... thought she simply was under no illusions about Renly/Loras and was trying to ease Renly's mind.The LF/Tyrion confrontation was well done.  You could see LF's interest get peaked with Harrenhal/Lord Paramount.  He does bitch at Tyrion about being played in the book, and the Jamie/Sansa swap was a good way to get him down south so he can eventually broker the Purple Wedding.Show Asha does suck though.  Looks aside, she has none of the charisma of book Asha at all.  Her eyes are dead.  And my non-reader gf says she has poor posture.
173	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	Use your imagination. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />You guys are a tough crowd.And where most fans judge a new character on his/her smarts/strengths/ability to play the Game of Thrones, you see... tiddies.  And whether they're big enough, or nice enough.  I say again... jesus christ...   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
174	Dacie	2012-04-15	I actually thought when Renly and Loras were together that Loras was getting him 'warmed up' for Marg, and then Marg offered the exact same thing in the next scene. I thought it was done really well, close to how I imagined in the books. I like that they are showing the Tyrells (Margery in particular) to be quite savvy at playing the game. It's going to make things very interesting next season.
175	turdle	2012-04-15	greyjoys were easily my favorite part of this episode.
176	trins	2012-04-15	holy lord jesus, I thought Theon was going to send that beautiful letter /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> then he burned it to bits!  And Yoren's death was just heart wrenching /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
This particular episode made up for the last two, seriously it was an awesome episode!! yay!
					
					
							Edited by trins, 15 April 2012 - 10:49 PM.
177	redraike	2012-04-15	So maybe you missed my point. I'm not complaining about all the straight/lesbian sex in the show. You obviously aren't. So why are you complaining about the hardly existent gay sex?Wow, way to manufacture a complaint out of simply stating that I'm nonplussed by it.This is why I've asked you to calm down.So, please calm down.
178	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-15	And where most fans judge a new character on his/her smarts/strengths/ability to play the Game of Thrones, you see... tiddies.  And whether they're big enough, or nice enough.  I say again... jesus christ...   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Absolutely. Stay tuned. Next week, I plan on analyzing all of the major characters -- their literary function, connections to various Post-Colonial and Post-Modern themes, etc. -- in context to cup size.
179	Ser Hippie	2012-04-15	Let's drop the homophobia sidetrack and talk about the key points of the episode.
By which I mean Natalie Dormer's breasts and the haircut of the fourth extra to the left of Balon in the baptism scene.
180	axels15	2012-04-15	No.  I actually didn't like that scene as much as others. It kind of felt heavy handed...like "this is Theon's motivation for betraying Robb".   Maybe I'll like it better when I watch it again.Stuff like this, and the scene with Sansa/Shae, and with Lommy as Gendry, people who have read the book won't like them quite as much (although I did love the first two), but they are necessary, or at least important, to the viewers who haven't read the books, which i imagine is quite a few people. We have Sansa's POVs and we know she feels terrified, but the audience doesnt.We know, especially after the fifth book, how Theon feels, but the audience doesn't. I especially liked how they made it seem like a difficult decision in the show, because in the book, it just kind of jumps without us seeing the decision-making process.
181	Addam of Hull	2012-04-15	And where most fans judge a new character on his/her smarts/strengths/ability to play the Game of Thrones, you see... tiddies.  And whether they're big enough, or nice enough.  I say again... jesus christ...   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />There are pages of people whining because Asha doesn't fit into their definition of attractive.  This is hardly surprising.
182	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	Great. Things i liked
Tyrion and his manipulatrions
Theon and his guilt and transformation
Renly/Margery/Loras/Brienne- Thought it was pronounced BRI-EEN
And a nice bit of action at the end
it is very surreal how quickly everything is happening. It the books it felt like ages
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 15 April 2012 - 10:52 PM.
183	teemo	2012-04-15	Stuff like this, and the scene with Sansa/Shae, and with Lommy as Gendry, people who have read the book won't like them quite as much (although I did love the first two), but they are necessary, or at least important, to the viewers who haven't read the books, which i imagine is quite a few people. We have Sansa's POVs and we know she feels terrified, but the audience doesnt.We know, especially after the fifth book, how Theon feels, but the audience doesn't. I especially liked how they made it seem like a difficult decision in the show, because in the book, it just kind of jumps without us seeing the decision-making process.I hope we can get some kind of scene where see how truly terrified Sansa is.  Dontos?
184	axels15	2012-04-15	About Renly:  I don't think he was all that well developed in the book, and is he getting similar treatment in the show.  His character is more of a vehicle for the real heir to the throne (and his red headed lady friend) to show off what he can do.  I had very little invested in Renly in the books, and non-readers have very little invested in his character in the show.  Otherwise, I'm glad they got that Cat line in about "playing war."  It's a little different in ACOK, but they got still the point across.  I also loved how they started the show from Summer/Bran's point of view.I actually think they're doing a much better job in the show developing Renly.Also, based on next weeks scenes, it looks like Davos is taking Melisandre somewhere (presumably to have her "child")Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't they do that to take over a castle, and NOT to kill Renly. (That scene came well after Renly's death, no?) So has Renly gotten a reprieve from dying just yet, and they'll leave that for later? Or are they just combining the two scenes to take away the ambiguity of how Renly dies?
185	teemo	2012-04-15	I have a feeling that Renly will die at the end of the next episode...maybe not, and hope not though.  Love the relationship between the three of them.  But maybe we'll be let into the pain of Loras afterwards.
186	dem	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.Meaning one scene in the entire episode? Someone has a complex...
187	HokieStone	2012-04-15	Renly/Margery/Loras/Brienne- Thought it was pronounced BRI-EENTo pick up on a pronunciation thing...I was disconcerted by how Margaery pronounced her family's last name - something like "Tirrel".  I've always pronounced it "Tie-Rell" or to that effect.That's it for now, maybe I'll check back in later if there's more actual discussion of the episode and less trolling back and forth.
188	teemo	2012-04-15	Meaning one scene in the entire episode? Someone has a complex...Not to mention the first male kiss in the entire series.
189	Rockroi	2012-04-15	I honestly believe this was the best episode of the season.  And with no Tywin, Stannis or Jaime, that must be high praise coming from me. What was excellent:The Voice of Theon Greyjoy:  As others have discussed, the books wrote a part of Theon; the novels make the good arguer in all of us beg Theon to just SAY what is so OBVIOUS- â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Father, why do you hate me do much for being a hostage to Eddard Stark when I  was a hostage to pay for your â<U+0080>¦ buffoonery?!?!?â<U+0080><U+009D>  We go through a whole book with the READER asking that open and obvious question; one that never leaves Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lips. And then tonight it all came rushing out in a torrent!  Theon Greyjoy finally at long last, speaks.  Not the pissy half-measures as it was in the books, but that honest and true message- â<U+0080><U+009C>Why do you hate me for being a reminder of your mistake?â<U+0080><U+009D>  Finally, at long last Theon sounds like a person who can think and feel straight. And I loved that in the middle of that tirade, that CLOSE shot of Balon Greyjoy.  And in that FUCKING actor was pure brilliance- he almostâ<U+0080>¦. Just almost â<U+0080>¦ looks like he empathizes with Theon.  As if heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s about to â<U+0080>¦ be an honest man and not a shitty, shitty (and I cannot stress this enough s-h-i-t-t-y) Lord.  That may have been the shot of the series staring into the deep darkness of Balon Greyjoyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pain-wracked eyes. Tyrion Lannister. 1,2,3:  Its my favorite chapter in the CoK.  The scene where Tyrion plans the lies and gets three men to dance to his tune- LF, Varys and Pyrcell each listens and wines and dines.  That Tyrion can masterfully orchestrate them to reveal what he wants to hear.  And we see the greatness of the Game of Thrones and how some are born to play it and others â<U+0080>¦ others are Ned Stark. The Queen in the South, her Brother and Their Husband:  I really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what others are complaining about but the Renly scenes are absolutely fantastic because they are the Maergery Tyrell scenes.  Which is why they shine.  While Renly tries to play King and Loras tries to get him to play lover, the Queen is not at all fooled.  Nope.  No.  No, she wants an heir.  She wants a chance to roll the dice in the Game of Thrones.  And the only way to do that is through the graces of Renly Baratheon.   And if that takes Loras to jump in to start or do them both or to have him take her from behind so he can pretend its Loras, she is going to do all that.  She is NOBODYâ<U+0080><U+0099>S FOOL!  She is in it to win it.  And so she tells Renly flat out.  Whatever it takes. Stannis thinks the same wayâ<U+0080>¦(Honorable Mention: Thank you for not keeping the lame joke that it was a â<U+0080><U+009C>Rainbow Guard.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Yes, we get it- heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gay.  No need to beat us over the head with it) The Humanity of Maester Luwin:  My Luwin- the one from the books â<U+0080><U+0093> was older in my mind; he was more wizen than grandfatherly.  And he pales in comparison to what Donald Sumpter is doing.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Luwin.  This man is shining through the humanity, decency and kindness of this person.  Not this Maester, but this person.Sansa, Cersei and Tommen: Just loved that scene.  Just loved that it shows how jaded Sansa is becoming, how vile Cersei is and how â<U+0080>¦ decent Tommen it. Yoren: Well done all around. What I am Not Sold On:Yara or Whatever The Show Named Her: Somebody else said it and it bares repeating: this â<U+0080><U+009C>Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Sisterâ<U+0080><U+009D> possesses none of the charisma and polish of the bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character.  Now, part of that HAS to be that you have to cut SOMETHING.  This was Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode, not Yaraâ<U+0080><U+0099>s.   Hence, she has to be muzzled.  But â<U+0080>¦ how about a little something?  And she looks so cowed he whole time. William: So, Arya just couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t come up with the prayer herself?  She needed somebody to give her the idea?  Mehâ<U+0080>¦.What I Think is Just Laughably Bad:IMSHAETHEFUNNYWHORE: (sticks fingers in ears)â<U+0080><U+009D>What?  Is She still talking?  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry but when sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on the screen, I stick my fingers in my ears and start singing to myself because sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s literally harmful to my mental health.  LALALALALAâ<U+0080>¦ Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not listening to her!!!!  (looks up) Oh thank God sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone, whew!  Only like 4 minutes of wasted time. â<U+0080>¦ Oh good a scene with Sansa; a character that does not make me what to envision a universe that does not so closely resemble Hell.  AH AH AH!! Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s BACK!  Fuck!  They snuck her in!  (Sticks fingers in ears).  Why is she still here!â<U+0080><U+009D>Couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they have just sent this message by having Sansa open the door and having Shea standing there and introducing herself?  Why theâ<U+0080>¦ useless scene afterwards? And generally I just don't like Shea. Lord Commander Mormont and the Dumbest Steward in the Realm: So, Jon turns to Mormont and says, â<U+0080><U+009C>He sends the boys to the White Walkers.â<U+0080><U+009D> And then he looks at Mormont, has a realization (light dawns on marble head) and says â<U+0080><U+009C>You knew!!!â<U+0080><U+009D>  All filled with righteous indignation.  And Mormont looks at Jon (and the actor is game; heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trying to show that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rueful about what he knows and why its necessary) but in a brief flash I half expected Mormont to say:â<U+0080><U+009C>Jon, for fuckâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sake- he lives in the middle of nowhere with a house filled with daughters who he fucks and gets pregnant who then give him more daughters!  Do you think I just thought, â<U+0080><U+009C>Guess heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s due for a son one of these days?â<U+0080><U+009D>  You figured it out all on your own?  No shit Sherlock- I figured out that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doing something to the boys.  I'm so happy you're here!â<U+0080><U+009D> And then I would have loved it had he said, â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, wait thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rightâ<U+0080>¦ you grew up in Winterfellâ<U+0080>¦ my badâ<U+0080>¦â<U+0080><U+009D>Seriously- who COULDNâ<U+0080><U+0099>T have figured that one out? Did we need ANY of that? Overall, best episode of the seasons- hitting its stride big time.
190	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	To pick up on a pronunciation thing...I was disconcerted by how Margaery pronounced her family's last name - something like "Tirrel".  I've always pronounced it "Tie-Rell" or to that effect.That's it for now, maybe I'll check back in later if there's more actual discussion of the episode and less trolling back and forth.yeah loras did the same.when he said "you should be seeing to another Ti-rell tonight"
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 15 April 2012 - 11:00 PM.
191	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-15	I actually think they're doing a much better job in the show developing Renly.I do, too. I especially loved the little beat, during his stroll with Cat, where he stopped -- what looked like -- the smallfolkman, and asked how he was doing. It lent itself well to the idea that Renly loves his people, and, in turn, they see this and love him back.
192	Inigo Montoya the Second	2012-04-15	i think they're putting a lot of emphasis on shae so tyrion's rampage makes an even bigger/more dramatic impact.
193	Bayard	2012-04-15	Excellent episode, nicely done with Loomy, it had a big impact, just as it should. Tyrion's manipulation was good... not perfect, I thought it was a bit silly the way he said: "The queen must not know!!" Why?? anyone with a brain would have thought it suspicios.... especially Varys. If he gave a reason... I mean, like in the books, like in the show, her reaction to parting with her child, it would have been much better IMO.
Great Theon scenes, I liked that they didn't show anything about Dany, she has little stuff in this book, glad they don't invent new stuff. Not so nice that they didn't show anything about Robb, he has a war, he has battles in ACOK....
I loved Brienne /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, she walks so funny /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, and OMG she is twice as tall as Cat.
Anyway, an episode without dragons or direwolves, I guess, non-reader audience will be disappointed /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
194	J_Crews	2012-04-15	Sansa does not have Stockholm Syndrome.  She feels no love or true loyalty to her captors.  She sure pretends too, however.  She has too. Exactly.  Am I the only one who noticed her eyes glistening as she tried to hold-up her facade at the dinner table?  And her using the goblet to cover when she almost lost it at mention of Joffrey killing Robb?  That was actually very good acting.
195	analeigh	2012-04-15	Loved the Sansa/Shae scene and I don't think Sansa was being bratty or snobby at all. She was making a point.
"I shouldn't have to tell you to do things, you should just do them."
Perfect words by Sansa to illustrate what she's forced to do and say as a captive in King's Landing. Know your role. And I loved the vulnerability and sorrow Sansa showed in that scene. The tears in her eyes, the sadness looking into the mirror. Wow.
196	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-15	My only gripe is Arya not shouting WINTERFELL ,and Hot Pie following up with a charge and shout of HOT PIE!
Outside of that, very good episode.  I like Asha more than most I think,
197	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-15	Exactly.  Am I the only one who noticed her eyes glistening as she tried to hold-up her facade at the dinner table?  And her using the goblet to cover when she almost lost it at mention of Joffrey killing Robb?  That was actually very good acting.I hope not, cause to me it was clearly obvious.  I liked how Tommen blatantly came off as very likable in what to non-readers was the first time they really got to know the kid a little.
198	Darth Pipes	2012-04-15	Did Balon say he planned on taking Winterfell? If so, that doesn't make any sense. He never had any desire to overtake Winterfell. That was Theon's independent idea that just highlighted his treachery to both of his "families." Don't really like that, if I heard Balon correctly.Well, I think it can be assumed Balon was going to take Winterfell.  It was just a matter of when.  As far as we know, he only plans on Theon fighting on the Stony Shore.  It's Theon who takes the iniative and takes Winterfell, a lot quicker than his father who is expecting a year or two holdout.  So I think it works.
199	Stubby	2012-04-15	[MOD]
Folks, please lay off the homophobic stuff and the personal attacks.  Both are outside the rules of forum.
Let's keep it on topic please.
[/MOD]
200	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-15	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.I would suggest that you find another series and maybe another planet, for that matter.
201	Howdyphillip	2012-04-15	Here is my biggest complaint about this episode... The opening sequence showed Dragonstone and the Dothraki wasteland and we didn't go there. I thought that each opening was tailor made to reflect the locations that we would visit in that episode.
Other than that, This episode was just about perfect. The best actor in the show turns out to be a twelve year old girl. My god Miasie was phenomenal again tonight. Someone should nominate her for an emmy this year. Peter Motherf$%##^&g Dinkledge was outstanding as well. All of the Tyrion scenes were not only brilliantly written, but superbly delivered as well. Gwendolyn Christie IS Brienne. As that character is one of my largest book crushes, I can't wait until she meets me in real life and falls madly and passionately in love with me. ALL of the Greyjoys rock. Even Asha, who is growing on me by leaps and bounds.
That leaves me with the two "controversies" that we have been discussing here. The first is Renly/Loras... I am heterosexual as well, and I am not turned on by a scene in which two men act in a sexual manner with one another. That said, I am also an adult, and just because I am not inclined to be aroused by it doesn't mean that I can't watch it and enjoy it. Specifically when it is in perfect context with what the author wrote about his characters. Both characters did a wonderful job of acting in this scene, and it set up perfectly the later conflict between Loras and Brienne. It also gave us an understanding of the maidenhood of Margery which will become an essential plot point as the story goes. This scene was absolutely necessary to advance the plot of the TV show, and if you are too immature to watch, then switch the damn channel for two minutes and don't burden the rest of us with your homophobia.
That leaves me with Shae... She is a completely different character in this show. The problem that I have had is that I keep trying to reconcile her to the Shae of the books. Well, five episodes into her story arc, this is obviously not the case. Tonight, I tried to keep an open mind with the actress and just judge her on her performance. She is actually doing a fantastic job. It is obvious to me that her direction is to be arrogant, and a bit unlikeable. I think that D&D is doing this because they were afraid they couldn't redeem the character of Tyrion after he kills her to a TV audience. I personally think that they could, but it would be extremely tricky. I don't begrudge them at all for going the easier route on this one.
202	Aoife	2012-04-15	FWIW, I heard a lot more of Aiden Gillen's natural accent in this episode, particularly when he was so furious with Tyrion. He's normally very good at accent consistency, so I'm not sure what was up. But then, compared to the otherwise-excellent Peter Dinklage, you'd practically think Gillen was a born Englishman. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
203	J_Crews	2012-04-15	I have a feeling that Renly will die at the end of the next episode...maybe not, and hope not though.  Love the relationship between the three of them.  But maybe we'll be let into the pain of Loras afterwards. Yeah, he's a gonner next week.
204	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-15	My only gripe is Arya not shouting WINTERFELL ,and Hot Pie following up with a charge and shout of HOT PIE!Yeah, that would have been fun, but I think it might not have worked with the show since she had time to escape to the woods and get captured later in the book.
205	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	FWIW, I heard a lot more of Aiden Gillen's natural accent in this episode, particularly when he was so furious with Tyrion. He's normally very good at accent consistency, so I'm not sure what was up. But then, compared to the otherwise-excellent Peter Dinklage, you'd practically think Gillen was a born Englishman. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I thought I heard a bit of Irish Podism in there! Nice to know my ears can still differentiate the different British/Irish/Scotish dialects. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
206	J_Crews	2012-04-15	Theon rant was not in the book. Great episode though and I did like the rant. Shows his vulnerability and his want to be apart of a family. Starks never treated him like family and neither do the Greyjoys who are his family.Agreed.
207	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-15	Disturbing homophobia displayed by some of the posters. Not cool at all. One of the great things about the book series and it's fans is how intelligent and worldly they are, not like the typical fantasy fanboy. To this forum's credit, the vast majority of the posters here are thoughtful, insightful and add to the dialogue/theories surrounding this wonderful series. That's why it sticks out so much when homophobic neanderthals manage to find their way here.
208	The Red Maester	2012-04-15	The Damphair blessing scene was epic.  Gorgeous music in the background and the pain on Theon's face as he knows he is selling out the people that raised him.  That look as he turns toward Balon and Asha captures hundreds of pages of character development.  For anyone not big on the idea of a screen adaption, this scene is why I like it.  If only they had an internal dialogue saying, "You must remember your name"
One complaint.... why is Hot Pie not shouting "HOT PIE!" during the fight.
209	J_Crews	2012-04-15	By far the best episode of the season thus far.  Loved pretty much every second of it.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
210	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	Lord Commander Mormont and the Dumbest Steward in the Realm: So, Jon turns to Mormont and says, â<U+0080><U+009C>He sends the boys to the White Walkers.â<U+0080><U+009D> And then he looks at Mormont, has a realization (light dawns on marble head) and says â<U+0080><U+009C>You knew!!!â<U+0080><U+009D>  All filled with righteous indignation.  And Mormont looks at Jon (and the actor is game; heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trying to show that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rueful about what he knows and why its necessary) but in a brief flash I half expected Mormont to say:â<U+0080><U+009C>Jon, for fuckâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sake- he lives in the middle of nowhere with a house filled with daughters who he fucks and gets pregnant who then give him more daughters!  Do you think I just thought, â<U+0080><U+009C>Guess heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s due for a son one of these days?â<U+0080><U+009D>  You figured it out all on your own?  No shit Sherlock- I figured out that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doing something to the boys.  I'm so happy you're here!â<U+0080><U+009D>And then I would have loved it had he said, â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, wait thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rightâ<U+0080>¦ you grew up in Winterfellâ<U+0080>¦ my badâ<U+0080>¦â<U+0080><U+009D>Seriously- who COULDNâ<U+0080><U+0099>T have figured that one out? Did we need ANY of that?Overall, best episode of the seasons- hitting its stride big time.Well no. He must have thought he sent the boys away to another village or something. How could he guess he was sacrifcing them to  White walkers? He pieced together that the sons were sent away, not just the manner of which it was done, which is why Jon is so disgusted/surprised.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 15 April 2012 - 11:24 PM.
211	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	The Damphair blessing scene was epic.  Gorgeous music in the background and the pain on Theon's face as he knows he is selling out the people that raised him.  That look as he turns toward Balon and Asha captures hundreds of pages of character development.  For anyone not big on the idea of a screen adaption, this scene is why I like it.  If only they had an internal dialogue saying, "You must remember your name"One complaint.... why is Hot Pie not shouting "HOT PIE!" during the fight.If i recall he has yet to be cast and that was just a priest.
212	Howdyphillip	2012-04-15	Well no. He must have thought he sent the boys away to another village or something. How could he guess he was sacrifcing them to  White walkers? He pieced together that the sons were sent away, not just the manner of which it was done, which is why Jon is so disgusted/surprised.So... Your theory is the guy who marries and rapes his daughters, and keeps them captive against their will suddenly becomes a humanitarian with his sons... OK, I'll let you go with that one
213	Bubba	2012-04-15	The only thing more annoying than homophobia are the users who try to derail the thread by pointing it out. 
I thought it was a great episode all around. Yoren shined in the last 5 minutes, Tyrion's scene was well done, and the southern scenes were pretty good too. Theon however, stole the show.
Could someone point out what exactly Theon's letter said? I didn't catch it.
214	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-15	I mentioned most of my opinions on this great episode in the episode rating thread so I won't re-hash it here but I'll just say that I love how the show is portraying the Greyjoys and are making them far more interesting than they ever were in the books. Sometimes the editing down and streamlining that the TV show provides actually works much better. Balon bitchslapping Theon across the room was definitely a MOMENT! lol
Also, I said it in the other thread but I love the scene between Tyrion and Cersei. Instead of her coming off as a dumb shrew in this particular scene as she did in the book, she is portrayed as a scared mother afraid to lose her daughter. It is often said that Cersei's only redeeming quality is the love she has for her children. To her, Tyrion is just another man waltzing into her life, telling her what to do and directing things for her, even the lives of her own children. Her frustration with her position as a woman is palpable in this scene and Lena Headey played in magnificently. Loved, loved, loved this scene.
Renly and Loras was a much welcomed respite from all the T&A that we're constantly barraged with on this show. All they did was kiss, by the reaction of some of the small minded posters in this thread you would have thought that they showed Renly banging Loras from a leather harness. Get OVER it. Gay people exist in the world and they aren't going anywhere!
Loved the scene with Margaery as well as it sets up her intrigues in King's Landing perfectly. The actress Natalie Dormer is perfect for the role, just as she was as Queen Anne in "The Tudors". Brienne was also perfectly cast!
215	Eponine	2012-04-15	LOVED Tyrion's test of Pycelle/Varys/LF - easily my favorite part of the episode.
LOVED Brienne - I think the show will greatly benefit from having her story arc being viewed instead of told, because she's already more fascinating to watch then she was to read about. (The same goes for Sam, who I enjoy much more in the show than in the books).
LOVED Sam and Gilly. I appreciate the POV structure in the book, but sometimes the characters get so fixated...
LOVED when Sansa said she hoped the fighting was over soon so she could declare her love of the king. (Shouldn't Cersei sympathize? /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> )
Undecided about Yara, although I totally want that Greyjoy kraken fireplace. She's described as witty, not extremely charismatic, so it'll boil down for me to whether she seems convincing when she's with the ships.
Renly was greatly improved from last season, although I still feel like he's missing something. Margaery was great. But Loras... ugh. That's all. It's not because he's gay. It's because he's unattractive (hey being beautiful and strong albeit skinny is an important part of who he is in the book) and whiny and silly. Totally outmatched by his sister.
HATED Shae. There are a lot of possible ways her character could have gone that would be better than this. The whole mysterious foreigner not low-born thing annoys the shit out of me - instead of being an opportunistic prostitute in a very precarious position, she's attaching herself to Tyrion for unknown reasons? What I really don't like is that this Shae doesn't seem to draw Tyrion in at all. She's not sexy. She's physically beautiful, of course, but I don't feel like there's anything about her that's just about irresistible to Tyrion, and irrationally so, where he couldn't just find a more cooperative whore. I know that some posters have said that maybe show Tryion likes that she's more assertive, but he kind of just seems annoyed. He's lacking a lot of the emotional neediness that fueled his delusions about book Shae. If I actually believed she was irresistible to him, it would go a long ways. But I don't.
216	Inigo Montoya the Second	2012-04-15	i was disappointed that arya & co didn't get to fight, but i understand. there was so much stuff going on already. i also agree with everything said about sansa/actress. i thought it was very good acting as well.
also, the show has converted me to like the greyjoys.
i wish they would have killed master pycelle or something. i doubt anyone will agree but i think it would have been more dramatic. i thought it was a great scene, but his beard removal was a bit meh. /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />  i loved the "feed it to the goats" line. great shout out!
i love how everyone says "it was the best episode of the season!" and i hope we keep saying it every week until our minds are blown at the finale like last year and wow is this a run on sentence or what?
					
					
							Edited by Inigo Montoya the Second, 15 April 2012 - 11:36 PM.
217	Rockroi	2012-04-15	Well no. He must have thought he sent the boys away to another village or something. How could he guess he was sacrifcing them to White walkers? He pieced together that the sons were sent away, not just the manner of which it was done, which is why Jon is so disgusted/surprised.What other villiage?  Its not that he knew that he was giving them to the WWs; more like "What did you think he was doing with them?"  The point is that the guy ONLY has women around!  No boys no older men.  And he's boffing the girls.  I thought it was pretty obvious that AT THE VERY LEAST he was throwing them in the woods to die from exposure.
218	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	So... Your theory is the guy who marries and rapes his daughters, and keeps them captive against their will suddenly becomes a humanitarian with his sons... OK, I'll let you go with that oneThere is no indication of Craster's religious beliefs or relationship with the Walkers. There is also no indication that he kills them.Again John was surprised by his alliance with the walkers. The only thing he knows about them is that they mindlessly attack people, not them dealing with other humans.So you can take his surprise from the Whites
219	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-15	The only thing more annoying than homophobia are the users who try to derail the thread by pointing it out.Bigotry can't be ignored or it will spread like a festering wound. Sweeping glaringly ignorant comments under the rug does nothing to solve the issue.But other than that, I'm sorry if you thought I was de-railing the thread, although matters of misogyny are often debated on this board, so why not homophobia which is also plays a part in the actual series?
220	trins	2012-04-15	My only gripe is Arya not shouting WINTERFELL ,and Hot Pie following up with a charge and shout of HOT PIE!Outside of that, very good episode.  I like Asha more than most I think,OMMMMGGG thats so right they did say that during the fight /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> That would've taken away from Yoren's death i think.  BUT i certainly would've liked to have seen it included in the scene!And i also agree with you, i like Asha and the girl who plays her well. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
221	howland_reed	2012-04-15	Regarding Yara/Asha,
I know the previous thread from Ep. 202, devolved into talks of her looks.  I'm still not a fan of how unattractive she is, but in my attempt to look past that...
The actress playing Yara/Asha is all sorts of wrong.  Her facial expression is more grim and dour, rather than bold and fiery, yet playful.  Her posture is hunched, rather than standing straight with confidence.  Put simply, she looks and acts like Yara is some cruel bully.
I think she's the biggest casting mistake the show has made.  Would've been second only to Shae, but Shae's a pretty minor character compared to Asha/Yara, so I'm not as upset if I find Shae to be extremely annoying on the show.
222	dansnow	2012-04-15	Favourite episode so far by a lot. Brienne is great. Not sure I like the portrayal of loras but I've been told that I glorify loras is the books as a perfect knight who's just cocky because he's good, like Jaime. In the show I find him kinda whiny, he actually reminds me of viserys. But like I said that's probably my own fault for having an unrealistic idea of him. That said the renly/Tyrell set up was excellently written. Also loved the theon/balon scene, Yoren and tyrions set up, just a great episode all around.
223	AquariumDrinker	2012-04-15	Bigotry can't be ignored or it will spread like a festering wound. Sweeping glaringly ignorant comments under the rug does nothing to solve the issue.But other than that, I'm sorry if you thought I was de-railing the thread, although matters of misogyny are often debated on this board, so why not homophobia which is also plays a part in the actual series?And it plays a part of this episode even. What better place to discuss a viewers views of a part of the episode?
224	Inigo Montoya the Second	2012-04-15	I found it ironic/funny that every image associated with this episode (that I've seen) is of Dany.
225	Rockroi	2012-04-15	There is no indication of Craster's religious beliefs or relationship with the Walkers. There is also no indication that he kills them.Other than the fact that he has no boys living around him?  Only daughters? Again John was surprised by his alliance with the walkers. The only thing he knows about them is that they mindlessly attack people, not them dealing with other humans.No.  John is not only upset about the walkers but the fact that Mormont et al are okay that Craster sends his baby boys to die in the woods; the fact that White Walkers take them and not the cold is immaterial.  Its really repugnant either way.  Hence John's surprise that Mormont had already deduced all of this is just hillarious.
226	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-15	Agree. They've gone a long way to making him a tragic figure. It's been good writing.While Shae doesn't work for me, Sansa does. I was amused how in one scene you feel terrible for her as she is in a horrifying situation. The next scene she's a snobby lady. Ah, Sansa...Snobby? Shae clearly had no earthly idea what she was doing. If she can't do her job, what is she doing there? Sansa already has to deal with playing nice to her father's murderers all day and being all happiness and smiles in public despite her true feelings about it, I don't think she wants to go home and nursemaid an incompetent maid.
227	Vikingkingq	2012-04-15	Best episode of the season, on part with some of the best of season 1.
My computer is momentarily busted, so I'll just say that Pycelle couldn't have known about the incest otherwise his season 1 plotline makes no sense. However, that's a minor error in an otherwise flawless episode.
228	Howdyphillip	2012-04-15	I really missed Ros this week. She should have been the whore in Pyrcells chamber...
OK....OK... I am trolling here
229	James Arryn	2012-04-15	Thank any and all gods they abridged the Drowned God aspect.
Overall, liked it. Tyrion and Yoren were the highlights, Balon's moment of self-doubt the surprise, and Renly again the least well served.
Brienne was closer than I ever thought they'd get, but her devotion is only covered in the script...in action/demeanor she was pretty unreadable, and that's not how I read it.
By far the best scene was the Tyrion's test sequence.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 15 April 2012 - 11:52 PM.
230	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-15	Oh shut up.  It's in the books and it's hypocritical to not bitch about "heteroism."Actually the books implied the relationship and left it for cleverer readers to figure out.  Dudes making out is overt, and will be as poorly received as it was in TrueBlood.
231	trins	2012-04-15	I'm getting a strange feeling... I love Lena Headey to bits and her fab portrayal of Cersei, butttt-- I just cant see her being slutty Cersei who sleeps around and acts all bipolar -  there i said it.  Cersei's supposed to sleep around a lot, esp in the later books, and Lena just plays her soo calm and classy and sophisticated, which is exacerbated  in the show when the producers changed some of her unclassy (book) actions (ordering the death of the bastards etc) and softened her up a bit.
232	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-15	But Loras... ugh. That's all. It's not because he's gay. It's because he's unattractive (hey being beautiful and strong albeit skinny is an important part of who he is in the book) and whiny and silly. Totally outmatched by his sister.We'll call it a preference thing then. I think he looks so much better this season than last. Definitely agree with you about Shae though.I really missed Ros this week. She should have been the whore in Pyrcells chamber...OK....OK... I am trolling hereNice one. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
233	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-15	They could have displayed the same thing without all the making out. It was so unneccessary. I don't bitch about heteroism because every scene in the show so far displayed a purpose. (Jaime and Cersei in the tower for example.)The scene was fine as it was. Renly and Loras appear to be in love, so I don't see what the problem is. Thou protesteth too much.
234	Angarwaen	2012-04-15	An excellent episode, much, so much better than episode 2 ! 
I really liked Theon's scenes. Alfie Allen really has come into the character. The Drowned God ceremony was intense. Nice scene between Yoren and Arya, especially the part where Yoren talks about repeating the name of the man who killed his brother every night, like a prayer (I don't think that's in the books...), that's pretty good writing, to introduce Arya's bedtime prayer. 
The whole Tyrion - Littlefinger - Varys - Cersei - Pycelle part was probably the highlight of the episode (of course, any appearance of Peter Dinklage is the highlight of an episode /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> )
I liked Brienne. I did picture her as devoted yet stoic and stern. 
The introduction of the Martells and the Tyrells in what was just a "Stark vs Evil Blonds vs that gay guy vs the dude with the red woman" is nicely done as well, just to remind people that there is a bigger picture.
Oh, and FINALLY the "Power is a curious thing..." scene. Somehow it got ruined for me in a way, they really overused it in trailers. 
I still haven't made up my mind about Asha. I guess we'll have to see.
235	James Arryn	2012-04-16	I'm not one prone to seeing ____ism wherever I look, but I think people conscious of portrayals of homosexuals would have a pretty solid issue with this show as contrasted with the book. 
They have simultaneously ratcheted up Renly's gay-ness while completely doing away with his martial skill/bravery etc. and conforming him to a stereotype of, well, homosexuals as 'soft'. 
It may be entirely coincidental, but I doubt it. 
I think they reached for easy-to-identify archetypes. And if it was coincidental and no one thought to put 2 and 2 together...wow.
236	James Arryn	2012-04-16	Oh, and FINALLY the "Power is a curious thing..." scene. Somehow it got ruined for me in a way, they really overused it in trailers.Same. Rivals Cersei's 'game of thrones' line as foundational for the series, and yet having seen it before lightened it.
237	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	Disturbing homophobia displayed by some of the posters. Not cool at all. One of the great things about the book series and it's fans is how intelligent and worldly they are, not like the typical fantasy fanboy. To this forum's credit, the vast majority of the posters here are thoughtful, insightful and add to the dialogue/theories surrounding this wonderful series. That's why it sticks out so much when homophobic neanderthals manage to find their way here. I agree. We dont need "Republican Space Rangers" around here to be honest.Bigotry can't be ignored or it will spread like a festering wound. Sweeping glaringly ignorant comments under the rug does nothing to solve the issue.But other than that, I'm sorry if you thought I was de-railing the thread, although matters of misogyny are often debated on this board, so why not homophobia which is also plays a part in the actual series?Actualy im not sure wtf is up with the homophobia in the show. Homosexuality in the books seems to be ignored or regarded as a bad habit.
238	Howdyphillip	2012-04-16	Harle, if you mean that Got will get the same reception as Trublood which is the highest rated show in the history of HBO, then I certainly hope you are right.
239	Frumpus	2012-04-16	I like the way they condensed a sizeable chunk of the Arya arc into that one last scene. It essentially saved them a lot of filler time.
240	Delmas	2012-04-16	WoW Yoren scene's were awesome, went out like a G.
Yara/Asha has something about her, I find her plenty attractive, likely will even more so when she is command of 30 ships.
Was nearly in tears during the Yoren/Arya scene.
Bran/Maester Luwin scene was good, helped explain his dreams with little wasted screen time.
Brienne was perfect imo. 
coulda done without the loras/renly scene but I understand the ladies might have enjoyed it more so then us men.
All in all great episode, am I the only one who feels like these episodes last like 5 mins?!
241	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	I'm getting a strange feeling... I love Lena Headey to bits and her fab portrayal of Cersei, butttt-- I just cant see her being slutty Cersei who sleeps around and acts all bipolar -  there i said it.  Cersei's supposed to sleep around a lot, esp in the later books, and Lena just plays her soo calm and classy and sophisticated, which is exacerbated  in the show when the producers changed some of her unclassy (book) actions (ordering the death of the bastards etc) and softened her up a bit.She only sleeps with a Kettleblack once and that was for lack of choice.  And Lady Taena ofc... looking forward to that /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
242	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-16	This was the best episode of the season.  It moved smoothly.  I thought Brienne was perfectly cast and played.  Unlike some, I think Asha/Yara is very much as I pictured her.  I could never imagine any Greyjoy as looking beautiful.
243	James Arryn	2012-04-16	All in all great episode, am I the only one who feels like these episodes last like 5 mins?!No.
244	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	coulda done without the loras/renly scene but I understand the ladies might have enjoyed it more so then us men.Wow, another one. Where do these people come from?
245	Caro99	2012-04-16	arya and tyrion are doing a great job so far!!! loved brienne of course and theon, yoren, and bran were nice to watch in this episode as well. poor mastery pycelle, though bronn was cute. even though i would've liked a million times more to have watched the serpentine steps moment between sansa and sandor in this episode instead of sansa and shae i liked it all the same. i wanted to cry when cersei was being all mean to sansa during dinner, while her kids are just adorable! but sophie turner really managed to show the fear the prospect of soon marrying joffrey brings to her. and well, overall a great episode imo. and it was nice how it ended- poor lommy though
246	Angarwaen	2012-04-16	That's why Allen is a good casting decision for Theon, he's not ugly, he's even attractive to a certain extent, but there's something untrustworthy, unhealthy even, about him that just corresponds perfectly to Theon.
However, isn't Euron supposed to be smoking hot ? At least that's how he's pictured.
Two last remarks : do you think they'll already start expanding on the Children of the Forest ? 
And is it me or has Sansa/Sophie Turner really changed since episode 1 ?
247	James Arryn	2012-04-16	One small but cool element was the fact that only Pycelle doesn't argue.
248	redraike	2012-04-16	Yara or Whatever The Show Named Her: Somebody else said it and it bares repeating: this â<U+0080><U+009C>Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Sisterâ<U+0080><U+009D> possesses none of the charisma and polish of the bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character.  Now, part of that HAS to be that you have to cut SOMETHING.  This was Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode, not Yaraâ<U+0080><U+0099>s.   Hence, she has to be muzzled.  But â<U+0080>¦ how about a little something?  And she looks so cowed he whole time.She probably shouldn't have the charisma.  Remember, she's doesn't have the pull that Victarion nor Euron has.  It's not just because she's female, but it's well established that she doesn't have the commanding presence nor the popularity required.  She's supposed to be somewhat unlikeable.
249	AquariumDrinker	2012-04-16	Could someone point out what exactly Theon's letter said? I didn't catch it. Robb,I hope this reaches you in time. My father has rejected the offer and plans to attack the North, raiding the shores and taking Deepwood Motte. Mobilize your army and make for the North before its too late. I'll write again when I can.Theon
250	Morrigan	2012-04-16	The Voice of Theon Greyjoy:  As others have discussed, the books wrote a part of Theon; the novels make the good arguer in all of us beg Theon to just SAY what is so OBVIOUS- â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Father, why do you hate me do much for being a hostage to Eddard Stark when I  was a hostage to pay for your â<U+0080>¦ buffoonery?!?!?â<U+0080><U+009D>  We go through a whole book with the READER asking that open and obvious question; one that never leaves Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lips.And then tonight it all came rushing out in a torrent!  Theon Greyjoy finally at long last, speaks.  Not the pissy half-measures as it was in the books, but that honest and true message- â<U+0080><U+009C>Why do you hate me for being a reminder of your mistake?â<U+0080><U+009D>  Finally, at long last Theon sounds like a person who can think and feel straight.And I loved that in the middle of that tirade, that CLOSE shot of Balon Greyjoy.  And in that FUCKING actor was pure brilliance- he almostâ<U+0080>¦. Just almost â<U+0080>¦ looks like he empathizes with Theon.  As if heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s about to â<U+0080>¦ be an honest man and not a shitty, shitty (and I cannot stress this enough s-h-i-t-t-y) Lord.  That may have been the shot of the series staring into the deep darkness of Balon Greyjoyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pain-wracked eyes.Well said! I can't stand the non-Asha Greyjoys in the books, but it seems it's the other way around in the TV series... haha. Asha is a bit disappointing. Not because she isn't hawt, I really couldn't care less about that, but she lacks, well, everything else... :| I'm still giving her time to shine, though, but I'm a bit disappointed.Balon is great though, I was really impressed, and I liked Theon's rant. He came across as a bit whiny-sounding but completely justified, and I like that he stood up to his bullying dad. The actor was great, really nailed Theon's conflicting emotions there.(Honorable Mention: Thank you for not keeping the lame joke that it was a â<U+0080><U+009C>Rainbow Guard.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Yes, we get it- heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gay.  No need to beat us over the head with it)Actually GRRM has said that the homosexuality connotation of the rainbow didn't even cross his mind. Can't be bothered to provide a citation right now, but, yeah, he said that interviews.William: So, Arya just couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t come up with the prayer herself?  She needed somebody to give her the idea?  Mehâ<U+0080>¦.Without internal monologues, it would have been weird if she suddenly started reciting the names all the time. Non-readers would be a bit baffled. I was a bit annoyed too that they removed a bit of agency from Arya, but I understand why they did it. Plus, if she has to get the idea from someone else, it might as well be a motherfucking boss like Yoren. <3
251	teemo	2012-04-16	To me it seems out of character for book Theon, because he never showed any kind of remorse whatsoever.  He was able to forget about Robb pretty easily.  But I can see why they're doing it...it will give him a more heart wrenching storyline.  Although I like the book version because it's a little more subtle and open for interpretation.
252	Lady Olenna	2012-04-16	I knew there would be a bunch of comments about the Renly/Loras scene. I actually found it less uncomfortable than the Ros scenes (maybe because they love each other).
The LF cleaning off the mouth of his worker grossed me out far more than any guy-on-guy scene would. BUT the way Marg's character was spun was awesome. It really drives home the politics of marriage. 
I really enjoyed this episode. Brienne was killer. It flowed well and covered a lot of the book without it feeling like there were holes in it. Varys and Tyrion are perfect together as are Theon/Balon. 
Only scene that sort of lost me was the Sansa/Shae scene. But I'm not a big fan of the Shae character. 
Gilly and Sam were cute too. 
I was surprised Joff wasn't in the episode. But the dinner with the Lannister's and Sansa was a great look into the sweetness of Tommen.
253	BLU-RAY	2012-04-16	Good episode. Considerably better than this thread has been.
I'm interested to see where they go with Shae over the next couple seasons.  Like everyone else, I'm not a fan of the character currently, as I think her attitude and chemistry with Tyrion don't really work with where their story goes in the books; but hey, I'll wait and see.
254	tolthar	2012-04-16	Is it just me or was that the first "Children of the Forest" mention so far in the series?
255	James Arryn	2012-04-16	The Voice of Theon Greyjoy:  As others have discussed, the books wrote a part of Theon; the novels make the good arguer in all of us beg Theon to just SAY what is so OBVIOUS- â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Father, why do you hate me do much for being a hostage to Eddard Stark when I  was a hostage to pay for your â<U+0080>¦ buffoonery?!?!?â<U+0080><U+009D>  We go through a whole book with the READER asking that open and obvious question; one that never leaves Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lips.And then tonight it all came rushing out in a torrent!  Theon Greyjoy finally at long last, speaks.  Not the pissy half-measures as it was in the books, but that honest and true message- â<U+0080><U+009C>Why do you hate me for being a reminder of your mistake?â<U+0080><U+009D>  Finally, at long last Theon sounds like a person who can think and feel straight.And I loved that in the middle of that tirade, that CLOSE shot of Balon Greyjoy.  And in that FUCKING actor was pure brilliance- he almostâ<U+0080>¦. Just almost â<U+0080>¦ looks like he empathizes with Theon.  As if heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s about to â<U+0080>¦ be an honest man and not a shitty, shitty (and I cannot stress this enough s-h-i-t-t-y) Lord.  That may have been the shot of the series staring into the deep darkness of Balon Greyjoyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pain-wracked eyes.Don't agree with everything you wrote, but thoroughly enjoyed how you wrote it.One point, though...loved the rant too, and agree it answered an inner scream, but maybe I'm alone in thinking it was one step short.The last dot that should have been connected in that rant was the part about..."And now you're doing it again, and acting like I have no perspective on this! Will I be the one to pay the fucking stupid-price again?"
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 12:50 AM.
256	Zar Lannister	2012-04-16	LOL @ the Margaery comment from Renly.
I guess now we wont have to wait until the Season for AFFC to understand her demand for Moon Tea.
257	teemo	2012-04-16	Some people complain about how book Shae was so one-dimensional, and that TV Shae is a lot more "interesting" for Tyrion, because it doesn't "fit" his personality to like a dumb (or pretending to be dumb) whore.  I kind of feel the exact opposite.  I think Tyrion is very confident and witty and everything in a lot of ways, but like many people, he is a completely different person when it comes to relationship and women.  I know based on the way that I act, that I've ended up with a lot of guys/girls that someone may think unexpected for me.  I also often act much different with my boyfriend than I do with other people.  I liked that part of Tyrion - that when it came to even a relationship with a whore, he had blinders on and wasn't always practical/logical/realistic with it.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 12:49 AM.
258	teemo	2012-04-16	LOL @ the Margaery comment from Renly.I guess now we wont have to wait until the Season for AFFC to understand her demand for Moon Tea.Yeah, I guess she's not a maiden afterall.  I wonder if GRRM agrees.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 12:49 AM.
259	redraike	2012-04-16	The LF cleaning off the mouth of his worker grossed me out far more than any guy-on-guy scene would.Totally agreed. that was serious ick.
260	Zar Lannister	2012-04-16	I really enjoyed the seeing the scene of Cersei's and Tyrion's confrontation in TV. I think Lena Headey delivered Cersei's emotions very well. How she feels threatened by not being able to control what is developing around her, especially.
261	Envie	2012-04-16	What does everyone think of Shae's revealing she was once a handmaiden for a "Lady Zurif" and she's not from there to Sansa? Is this yet another easter egg hint to a sub plot in Shae's mysterious story that we don't yet know? They hinted in the 'lying game' first season that Shae is someone very secret. Now this, it really has me curious!
I loved this episode, wonderfully done - ALL scenes and actors were wonderful.
262	James Arryn	2012-04-16	I really enjoyed the seeing the scene of Cersei's and Tyrion's confrontation in TV. I think Lena Headey delivered Cersei's emotions very well. How she feels threatened by not being able to control what is developing around her, especially.I also thought the 'get out' but was played perfectly, and encapsulated why she has trouble as a leader: her reaction to the unfavorable is to reject it.
263	Envie	2012-04-16	Yeah, I guess she's not a maiden afterall.  I wonder if GRRM agrees.There's always been a lot of debate about whether Margaery was really a virgin. The show's just playing that up some more and the word of Renly to his queen may not be exact either.
264	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-16	she was never a virgin for real. Just "officially" as she said.
265	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nice to see a bit of warmth and tenderness from the only one of the three brothers Baratheon who actually had a healthy and loving relationship. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s also IIRC the only sweet kiss weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen since Ned kissed Cat goodbye (forever) down in Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing.
266	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-16	Wow, another one. Where do these people come from?Apparently two men kissing for 10 seconds with their clothes on freaks people out but 5 minutes of seeing women writhing all over each other completely naked is A. Ok....
267	lmanion	2012-04-16	Yoren was a total badass right to the end loved it!
Pycelles arrest was funny the looks between Tyrion and Bronn the 2 actors are great together.
Also 'chop off his manhood and feed it to the goats', 'there are no goats halfman', 'well make do'
268	teemo	2012-04-16	Hahhh I actually got in an fight with my friend over this tonight.  He told me how gross the "gay sex scene" was and it ended up turning into a pretty bad argument /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
269	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-16	FWIW, I heard a lot more of Aiden Gillen's natural accent in this episode, particularly when he was so furious with Tyrion. He's normally very good at accent consistency, so I'm not sure what was up. But then, compared to the otherwise-excellent Peter Dinklage, you'd practically think Gillen was a born Englishman. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I have a theory there...I think it's plausable to think that The Fingers would have a different accent/dialect to standard/high Westerosi - it's fairly secluded and remote.I can see Littlefinger throwing a bit of "posh" into his voice so that he better fits in with the lord's, nobles and the small council.When his temper is up, he could lose some control and slip a bit with his "voice"Then again, Gillen is Irish, could have been a stuff up (surely the director/producers would notice such an error?)
270	teemo	2012-04-16	It just threw me off because his voice was completely different last season.
271	James Arryn	2012-04-16	I really noticed the Irish accent in ep. 2.
Hadn't even figured his as Irish before that. Knew his accent wasn't exactly on, but didn't think too much about it.
But in Ep 2 it was like 'oh, he's Irish.'
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 01:19 AM.
272	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Apparently two men kissing for 10 seconds with their clothes on freaks people out but 5 minutes of seeing women writhing all over each other completely naked is A. Ok....Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s even worse is the idea that pimp-managed prostitution and rough sex is better than an honest and caring relationship.  The clincher was the idea that â<U+0080><U+009C>only the ladiesâ<U+0080><U+009D> would like to see that kind of thing on TV. That just isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t right. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rather distressing, actually.
273	Lady Olenna	2012-04-16	Just a quick side note (hope it hasn't been mentioned yet) but some of my favorite lines in the book were missing from the show. One is when Arya tells Lommy to Yield and notices that Got Pie is "still yielding" and of course when Arya yells out "for Winterfell" and Hot Pie yells "for Hot Pie!". Also love the knowing look that Jaquen gives Arya when she tosses him the axe.
274	Sci-2	2012-04-16	Way to much homoism. it's unattractive and not a very important part of the show.The straight sex gets to me actually, so gross and boring. I'm hoping for some more explicit homo-erotica akin to the stuff we see at LF's brothel.
275	teemo	2012-04-16	Just a quick side note (hope it hasn't been mentioned yet) but some of my favorite lines in the book were missing from the show. One is when Arya tells Lommy to Yield and notices that Got Pie is "still yielding" and of course when Arya yells out "for Winterfell" and Hot Pie yells "for Hot Pie!". Also love the knowing look that Jaquen gives Arya when she tosses him the axe.That scene moved so fast it gave me a headache.  I really wanted the "HOT PIE!" yell too /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Kind of like the "Casterly Rock!" line. hah.
276	Lady Olenna	2012-04-16	Apparently two men kissing for 10 seconds with their clothes on freaks people out but 5 minutes of seeing women writhing all over each other completely naked is A. Ok....This is pretty much what I said as well. Gotta love them double standards. So am I the only one really wondering how the Reek and Jeyne scene is going to be portrayed? I am not looking forward to that one.
277	teemo	2012-04-16	And some people are actually referring to it as a "SEX SCENE!!!"  That is what made me so angry with my friend.
278	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-16	If I had to rank the top three scenes from tonight it would have to be
1. Tyrion and Cersei. It is rare when the tv show scene surpasses the book scene and this was one of those moments. Lena is adding layers to Cersei that is much welcomed.
2. Theon telling Balon that he gave him up and is now chastising him for coming back. Heartbreaking and makes Theon's story-arc that more interesting. 
3. Yoren's dramatic stand against Amory Lorch. Took five Lannister minions to bring him down. He is the definition of badass.
279	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-16	Anyone else with me when I say im not loving the Jaqen character at all?  His look is spot on but his voice isn't really in sync with his manner of speaking.  I feel that the whole "This man" routine works better with a slower, deeper voice. As of yet Jaqen doesn't exude enough otherworldly mysticism for what he is, maybe this will change at Harrenhall.
280	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-16	And some people are actually referring to it as a "SEX SCENE!!!"  That is what made me so angry with my friend.LOL "Gratuitous sex scene" at that! Two people in love, sharing a tender moment.
281	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	And some people are actually referring to it as a "SEX SCENE!!!"  That is what made me so angry with my friend.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why I asked where they came from.  I live in a college town, and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty normal to see young couples walking around hand in hand of all gender combinations.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not a big deal.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like these people who are grossing out over seeing a couple of hot guys making out have never been exposed to healthy relationships and real affection before. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how that can happen in this era. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary.
282	redraike	2012-04-16	So am I the only one really wondering how the Reek and Jeyne scene is going to be portrayed? I am not looking forward to that one.Just the thought gives me cold shivers
283	J_Crews	2012-04-16	Pycelle couldn't have known about the incest otherwise his season 1 plotline makes no sense. However, that's a minor error in an otherwise flawless episode.He knew or, at least, he knew they thought it was the case.  Him knowing that and consequently making sure Jon Arryn didn't recover to tell it is right out of that same scene in the book.
284	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	Is it just me or was that the first "Children of the Forest" mention so far in the series?Yep, first time. I bet the non-readers compleately missed it since there was no emphasis on it whatsoever.
285	teemo	2012-04-16	Every time I see a Bran scene now my heart breaks a little, knowing that I'll never see a Reed kid.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 01:28 AM.
286	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Every time I see a Bran scene now my heart breaks a little, knowing that I'll never see a Reed kid.Maybe, maybe not.  Apparently some characters from Clash are only in the third series.
287	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-16	It just threw me off because his voice was completely different last season.True, now that I think of it.Gillen does an excellent "Balamore" accent...surely highborn english should be easy for him.
288	teemo	2012-04-16	Maybe, maybe not.  Apparently some characters from Clash are only in the third series.I hope so....!  Not looking good so far though, because I'm pretty sure the Winterfell sack is happening this season.  They really need the Reed kids to build up to that and be there when it happens if they're going to use them at all.
289	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-16	I think they aren't getting rid of the Reeds altogether but perhaps pushing them back. I'm not sure but I just don't see how they can completely write them off as they seem so vital to Bran's storyline. I know producers try to reduce that amount of child actors on the set because there are labor laws that prevent them from shooting on a quick schedule so I really don't know how they'll go with this...I really hope they keep them in though. I can handle Shireen being written out as she seems superfluous to Stannis' story but the Reeds are a big part of Bran's.
290	Lady Olenna	2012-04-16	I think the part about the Renly/Loras scene that I actually really liked was the jealousy that Loras has for Brienne. I love that she kicked his little butt and how the gender roles are just tossed out in the book/show.
291	redraike	2012-04-16	Loras... ugh. That's all. It's not because he's gay. It's because he's unattractiveoooo what you just said...
292	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-16	I believe the 8th episode is called "Prince of Winterfell" so I'm assuming that will be when Theon makes his move against the castle since that is the title he gave himself when he took it in the books.
293	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	I hope so....!  Not looking good so far though, because I'm pretty sure the Winterfell sack is happening this season.  They really need the Reed kids to build up to that and be there when it happens if they're going to use them at all.No build up but i think Meera will show up in S3 with green dream abilities.
294	teemo	2012-04-16	What do people think of Loras and Renly?  They are considered two of the most beautiful men in the realm in the book.  Do you think this is accurately portrayed in the show?
295	Lady Olenna	2012-04-16	I think Lancel and Loras could have switched roles. I think what is off-putting (for me) with Loras is his hair. I was expecting a much prettier man.
296	mrnegativity	2012-04-16	No. Loras is far too effeminate. Women are meant to be swooning for him too; I pictured him as a younger Jaime with dark hair.
Remember too that Jaime sees a bit of himself in Loras later on - at this stage I can't see Jaime identifying with Loras at all, purely because he doesn't come off as knightly (i.e. traditionally masculine) in the slightest.
Renly is good though.
297	NymeriaLives	2012-04-16	I hope so....! Not looking good so far though, because I'm pretty sure the Winterfell sack is happening this season. They really need the Reed kids to build up to that and be there when it happens if they're going to use them at all.I feel like it'll be fine if they appear as Bran and Rickon are emerging from the crypts, and had maybe been hiding in the Godswood or something. The greendreams would've let them know that they're alive. I love the Reeds, and I was really sad they weren't cast, but I don't think they've been completely written out.I really didn't like the way Brienne spoke. It just seemed so mechanical, whereas to me Brienne is all about passion, and honour, not robotic. Hopefully she'll grow though. From the way the pacing has been going, I actually expected the 'shadow' to kill Renly in this episode, and we did see Dragonstone in the credits, but then we didn't actually go there, did we? I wonder if it got cut.
298	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-16	I'm pretty convinced that the TVMargaery will be an combination of BookMargaery and BookQueenofThrones, they'll give her all the political acumen and save themselves the trouble of casting Olenna Tyrell.
And the Reeds boat have sailed a long time ago, there will be no Reeds on the TV show.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 16 April 2012 - 01:46 AM.
299	teemo	2012-04-16	Yeah, Loras is very effeminate looking.  BUT, I remember when I was 10-12, I was obsessed with the Hanson boys, thinking they were the most beautiful creatures on earth, so I can see how girls (especially younger girls) can find him very attractive.  I would have loved him when I was 12. Ok, I can't believe I just admitted to loving Hanson /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 01:59 AM.
300	James Arryn	2012-04-16	I think Lancel and Loras could have switched roles. I think what is off-putting (for me) with Loras is his hair. I was expecting a much prettier man.No. In S1 I thought Loras had a bit of Leo...who I don't think is good looking, but I get that most do...so I kinda shrugged it off, but Renly never fit and now neither do.
301	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	I think Lancel and Loras could have switched roles. I think what is off-putting (for me) with Loras is his hair. I was expecting a much prettier man.I do know what youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re saying.  Still, at least Loras shaves. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Lancel does. That would be a bit weird. Then again, it already is a bit weird, him with Cersei twice his age.
302	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I think that this was an excellent episode. Tyrion's machinations with the high council was outstanding, as was Cersei's reaction regarding Myrcella. My favorite line was Shagga saying, "there's no goat here, Halfman." /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  
My heart breaks for poor Sansa, and I can see her venting her frustration on a servant, as it is her only outlet to breathe. Does she look more mature from last season, or what? This sets up Shae hating Sansa perfectly. Shae's character is exactly how I imagined her, annoying as hell. She's purposefully tries to have Sansa let her go so that she can go back and say that she tried.
I don't like the Ironborn in the books or on screen, however, Theon's pain and frustration came across convincingly. Balon and Yara reflect the "We don't sow" attitude well. Shabbily dressed and shortsighted.
I really liked Catelyn's scene with Renly and company. She put Loras in his place nicely. Is Loras or Maergery supposed to be Renly's hand? They both give him good advice. Brienne is absolutely perfect.
YOREN! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> This was the best scene of the show. Yoren was a total badass, I hated to see him go as, I liked him from last season.  My little Arya is going to start saying her prayers, like all good little girls should.
Just like last season, the episodes get better as they progress.
303	teemo	2012-04-16	I feel like it'll be fine if they appear as Bran and Rickon are emerging from the crypts, and had maybe been hiding in the Godswood or something. The greendreams would've let them know that they're alive. I love the Reeds, and I was really sad they weren't cast, but I don't think they've been completely written out.I really didn't like the way Brienne spoke. It just seemed so mechanical, whereas to me Brienne is all about passion, and honour, not robotic. Hopefully she'll grow though. From the way the pacing has been going, I actually expected the 'shadow' to kill Renly in this episode, and we did see Dragonstone in the credits, but then we didn't actually go there, did we? I wonder if it got cut.That's funny, I've always pictured Brienne to have a mechanical voice.  She just seems mechanical in general, actually.  Well, that's my interpretation of her.
304	Kyle Foster	2012-04-16	Excellent episode. the intensity is starting to ramp up and there is a few great scenes in this episode. 1) the scene where Balon has his back turned to Theon and Theon is screaming at Balon for giving him up is amazing. ( Malahide has Balon's character portrayal spot on ). 2) Tyrion's line where he tells Maester Pycelle he hasn't had a good shit in 6 days made me laugh for 3 straight minutes!! I think Tyrion is going to use that flask to poison Cersei for a day so he can scheme around her little birds and minions!!! 3) Yoren is badass, loved his accent!!! 4) I'm reading the books again and Arya is becoming my other favorite character other than Jon Snow, her story really is amazing. 9.5 out 10 rating for what is dead may never die!
305	Winter's Knight	2012-04-16	Guys, I think they're dropping QoT and rolling her character into Margery.I'm pretty convinced that the TVMargaery will be an combination of BookMargaery and BookQueenofThrones, they'll give her all the political acumen and save themselves the trouble of casting Olenna Tyrell.And the Reeds boat have sailed a long time ago, there will be no Reeds on the TV show.Late post is late. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
					
					
							Edited by Winterbreath, 16 April 2012 - 01:51 AM.
306	Kyle Foster	2012-04-16	Also Margaery is absolutely beautiful, won't lie got a bit excited there!!
307	teemo	2012-04-16	Guys, I think they're dropping QoT and rolling her character into Margery.No! Blasphemy!
308	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	Renly is good though.On what planet Renly is suposed to look like young Robert not like young Karl Pilkington /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
309	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Remember too that Jaime sees a bit of himself in Loras later on - at this stage I can't see Jaime identifying with Loras at all, purely because he doesn't come off as knightly (i.e. traditionally masculine) in the slightest.Renly is good though.Yes, Renly is good.I always wondered whether Jaime wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seeing that Loras and Margaery were closer than normal brother and sister, maybe not as close as he and Cersei are, but definitely different.  I think this episode shows that they are.Margaery is much better, and much hotter, than I thought she would be.  This is a good thing.Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s even prettier than Loras, which I never got from the books.
310	redraike	2012-04-16	Bran is growing a moustache.
311	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	I really liked Catelyn's scene with Renly and company. She put Loras in his place nicely. Is Loras or Maergery supposed to be Renly's hand? They both give him good advice. Pretty sure they both give Renly a hand, if you know what I mean. Lucky boy.
312	teemo	2012-04-16	I love how blunt Margaery was.  "I can just turn around and you can pretend I'm Loras.  Or he can come in and warm you up."  She's freakin' awesome.  She may be on the way to becoming one of my favorite GoT tv characters.
313	NymeriaLives	2012-04-16	However, isn't Euron supposed to be smoking hot ? At least that's how he's pictured.We didn't see Euron the Crow's Eye, we saw Aeron the Damphair ;-)Yeah, I guess she's not a maiden afterall. I wonder if GRRM agrees.I'm SO glad that question was finally answered. Although, I guess the moon tea makes it pretty obvious. I always assumed she knew about Loras and Renly, but I never would've thought that Renly didn't know she knew! That was fun.I'm pretty convinced that the TVMargaery will be an combination of BookMargaery and BookQueenofThrones, they'll give her all the political acumen and save themselves the trouble of casting Olenna Tyrell.Whoooa, so you think Margaery herself will plan Joffrey's murder? That would be awesome. And creepy,
314	teemo	2012-04-16	We didn't see Euron the Crow's Eye, we saw Aeron the Damphair ;-)Hah, yeah if that was Euron then they would have definitely dropped the ball on his looks.
315	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Pretty sure they both give Renly a hand, if you know what I mean. Lucky boy.But, he will only stand pay attention to one of those hands.
316	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	Who was the guy that stabbed Lommy Greenhands at the end?
317	Social Justice Bass	2012-04-16	Great stuff.1. I love how much Littlefinger we're getting in this season, and how the series is setting him up to make a great power play after all of the humiliation and defeats (Cersei's threat, the brothel raid, Tyrion's deception, etc). My guess is that we'll get a scene or two where we see him undermine Joffrey through the strategy he describes in ASoS: praise him to Margaery's face, then have his men talk about how he's a monster amidst the Tyrell men. It all reinforces the central fascinating feature of Littlefinger: Everybody knows that he's sleazy, grasping, and clever, but nobody takes him too seriously because they think he's under their thumb due to his low social rank.2. Aside from Natalie Dormer being hot (my personal favorite of all the nude women of the series), her portrayal of Margaery is rock solid. Whether or not Renly being homosexual bothers her, she doesn't show it at all - and is fully cognizant of what must be done for her to become Queen of Westeros. I had the same reaction as Renly when she basically said, "Do you want me to bring in Loras to 'warm you up', or will it be enough to screw me from behind and pretend I'm him?" "What?". I don't think the show confirmed that she's a non-virgin, but they definitely made it ambiguous for plot purposes.3. I really enjoy Arya's sections, although we haven't really gotten a sense of what make them significant in the books. Arya is our "ground-level" view on what's happening in the Riverlands as the conflict rages, and sees many of the effects firsthand (such as the pillaging, the rapes, the torture). Maybe we'll get some of that in the next episode, although I think it's more likely that they'll just speed things on to Harrenhal so we can get her three wishes with Jaqen H'gar.4. This show has done a fantastic job of taking minor book characters and making them much greater. Yoren is far more awesome in the show than he was in the books, just like how Jorah Mormont turned out to be much greater as well. I'm sad to see him die, although Show-Yoren died in epic fashion.
					
					
							Edited by Lane Pryce, 16 April 2012 - 02:09 AM.
318	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-16	Whoooa, so you think Margaery herself will plan Joffrey's murder? That would be awesome. And creepy,Well, it's not as if she wasn't in on it in the books. In fact the most common theory has her as the one who dropped the poison in the wine.
319	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Loras says â<U+0080><U+009C>Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+009D> with the stress on the first syllable.Renly says â<U+0080><U+009C>Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+009D> with the stress on the second syllable.Curious.
320	NymeriaLives	2012-04-16	4. This show has done a fantastic job of taking minor book characters and making them much greater. Yoren is far more awesome in the show than he was in the books, just like how Jorah Mormont turned out to be much greater as well. I'm sad to see him die, although Show-Yoren died in epic fashion.It was amazing to me, because I JUST read the epilogue of ADWD soooo, I was like, "LOOK KEVAN! Look what someone else can do with a crossbow bolt in their chest!"The show Yoren is so much softer and nicer though, I really prefer him. In the book he seemed brutal. And though I knew they were going to have to skip Arya/Gendry/HotPie and little Weasel on the road together to save time, to me, it didn't really feel like Jaqen Rorge and Biter were really in danger of dying if Arya didn't save them. The stable collapsing on them or dying from smoke inhalation is a huge different from just one part of the wood of their wagon catching on fire.Aaaaand, how sad. Does this mean we won't get Hot Pie yelling 'Hot Pie'? Hopefully there's a battle at Harrenhal. That's one of the defining moments of the whole series! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Loras says â<U+0080><U+009C>Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+009D> with the stress on the first syllable.Renly says â<U+0080><U+009C>Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+009D> with the stress on the second syllable.Curious.Lord Commander Mormont called them 'wildings'. Sansa and Arya call her 'Are-ee-ah but Cat and Ned called her 'Are-yuh.' It happens a lot, I wish there was a consensus, but it's a small thing in the grand scheme I guess.
					
					
							Edited by NymeriaLives, 16 April 2012 - 02:17 AM.
321	teemo	2012-04-16	Who was the guy that stabbed Lommy Greenhands at the end?Must have been Raff the Sweetling?
322	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Whoooa, so you think Margaery herself will plan Joffrey's murder? That would be awesome. And creepy,Technically, I believe that regicides count as assassinations, not simple murders. As for Margaery being in on it, remember how nonchalant she was about being informed that Joffrey was a monster. She knew sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be in no danger, and not just because her devoted brother was there to protect her. She intended to protect herself.
323	Forgiven	2012-04-16	Who was the guy that stabbed Lommy Greenhands at the end?I'm thinking 'the tickler', but who knows...Interesting changes I suppose, some work fine for, some didn't, but overall I kind of liked the EP, it's sure signal things were working when you go 'what, it's already over' when the credits roll in...Theon's letter, absolutely loved it, most book readers seem to have forgotten how much of an inner fight it was for him to pick a side, and since thoughts don't make it on screen, letter was great.Renly, yea, we finally saw some of the 'kingly side' of his instead of just 'that gay guy', hope to see bit more of it too......Margaery will do fine, though I do dread the possibility of dropping QoT because of the aging, I always though she was more party to plotting than was let on in the books (afterall, most cases of tyrell plotting are bit vague coming from cercei/sansa as PoV...).Tyrion + sending myrcella away... I felt the little change from books wasn't for the good, I mean... in the books he used tommen too, what if two of the small council had gone to cercei before she managed to summon tyrion to rage at him? Afterall, they are showing tommen around, I can see Myrcella being made more important but was this a good way to do that?Yoren ... yea, he got a heroic fight, but that felt bit stupid too, I mean... why leave all his support that far behind and fight it alone to the death first? Eh? Also could have kept the 'just happened to come by this keep' instead of coming after Gendry to avoid that shabby coverup, but hmnf, well, it wasn't THAT bad. Now I just wonder how they'll be able to make Gendry a blacksmith apprentice at harrenhal again seemlessly without it looking obviously silly to just happen to have another ... yea...
324	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-16	Loras says â<U+0080><U+009C>Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+009D> with the stress on the first syllable.Renly says â<U+0080><U+009C>Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+009D> with the stress on the second syllable.Curious. Yeah. The season 1 special features that mention the Tyrells use Loras's pronunciation, which always struck me as odd. Renly's version is the way I've always pronounced it, along with everybody I know.And is it me or has Sansa/Sophie Turner really changed since episode 1 ?How so? Do you mean episode 1 of this season or episode 1 of the first season? Sophie was only 13 during the filming of the pilot episode in 2009ish, I think.
325	kephv	2012-04-16	I just want to say, hell those Wolves look amazing! Was that just the lighting in that scene or did they actually make Summer golden? If so, nice touch.We didn't see Euron the Crow's Eye, we saw Aeron the Damphair ;-)Actually, that wasn't supposed to be the Damphair, apparently. Just some random priest, I think.
326	Winter's Knight	2012-04-16	Technically, I believe that regicides count as assassinations, not simple murders. As for Margaery being in on it, remember how nonchalant she was about being informed that Joffrey was a monster. She knew sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be in no danger, and not just because her devoted brother was there to protect her. She intended to protect herself.It is treason to kill one's king and petit treason to kill one's husband-if this were really a medieval setting, executions would be public and much harsher than a simple beheading and Marg took a huge risk.
327	salt	2012-04-16	I know the priest blessing Theon wasn't actually Aeron Damphair...but holy shit he should be.  That guy was fantastic.
328	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-16	I thought tonights episode was the best of the season. Only scene i didn't like was Sansa and Shae.
329	Morrigan	2012-04-16	Who was the guy that stabbed Lommy Greenhands at the end?In the book, Raff the Sweetling is the one who kills Lommy, and Polliver is the one who steals Needle. I figure they'll merge the two. WiC.net's tumblr listed the guy as being http://wicnet.tumblr...lliver]Polliver[/url].
330	Morrigan	2012-04-16	I know the priest blessing Theon wasn't actually Aeron Damphair...but holy shit he should be.  That guy was fantastic.He was too hot to be Damphair. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
331	CloudFlare	2012-04-16	I also wish the battle with Yoren and Ser Amory's men had been more like the scene in the book, but oh well. Myabe we'll get lucky and some other scene will have Maisie screaming "WINTERFELL!" LOLSame here. On the show the boys didn't have a tactical advantage, and they lost their leader at the beginning of the fight. I think they would have yielded very quickly.
332	Slurktan	2012-04-16	Quite liked the episode.  In particular the Greyjoy stuff was fantastic, I really like how they showing Theon's need for approval.
One gripe for me was the scene with Brienne walking through camp with Cat.  It was just poorly done from a technical standpoint.  They were very, very, obviously doing a forced perspective camera shot as there was a different focus between the two of them.  I'd guess that's due to the budget as it would cost more to hire stand-in's and then splicing the two together like how it was done in LOTR.  Makes me wary of future Brienne scenes though.  Actually bothered me quite a bit.
333	teemo	2012-04-16	And is it me or has Sansa/Sophie Turner really changed since episode 1 ?It's her hair.  She has a Cersei hair style.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 02:47 AM.
334	nachoknight	2012-04-16	I really liked the scene with Theon and the priest.
I'm disappointed Arya didn't get to have her battle at the holdfast, and is being taken to Harrenhal already. I wanted to see more of her adventure up the river. I was looking forward to seeing Gregor and The Tickler at the village.
335	NymeriaLives	2012-04-16	Well, it's not as if she wasn't in on it in the books. In fact the most common theory has her as the one who dropped the poison in the wine.It is treason to kill one's king and petit treason to kill one's husband-if this were really a medieval setting, executions would be public and much harsher than a simple beheading and Marg took a huge risk. I agree. I always thought Lady Oleanna kept Margaery out of it so that Margaery's horrified and endlessly wailing reaction was pure. Although, then that begs the question that would Margaery's natural reaction actually be so upset? Aaand, I would think not.He was too hot to be Damphair.Too hot to be Damphair but not hot enough to be Euron? Ha ha ouuuch, is the Damphair supposed to be extremely unattractive? I definitely missed that.
336	teemo	2012-04-16	Yeah, I've been dying to see the Tickler and Gregor as well!  While Raff is the one who killed Lommy, like someone else said, it would make sense to merge him with Polliver, considering that Polliver is the one who really gets his comeuppance by Arya in the end anyway.  I don't see a problem with that.
And I find it hard to believe that there could be no Olenna and that Margaery plans the purple wedding herself.  I mean, I guess someone else could plot with LF instead of Olenna, but why do that when Olenna would be awesome?  I know it's difficult to cast more and more people, but I always found her to be quite important and one of the main masterminds of her house.  It's definitely not Mace.
I wasn't even expecting to like Margaery, but I did.  I thought it was odd that she is quite a bit older than Sansa, while in the book they are only a few years apart.  She nailed it though...she is an awesome Margaery for sure.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 02:54 AM.
337	Neffaria	2012-04-16	i still cant wrap my head around everyone saying either "asha is supposed to be hot" and "asha is not hot because she has a giant nose"...last I checked penelope cruz has a humdinger of a nose and yet she's made peoples sexiest people list over and over. Asha is supposed to be SEXY that doesnt mean attractive or beautiful, it means that there is something about the person that drives people wild. and Yara would have troubles instilling lust in a blind fishmonger. asha is tough, proud, a little haughty, a little dirty, and a lot sassy. they don't call her a minx for nothing. Yara is tough yes, but she slouches, instead of standing tall with pride, she seems ferrity rather than minxy, she's only dirty in the fact that she needs a bath, and she appears to be too much of Balon's lickspittle to be any kind of sassy. the only conclusion I can draw from these differences is one simple fact: TV Yara is not the same character as book Asha, in form or in deed.
I wouldnt be surprised if the writers went with this more ferril version of her character because it makes theons character more sympathetic. yara just seems like a schoolyard bully, which in turn makes us feel that theon is more noble. and therefore his "turncloak behavior" more tragic.
i wouldnt be surprised if the HBO writers are leaving room to  alter her story arc quite a bit, I mean she needed the charisma to pull off readers believing in a possibility of her becoming queen, but since she looses the moot its not that big of a deal. so perhaps for the sake of brevity (if they ever hit later episodes) it wouldnt really surprise me for them to cut/condense the moot entirely and just have crows eye show up and take the crown.
338	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-16	...Margaery will do fine, though I do dread the possibility of dropping QoT because of the aging, I always though she was more party to plotting than was let on in the books (afterall, most cases of tyrell plotting are bit vague coming from cercei/sansa as PoV...).In my heart, I'm very much committed to seeing Maggie Smith play the Queen of Thorns. If we live in a just universe, it will happen.
339	teemo	2012-04-16	The actress would do a lot better as Asha if they would just have her smirk and smile a bit.  I always imagined her teasing and fiery attitude done with a lot of smiles and smirks, and they seem kind of lacking here.  She doesn't have Asha's spirit.  However, I'm still sick of the whole "she isn't sexy enough thing."  She wasn't supposed to be sexy.  That is not her purpose.  Asha is not Cersei or Sansa, she's a tough Ironborn girl who has a lottttt to prove.  Who cares whether or not she is sexy?  Plenty of people don't even think Loras is attractive, yet he is supposed to be one of the most beautiful people in all of Westeros, and no one is making a fuss of that.  Asha is not even supposed to be beautiful and she is getting all of this flack.  Should they just automatically make all women in the show beautiful?
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 02:58 AM.
340	Morrigan	2012-04-16	Too hot to be Damphair but not hot enough to be Euron? Ha ha ouuuch, is the Damphair supposed to be extremely unattractive? I definitely missed that.Errrr whaaa? He's not supposed to be Euron. Euron is lost at sea, MIA, and only returns mysteriously much later on. WTF is this talk of Euron coming from? And no, Damphair isn't supposed to be good-looking, which was the point of my comment...This post is just really baffling.The actress would do a lot better as Asha if they would just have her smirk and smile a bit.  I always imagined her teasing and fiery attitude done with a lot of smiles and smirks, and they seem kind of lacking here.  She doesn't have Asha's spirit.  However, I'm still sick of the whole "she isn't sexy enough thing."  She wasn't supposed to be sexy.  That is not her purpose.  Asha is not Cersei or Sansa, she's a tough Ironborn girl who has a lottttt to prove.  Who cares whether or not she is sexy?  Plenty of people don't even think Loras is attractive, yet he is supposed to be one of the most beautiful people in all of Westeros, and no one is making a fuss of that.  Asha is not even supposed to be beautiful and she is getting all of this flack.  Should they just automatically make all women in the show beautiful?So true.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 April 2012 - 03:00 AM.
341	teemo	2012-04-16	Maybe someone got the names mixed up.
342	MMOWarrior	2012-04-16	IMSHAETHEFUNNYWHORE: (sticks fingers in ears)â<U+0080><U+009D>What?  Is She still talking?  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry but when sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on the screen, I stick my fingers in my ears and start singing to myself because sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s literally harmful to my mental health.  LALALALALAâ<U+0080>¦ Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not listening to her!!!!  (looks up) Oh thank God sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone, whew!  Only like 4 minutes of wasted time. â<U+0080>¦ Oh good a scene with Sansa; a character that does not make me what to envision a universe that does not so closely resemble Hell.  AH AH AH!! Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s BACK!  Fuck!  They snuck her in!  (Sticks fingers in ears).  Why is she still here!â<U+0080><U+009D>Rockroi I think your review of this episode is spot on and exactly how I took it all as well..   but especially this bit about SHAETHEFUNNYWHORE..  I can not stand this TV version of Shae..  I really think the next time she says shaethefunnywhore someone should skewer her and roast her over a pit of hot coals... Tyrion deserves so much better!
343	teemo	2012-04-16	She is Shae the uber annoying whore.  I never want to hear that again.  I seriously just hate this character.  Not to mention, her acting is just HORRENDOUS.  Seriously...she is bad.
344	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	Great episode all in all.Good:The scene with Theon/Balon, Alfie Allen is rocking Theon Greyjoy and the guy who plays Balon is awesome. The jury is still out on AshaTyrion scheming in Kings Landing, although I did miss the "Dolf fathered warriors, not barbers"Catelyn Stark showing Renly and Loras whoÂ´s boss, Michelle Fairley owned those scenes.Brienne looks really awesome, canÂ´t wait for her to get more screentime with JaimeFirst glimpse we saw of Natalie Dormer and I canÂ´t wait to see more, sheÂ´s a really great actress and here she shows Margaery as the true heir to the Queen of ThornsThe Loras/Renly scene was great, Loras with both his body and his pride suffering from severe bruisesAryas scenes were different from the book but they still worked imo, I liked that they included Ser Amory Lorch in the story, I wasnÂ´t aware that heÂ´d be includedThe Bran/Luwin scene was good, I think theyÂ´ve found a smart way to deal with the whole wolf dream / warging bit (and they get credit for mentioning giants and the CotF)Finally, Conleth Hill makes a really good VarysNot so good:Everything North of the Wall, I thought that last episodes cliffhanger was really silly, why the hell would Craster head out into the woods with a kid when he had 300 NW as guests. He couldÂ´ve waited 2 days and heÂ´d be free to sacrifice whatever he wanted. And Kit Harrington is looking really emo in every scene he does, he has the same facial expression 95% of the time.Any scene that featured Shae, bad acting, annoying weird accent, need I say more?
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 16 April 2012 - 03:33 AM.
345	teemo	2012-04-16	Everything North of the Wall, I thought that last episodes cliffhanger was really silly, why the hell would Craster head out into the woods with a kid when he had 300 NW as guests. He couldÂ´ve waited 2 days and heÂ´d be free to sacrifice whatever he wanted. And Kit Harrington is looking really emo in every scene he does, he has the same facial expression 95% of the time.Any scene that featured Shae, bad acting, annoying weird accent, need I say more?I'm not impressed with the NW scenes so far yet, either.  It doesn't make any sense for Craster to be doing that with 300 NW men there.  And I did notice that Kit Harrington rarely changes his facial expression.  But that's also kind of a Stark quality.  Well, I had the impression that it was.  They don't show wear their emotions a lot.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 03:35 AM.
346	Shienberg	2012-04-16	Without a doubt the best episode of the season so far... and I think it will only get better.
When I first started reading Theon chapters in ACOK I had to go back and remind myself who he was. Then by the time we get through ADWD his arc is one of my favorites (same with Jamie, I love the way GRRM can shift your opinion of characters). I am loving Theon in the show! I think the non book audience will have a hard time hating him because they have grown to sympathize with him. However it all depends on how long they are led to believe that Bran and Rickon are dead. You think they could leave that as a season cliffhanger. That would be cruel however I think it unlikely.
Speaking of Bran I LOVE they way they are handling the Bran/Summer warging. However I still don't see how they will handle his story line without the Reeds. If Osha goes with Bran then who goes with Rickon? Also the Reeds are the ones who teach Bran about the Children of the forest. And of course if we don't get the Reed children will that mean no Howland (assuming Howland will be written into the story at some point)? Is there any hope that there will be Reeds?
Brienne! Awesome! Can't wait for her and Jamie's journey.
Sansa's story on the show is one I find much more interesting than in the book. The actress does a great job of making you care about the horrible situation she is in. And she hasn't even been forced to marry a dwarf yet.
I don't love Shae but she doesn't really bother me either. For those that hate her it will just be that much more satisfying when Tyrion chokes her out.
And as great as everything else was Tyrion and Ayra still own this story. Im concerned for the later books when Arya's chapters get so few and far between. But that's a ways away. Can't wait for Arya and the Hound. I also enjoyed the scene with Arya and Yoren although I do prefer the book where Arya makes up her murderous prayer on her own, but it was a cool moment and worked for TV. Now when she starts listing names as she goes to bed the audience won't need an explanation.
And Tyrion.... I see more awards in Peter Dinklage's future. Sniffing out Pycell, cutting off the beard and Shagga with an Axe.
Oh and I almost forgot, I agree with those who enjoyed seeing the kinder gentler side of Lannister children. Especially Tommen. Bring on Ser Pounce!
347	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	I'm not impressed with the NW scenes so far yet, either.  It doesn't make any sense for Craster to be doing that with 300 NW men there.  And I did notice that Kit Harrington rarely changes his facial expression.  But that's also kind of a Stark quality.  Well, I had the impression that it was.  They don't show wear their emotions a lot.You are probably right about the Starks not showing emotions. LetÂ´s hope that he doesnÂ´t keep that troubled/tormented look when heÂ´s under the furs with Ygritte. Or if that doesnÂ´t work, maybe Tormund can cheer him up in season 3 or 4
348	teemo	2012-04-16	You are probably right about the Starks not showing emotions. LetÂ´s hope that he doesnÂ´t keep that troubled/tormented look when heÂ´s under the furs with Ygritte. He probably will.  Maybe worse than usual.  He was so conflicted and guilty about that.  He did enjoy it a lot though and couldn't stop, so maybe we'll see a less tormented Jon for at least a minute or two.
349	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	He probably will.  Maybe worse than usual.  He was so conflicted and guilty about that.  He did enjoy it a lot though and couldn't stop, so maybe we'll see a less tormented Jon for at least a minute or two.LetÂ´s hope so, imagine having sex with someone who keeps that tormented facial expression on the whole time
350	teemo	2012-04-16	LetÂ´s hope so, imagine having sex with someone who keeps that tormented facial expression on the whole timeHah.  Sounds like Stannis.
351	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	Hah.  Sounds like Stannis.Omg, omg! I think youÂ´ve discovered the truth about Jon Snow. HeÂ´s not the son of Rhaegar and Lyanna, heÂ´s the son of Stannis Baratheon. I can imagine that Stannis gave Jon to Lyanna Stark for safe keeping since he didnÂ´t think that a fortress during a siege was the best place to have a baby. Lyanna headed to the ToJ where Ned eventually found her and thought that the kid was hers, Stannis suffered from amnesia from feeding on rats and insects for a year and forgot he had the kid in the first place. Quick, do a reread of ASoIaF and look for mentions of Jon grinding his teeth!
352	salt	2012-04-16	*Ygritte takes off her furs, Jon stares with a tormented expression, then runs away*
"Lord Commander, I saw it.  I saw...something."
"Whatever it was, I daresay you'll see it again."
					
					
							Edited by salt, 16 April 2012 - 04:03 AM.
353	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	*Yrgitte takes off her furs, Jon stares with a tormented expression, then runs away*"Lord Commander, I saw it.  I saw...something.""Whatever it was, I daresay you'll see it again." /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />    HaHaHaHa!!!
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 16 April 2012 - 04:04 AM.
354	teemo	2012-04-16	Omg, omg! I think youÂ´ve discovered the truth about Jon Snow. HeÂ´s not the son of Rhaegar and Lyanna, heÂ´s the son of Stannis Baratheon. I can imagine that Stannis gave Jon to Lyanna Stark for safe keeping since he didnÂ´t think that a fortress during a siege was the best place to have a baby. Lyanna headed to the ToJ where Ned eventually found her and thought that the kid was hers, Stannis suffered from amnesia from feeding on rats and insects for a year and forgot he had the kid in the first place. Quick, do a reread of ASoIaF and look for mentions of Jon grinding his teeth!Hey, I love crackpot theories...I think you may have swayed me /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  They sure act like they could be father and son at times.  And I can tell how much Stannis respects Jon, kind of like Davos.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 04:05 AM.
355	sennahoj	2012-04-16	I love how they kept in Tyrion's plot to test the loyalty of the council members, although I don't quite understand why they changed it from offering Tommen as a ward to Dorne to offering Myrcella to Theon in marriage. In my opinion that doesn't make the plan any easier to understand.
I liked how they tightened up the Arya storyline. Although of course some details are lost, that was very well done, and all the major points are there (Lommy and Yoren dead, Jaqen saved, Gendry and Arya caught). It was a very nice touch to add Yoren's backstory, and it set up Arya's future habit of reciting all the people she wants dead as a kind of prayer.
356	teemo	2012-04-16	I love how they kept in Tyrion's plot to test the loyalty of the council members, although I don't quite understand why they changed it from offering Tommen as a ward to Dorne to offering Myrcella to Theon in marriage. In my opinion that doesn't make the plan any easier to understand.I liked how they tightened up the Arya storyline. Although of course some details are lost, that was very well done, and all the major points are there (Lommy and Yoren dead, Jaqen saved, Gendry and Arya caught). It was a very nice touch to add Yoren's backstory, and it set up Arya's future habit of reciting all the people she wants dead as a kind of prayer.If anything, that change in who to send where may have made things more confusing.  Now some people think that Tyrion has some kind of connection with Theon.  I thought the scene with Arya was done well too, even though it had to be on major fast-forward.  I agree - the way they tied in Yoren's story and Arya getting the idea to say her special prayers was great for television.  Although I was surprised how they were openly talking about Cersei and Ned and everything like that in front of a ton of people.  Who knows if they were all asleep?
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 04:14 AM.
357	ace	2012-04-16	I think it's fair to say that season 2 has now really started. After 2 pretty weak episodes we get a really good one. Except Daenerys all the characters got some useful screen time. And it's not like Dany is doing very much just now.
Brienne is HUGE! That scene with her and Catelyn really showed it. Maybe not quite as ugly as expected, but then her ugliness is so often pointed out in the books I half expected something so hideous I might throw up. It still bothers me that Asha might actually be less attractive than Brienne.
Speaking of Asha I thought the Iron Men scenes were really good in general but she just doesn't have that swagger that Book Asha has. I really can't see that the Iron men and her father are supposed to see in her, She looks more old leather than iron. There were also unneccesary changes to the plan for attack on Winterfell. It would be much less believable that Theon could both stage a feint attack and take Winterfell with the crew of a single ship.
I thought Renly's sex scene was well made for a change and didn't feel gratuitous and pointless as they usually do on this show.
Arya's scenes were as good as can be expected given budget constraints (can't have too many castle battles) but it was shortened and where is the Mountain? 
It's obvious by now that the Reeds have been replaced by Osha and Lewin. That's the one change in the show that most bothers me. I really liked the Reeds. Might need to kill Rickon now so that Osha goes with Bran. I also can't really figure out how Osha will replace Jojen's green dreams.
Tyrion's scenes were very good as usual and I thought Jon's scenes were the weakest in the episode. That revelation we saw in the last episode is basically brushed aside and everything goes on as planned.
Best part of the episode? NO Ros.
358	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-16	My prediction for the future is that they are going to get rid of the Edric Storm/Storm End's hold out  plot point.  Davos will be delivering Melisandre for the Renly assassination.
359	teemo	2012-04-16	I think it's fair to say that season 2 has now really started. After 2 pretty weak episodes we get a really good one. Except Daenerys all the characters got some useful screen time. And it's not like Dany is doing very much just now.Arya's scenes were as good as can be expected given budget constraints (can't have too many castle battles) but it was shortened and where is the Mountain?Best part of the episode? NO Ros.I wonder what the Unsullied are thinking about the lack of Dany?  I think some people are going to be infuriated when they realize they're favorite awesome character with the cool dragons is not going to do anything.  The Mountain should be in the next episode.  I hope.  No Mountain would be stupid.  And it looked like the Tickler was choosing someone in next weeks episode.  Anyone catch that?  And yes, NO ROS!!
360	Serc	2012-04-16	ARYA. I love you. You are the best character in the books AND you get awesome new parts in the show that make you even BETTER. Not like Littlefinger! I require more of you.
Oh, and the speed at which she gave Jaqen and co. the axe was badly done to me! She's scared of the people in there. Quick thinking and tons of stress, but still!
361	ace	2012-04-16	I wonder what the Unsullied are thinking about the lack of Dany?  I think some people are going to be infuriated when they realize they're favorite awesome character with the cool dragons is not going to do anything.  I wouldn't worry about that. Given the preferred clothing style for women in Qarth I'm actually more worried that they'll spend more time with Dany than necessary. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
362	teemo	2012-04-16	Nope, they're not baring any breasts in Qarth.  Sorry to break it to you :\
363	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-16	I think they said there would be no one boobed dresses.
364	Auska	2012-04-16	Seems I'm in the minority, but I quite like Renly in the show. For me, the book Renly wasâ<U+0080>¦forgettable. I also like that Theon is a bit less extreme.Yara's just not doing it for me, she projects neither the charisma nor the strength that I think is needed.Edit: I think Shae's main fault in the show is that we've not been shown any reason why Tyrion keeps her around recently. In the books she was, by and large, quite attentive and good company excepting that one time when she was demanding jewelry or something.Edit2: Also, extremely glad they're cutting down on Arya's wanderings. As much as I like her, it took a looooong time for her to get anywhere, most of it pointless.
					
					
							Edited by Auska, 16 April 2012 - 05:26 AM.
365	ace	2012-04-16	I guess I'm not up to date with all the info. It's surprising given the general tendencies of the show so far.
					
					
							Edited by ace, 16 April 2012 - 05:09 AM.
366	Spidey	2012-04-16	Yoren to Arya: "I watched my brother get stabbed right through the heart."
I see what you did there, D&D. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
367	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Was I the only one who cheered when Pycelle's whore WASN'T Ros? HBO actually skipped an opportunity to include her, which made me feel a little better about the future.
368	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-16	Did Summer seems smaller (normal size) than Grey' and Ghost have appeared? Not a huge issue but when I saw the face was really hoping to see them pan back to a behemoth on Brans bed and she looked normal size.
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 16 April 2012 - 05:32 AM.
369	Arkash	2012-04-16	Well, dont have time to read all the nineteen pages, so I'll just say what stands out for me in this episode, and from what I saw, I am not the only one:
Theon's storyline is just amazing ! The scenes at Pyke are just amazing ! The music theme for the Iron Island / Greyjoys is purely amazing, the actings of all the actors are perfect, the lights, the scenics, the dialogs... just perfect, everyting !
Otherwise, yeah, loved the Tyrion marriages proposals, as I did in the books, and glad to see the Martells arent cut from the show! 
Loved the dinner scene with Myrcella, Tommen, Cersei and Sansa.
Really liked the Stormlands scene, even if I would have reduce the time accorded to Renly, Loras and Margaery in the tents, but I guess we need to see them well now, since I dont think we will see them again after episode 4 until season 3... well, at least for two of them! ^^
And then, there is Arya: great choices when it comes to modify the novels: guess cuting the roaming through the Riverlands is a great choice: passing Lommy as Gendry was a clever choice, and glad to see Armory Lorch... and Yoren's death was amazing!
Glad they cut some characters from the episode: Red Waste, Dragonstone and, in a way, North of the Wall, so they could have focused more on other storylines. It's a mistake to want to show all the characters in an episode, hope they will keep this way for the rest of the show!
370	sennahoj	2012-04-16	It was also nice to see they kept a lot of Bran and Maester Luwin's talk about dreams and magic. That's a detail I wouldn't have expected to make it into the series.
371	TheEvilKing	2012-04-16	Quick thoughts before I read others' opinions on this ep.
Easily the best episode of season 3 so far for me. It was almost note perfect, maybe the fight at the end was a little underwhelming. It had so many great emotional moments - Mormont with Jon Snow, Theon burning the letter, the whole scene with Balon and Theon, Sansa, Ayra's chat with Yoren, Cersei's scene with Tyrion. Speaking of Tyrion, I think this was his best ep yet. The way he dealt with the councillors was dealt with amusingly and cleverly without being too complex for the casual viewer to follow.
Good to see Renly & co. I love Natalie Dormer. Cracked up when she started talking about bringing her brother in. "Or you can turn me over, pretend I'm him". Also, Brienne was pretty spot on (and looked hella rank which is correct). Also loved Cat's facial expressions during her palaver with Renly. I prefer show-Cat to book-Cat.
Best scene: Theon's baptism. When the priest says "...but rises again, harder and stronger" I had goosebumps.
372	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-04-16	I thought Episode 3 was the best episode yet this season. I think Bryan Cogman does some of the best scripts for the show; you really get a feel for his love of the books in those episodes.
On the downsides, I wish Pycelle would've been naked and urinating as in the book, but I can understand why they didn't! But without it, I thought the scene felt a little flat. In the episode, it's a good sequence, but it's one of the funniest bits of the book. I agree with those who say Yara doesn't have any of Asha's charisma. And Aidan Gillen's voice continues to be raspy  and strangely worded? Did something happen to him in the last year? Has he been ill?
On the upsides, Tyrion's three deceptions was excellent, as I expected it to be. I was rolling my eyes at some of the Tyrion/Shae argument, but it led to the wonderful Sansa/Shae scene, which I grew to love in its comical bizarreness and then even more when it changes and Sansa suddenly broke down at the end. I don't recall it in the book (if it was, I don't remember it happening like this), so it's probably my favorite original scene of the show just in its uniqueness of tone. Gods, there were so much good stuff in this one. Maester Luwin's scene, Brienne of Tarth (!!!), what started out as an HBO Sex Scene â<U+0084>c with Margaery but turned into an actually brilliant scene with a Queen of Thorns in training, Theon burning the letter and being drowned by who looks to be Damphair (!!!), Yoren's monologue which is great in its own right and foreshadowing one of the most iconic aspects of Arya's character, the final attack, which was generally well done although I very, very much missed "WINTERFELL!" "HOT PIE!"...
After having mixed feelings to some aspects in the first two, I loved this a whole lot more.
One other question: why was Dragonstone (which isn't in the episode) in the opening credits and not the Stormlands (which is)? Not a big deal, but the locations usually match with where it takes place, so that's just a tad bit disappointing too.
					
					
							Edited by Nagisa Furukawa, 16 April 2012 - 06:05 AM.
373	Rockroi	2012-04-16	A Few More Points:On the Sex Scene:I know a few people lost their poop over watching (as opposed to hearing) two men smooch and I can understand that there are people in the world who don't want to see that sort of thing (I can do without it myself).  But, on the "Game of Thrones Gratoitious Sex Scene Meter (with 10 being the LIttlefinger "he's just .... so ... .good!" scene and 0 being "Any Scene with Varys"), watching Loras and Renly play kissy-face was probably a 1.5, and I am being liberal.  Look, people in this universe have sex.  And the women are hot (why make a universe that was not like this?  What a waste) and the men built like junior-league Atlases.  Hence, straight people have sex.  So, if straight people are "knocking boots" then why not gay men?And also? Unlike other sex scenes this added a huge layer to the story; most notably that Loras- who loves Renly (we think) - is playing the Game.  And he wants it for his family and his sister.  He is willing to cock-tease Renly and get cock-blocked by his own sister in order to see this all fulfilled.  That is a hugely compelling story line.  Its then brought deeper by Lady McBeth/Margaery Tyrell and her quest to be the hottest power-hungry woman in Westeros (field is still open and awaiting the arrival of a smoking hot blonde and her three dragons).  That's legit story-telling right there. Here's the funny part- what is more cringe worthy: watching two men make out and clearly enjoy one another or waching Renly try to fake interest in his wife?  Renly's wooden recieving of Margery was far more "Ugh... that's rough to watch" than anything Loras was doing to him.This is not to say that Loras and Renly does not avoid "Ik-ville."  I mean ... shaving him?  Really?  And in both straight and gay scenes if I have to hear another man's cock get sucked and the slurping- is she sucking his dick or is somebody cleaning pudding out of the bottom of a purse?  Just gross.  But... but that's my problem, I'll deal with it.  Let's continue...Apparently two men kissing for 10 seconds with their clothes on freaks people out but 5 minutes of seeing women writhing all over each other completely naked is A. Ok....Except, of course, that very few people were okay with it.  The scene you refer to is the "He's Just So ... Good" scene and its the cornerstone of the "I Like Boobs But Come on Guys, This Is Pretty Silly" camp.  Its one of the most reviled scenes in the series and with compelling reasons (I was okay with it because I thought it artistically drew LF out).See, I find that whenever we talk about certain issues there is a "Richteous Indignation" quotient and I think its over-the-top.  Sure, the guy who kept calling it "homoism" (what are you, twelve?) is lame.  But does that mean we all have to just describe how anyone who has any problem with anything immediately gets a label and then everyone else must bend over backwards (haha... excuse me, sorry; I'm twelve) to show just how open and "awesomly" richeous they are in areas?Just seems forced to me.On the Death of YorenI am of two minds on this subject.  For one, as stated above, I thought Yoren was tremendous.  At the same time, I felt that th estory is missing a major element, namely that when you die, its not always on a "Blaze of Glory."  So far we have had AT LEAST two characters die while taking out half of the Lannister Household in the process- Syrio (and he's dead, folks) and now Yoren both die while doing their best impersonation of Jackie Chan if he were a sword fighter.  Slashing and killing and being, well, amazing.But that's not the trope of GoT and ASoIaF.  In Martin's universe the hero does not die on a blaze of glory.  Sometimes he is killed by a flux; sometimes its when his horse falls and crushes his leg under him; soemtimes he dies before getting his sword out.  But with "Arya's Teachers" they always seem to die right after unleashing a can of whop-ass on others.  And that rings hollow to me.  I know why they are doing it but I cannot say is as emotionally interesting and complex as finding Yoren after the battle and just knowing that he's dead.I think that death, sometimes, is a lot more like Jory's than it is Yoren's.  Sometimes?  Sometimes a fucking asshole stabs you in the eye.  And you're dead.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 16 April 2012 - 06:10 AM.
374	TheEvilKing	2012-04-16	It was also nice to see they kept a lot of Bran and Maester Luwin's talk about dreams and magic. That's a detail I wouldn't have expected to make it into the series.Forgot to mention this scene but yes, it was really good. I'm glad they've keeping some focus on Bran - he's been in more eps than Robb so far this season - while managing to keep it interesting despite the lack of stuff currently going on at Winterfell. Tremendous job on the warging.
375	Ran	2012-04-16	They only show set locations, like castles and cities and such, generally speaking. That's why there was never a Red Waste shot as well. Renly's camp is on the coast of the stormlands, apparently near but not actually Storm's End. So that's why it's not shown. I guess Dragonstone... well, I guess they figure it wasn't necessary to remove it. It may be a sign that originally they had intended to have a scene with Stannis there, though, which they dropped.
	Spoiler His presence in episode 4 is very abrupt and entirely unheralded, I should say, so I suppose that's the likeliest explanation: they did some sort of scene to set up Stannis's presence for episode 4, but didn't like it or it didn't work or they decided it wasn't necessary and dropped it.
376	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-16	Natalie Dormer is spectacular.  She was amazing in the Tudors.  She exemplifies the Tyrell quest for power.  It shows her love for her family as a whole and her brother in particular.  As smart as she is (thanks to the Queen of Thorns) I always suspected that she knew about Renly and Loras but was content to play her role.
However, this version of Renly is all wrong.  He shows no signs of manliness as opposed to the books.  Aside from his sexual proclivity the book portrays him as Robert come again.  I think book Renly would have found himself capable of doing the deed.
Theon is being handled beautifully.
377	boojam	2012-04-16	I have to say that the budget restraints sometimes bother me.  I liked the scene between Yoren and Arya  but I woiuld have liked that they showed that the men fought the Lannisters plus Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie kind of shine in that moment.Yeah I noted that on the other thread. I think the money budget could have handled it, after all it's not even a mini Blackwater. Seemed it was the 'time squeeze' that got it. I can think of a couple of scenes at KL  shortened or eliminated would have given them more time at the battle at the holdfast.Wise contraction there, clever deflection of the Gendry problem!The whole trek and capture after the fight gone, straight to Harrenhal now.Weasel gone, just a well, I guess Arya can pick up that name naturally anyway.Kind of missed the harrowing suspense and bravery of Arya in the freeing of Jaqen H'ghar... and time crunch of fitting everything into 10 episodes. Beginning to wonder how much of CoK will be pushed into season 3?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2012 - 06:12 AM.
378	Spidey	2012-04-16	But with "Arya's Teachers" they always seem to die right after unleashing a can of whop-ass on others.  And that rings hollow to me.  I know why they are doing it but I cannot say is as emotionally interesting and complex as finding Yoren after the battle and just knowing that he's dead.The way i remember that moment from the books, Arya finds Yoren's corpse with quite a few dead Lannister soldiers sprawled out around him. They didn't make this up for the show.
379	Ran	2012-04-16	Re: Yoren,
In the novel he did kind of go out in a blaze of glory -- there's four dead Lannister men-at-arms heaped about his body, and Arya wonders how many more were needed to kill him.
Francis Magee will be missed. He was fantastic as Yoren.
380	boojam	2012-04-16	But that's not the trope of GoT and ASoIaF.  In Martin's universe the hero does not die on a blaze of glory.  Sometimes he is killed by a flux; sometimes its when his horse falls and crushes his leg under him; soemtimes he dies before getting his sword out.  But with "Arya's Teachers" they always seem to die right after unleashing a can of whop-ass on others.  And that rings hollow to me.  I know why they are doing it but I cannot say is as emotionally interesting and complex as finding Yoren after the battle and just knowing that he's dead.I think that death, sometimes, is a lot more like Jory's than it is Yoren's.  Sometimes?  Sometimes a fucking asshole stabs you in the eye.  And you're dead.Yeah I like George's version better. He dies off screen... but only after the battle is elaborated. Like I have said I don't think it's budget problems, just time problems. That contraction in E3 seemed rushed and well a bit awkward, not that it didn't work. Wonder what non readers are going to think, just where did Jaqen and his buddies go? O well their appearance at Harrenhal later in the book didn't ever seemed explained to my satisfaction.
381	DannySpud	2012-04-16	Arya's changes were mostly awesome, I loved that we actually saw Yoren's epic end. I would have preferred Arya to have just thrown the axe to them and actually killed a couple of people, and wasn't this the battle that featured Hot Pie's "HOT PIE!"?
382	boojam	2012-04-16	Is Gemma Whelan ever going to get more than about 6 lines to say?
She has to do it mostly through facial expression.
As I have noted her resemblance  to Patrick Malahide (as a daughter) is more marked than I have noticed before.
As of right now why does Balon get all the best dialog? 
Maybe Gemma and Alfie will get a longer conversation later?
I noticed in Gemma's facial inflection last night , as if , under the surface she had some concern for her brother.
O wait! Who the hell was the dude over there of the left of Balon and Asha during the 'water' ceremony?
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2012 - 06:35 AM.
383	legba11	2012-04-16	To add to what I loved in this episode.  Arya sharpening her sword to help relax.  Just like dad and her favorite half-brother.
384	mrnegativity	2012-04-16	Awesome post re: Loras and Renly, Mr. Rockroi. Completely agree that it was more painful to watch Renly's inability to be aroused by his hot, hot wife than to watch him passionately kiss his main dude. For an HBO 'sex scene' the whole thing in the tent was handled very well. Get over the gayness people!
I disagree re: Yoren, though.
Aside from the fact that he is a badass (and the books support this), there are plenty of characters who have died less-than-heroic deaths in the TV series. For example - you mention Jory, arguably Ned, poor old Lemmy, the squire that fought Gregor, etc. - all died quick, brutal, and arbitrary deaths.
Moreover, there _will be_ plenty more quick, brutal, and arbitrary deaths. Surely we're allowed a few heroic exits here and there! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
385	Kaitscralt	2012-04-16	I loved this episode so much. Really great. Might end up going down as one of my favorites of the entire series when all is said and done.
Here are my only three nitpicks:
1) I love Peter's Tyrion and his scenes are always among the episodes best. But I wouldn't have minded seeing one other story arc instead of so much Tyrion.
2) Alfie's Theon plaed into the slap a bit strong. He, like, flew across the room as if the Incredible Hulk had struck him. But his father is a scary guy, and maybe just is -that- strong.
3) The ending shot of the bull helmet was a bit anti-climatic after seeing the kid run off with it five minutes earlier and then die. That kid doesn't exactly look like a blacksmiths apprentice either, but nobody said the Lannister men-at-arms were smart.
386	David Selig	2012-04-16	Really good episode. I really liked most of it - Brienne is spot on, the way Renly and Margaery are developed is really interesting and well presented, Theon's standing up to his father and asking him why he got the blame for Balon's failure was something I've wondered a few times why he didn't do in the books and was done very well. Tyrion's scenes were excellent, some of the best Dinklage moments yet, the way he said "Make do" to Shagga about the goat was awesome. Michelle Fairley was impressive as always. Memorable ending too, I'd sure miss Yoren a lot.
The only thing I didn't like was the Sansa - Shae scene, it felt pointless and Sansa was a bit too petulant.
 I am really interested how the idea of getting LF involved into Jaime's release will develop. It has the potential to be either really good but a lot of things can go wrong if the writers are not careful. Another meeting between LF and Cat is certainly something I'd love to see, there's so much potential for good drama there.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 16 April 2012 - 06:54 AM.
387	boojam	2012-04-16	I agree with you. I'm a woman but that was one of my complaints. However I could have ignored her look (Like I ignore the fact that Theon and Balon look nothing like the books) if she actually played Asha like she's supposed to.  She' funny, witty, and has a great deal of charisma.  Gemma is just....bleh.As I have said before , except for initial descriptions, George is inconsistent in character physical descriptions.First he says Brienne is as ugly as a mud fence, then throughout ASoS Jamie describes her as homely.To me the important thing about Asha is her Alpha-Female-ness , regardless of appearance. Gemma is a good actress, but I lay it at the feet of , well maybe it's D&D writing, instructions to the directors and teleplay writers as to what her demeanor should be. The can't seem to hit the right groove. Seems they have her shadowing her father too closely when we know her character is that and also her own construct.Maybe when Gemma has more than two lines and 30 seconds on camera we will get to know Asha better.
388	lmanion	2012-04-16	Hodor says Hodor when bran is warging Summer not sure if its the first time this series but cant remember it from the other times he has been in a scene /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
389	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-16	Reeds are cut /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Sorry to break it to you.  It sucks. Booo! No Reeds moving castle, greenspears, or the such? That stinks.
390	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-16	I really liked this episode. Best of the season so far.
I loved Summer's eyes!!!
NO ROS!!! wow what a difference that makes.
One thing that bugs me is Magaery's raised lip on one side. But she is super stunning. 
I really would have liked the rainbow cloak to make an appearance.
By the gods Brienne was tall. Or Cat is really small hehe. Brienne isnt that ugly here. Not as much as in the books.
So much to like about this episode.
391	Tres	2012-04-16	Gregor CleganeAnyone's got info on him if the recast rumours are true?It blows terribly if its so.
392	Howland Reed	2012-04-16	Pros- I thought Theon did a fantastic job, his sister on the other hand is just not how I imagined her, but i'm sure her personality will play out soon enough. Theon is killing it though, I tip my hat to him. When he burned that letter I was like... shit... if only I could tell you what is to come.- Tyrion's Scene with Little Finger/Pycelle/Varys. I thought they made that scene very well.I'm sure there are more, but those two really stood out for me when recalling the episode.Cons- A lot of people hating on Shae. I would have to agree to an extent. Her character just seems a bit different than how I saw her in the book. She seems like a huge biatch in the show, like she runs the place. It wasn't a make or break thing for me.- Renly/Loras/Marg I just did not know how to perceive that whole scene. Seemed a bit strange to me. I see where they are going with it, Marg seems a bit more conniving than I ever expected, but that's just my opinion.All in all, I love the book so much that I appreciate anything even remotely following the story, and honestly I couldn't even fathom making a show out of it, and these guys are doing a great job at it.Also Brienne was casted well, love that character.One last thing. Biter/Rorge don't seem nearly as intimidating as I always thought they were. They seem like normal people where as I always imagined them as these big burly vile cruel m*therf*ckers. Just my take.
					
					
							Edited by Howland Reed, 16 April 2012 - 07:56 AM.
393	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	Best episode of the season so far...a few big things bugged me, a few details I thought they could have done better but most of it knocked the story out of the park.
Meh:
- so in the end Craster knocked Jon out for no apparent reason aside from an artificial cliff hanger.
- Renly has a "Kingsguard", really?  If what we are told is true, there shouldn't have been any problem with keeping it as the Rainbow guard.
- another hamfisted sex scene.  wee.  What bothers me about the series - last year and this year - is that there is almost no subtlety - instead of putting together pieces to figure out things about Marg, we get smacked in
the face with "I'm a PLAYER IN THE GAME!".  I don't blame the actors & actress for that - I think they did a great job with what they were given.  I don't blame them for trying to cut things out to shorten the connection points....but there's nothing to figure out.  I don't care if they brought in a goat for a 4some - we can actually learn things without it being book ended with sex.
- Shae - just not liking how she is being portrayed
yay:
- Brienne, basically everything
- Tyrion - owns each scene he is in.  The transitions from Pycelle to Varys to LF in the Myrcella triangle was perfect.  I may be misremembering, but wasn't the Cersei crying in front of Tyrion scene left out?  That I thought was an important piece to their relationship - competitive, hateful even but truly still family.
- the Jon - Mormont interaction - gave Jon another lesson that leadership isn't what he thinks it always is
- Yoren - I was fine with the change from them being in a small fort (though tactically it made no sense).  Taking the crossbow bolt and then whipping ass was a little much, but it did back up the bravado he showed to the gold cloak.
394	Balintos	2012-04-16	Jon said:
"He's murdering his own children.
He's a monster."
...
"I saw...Something take
that child."
Do you think that he meant by "murdering his own children" that he give them away? Or he saw Craster killing his son and after that he gave his body to the Others?
395	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-16	Other than the gratuitious gay sex scene, it was a great episode.Seriously, I'm starting to wonder if for many people on this forum it would not have been better if Disney had taken up the task of adapting ASOIAF instead of HBO...
396	Arkash	2012-04-16	One other thing I loved during this episode: the character of Raff Sweetling... I think they found the perfect actor for him ! His playing when looking over the injured Lommy Greenhands was amazing!
397	Pliskin	2012-04-16	I was about to cry at the scene with Theon's letter.
It brought back all his arc from ADWD and...
Great episode.
398	Ran	2012-04-16	That's Polliver, not Raff, on the show. Don't think there's a Raff cast.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 16 April 2012 - 07:49 AM.
399	Arkash	2012-04-16	Oops, yes, sorry... you're right. Got confused by the way he sounded so much like Raff with Lommy: almost nice and sweet, but yes, this is Polliver, thanks for the correction!
400	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-16	About Asha/Yara, I thought she was mediocre. Not great, but not terrible. I'm hoping she gets better at the role as the show progresses and begins to really show her charisma and fighting attitude that make her so popular among the Ironborn (and readers/viewers). She smirks and jokes in the show, but it's just way too subtle.I think that the problem might be that we haven't yet seen any scenes with her interacting with her crew/regular ironborn males. If I remember well, In the books, that's how she initially came across to me as a charismatic woman, a leader figure, a woman who commands the respect of her men through her achievements (witty replies to randy jokes, holding her liquor like a Russian peasant and playing potentially crippling games with sharp instruments being counted among those). That said, I'm not entirelly optimistic about the casting, but I'll wait and see...
401	sennahoj	2012-04-16	One thing I forgot to mention was Tyrion getting some "remedy" from Pycelle which I am quite sure is destined for Cersei in the next episode. So while Cersei will be indisposed for parts of episode 4, that gives Tyrion the opportunity to start putting into place his defense plans for King's Landing without her interference. At least I am hoping to see some wildfire and the chain links too.
402	Arataniello	2012-04-16	Some disconnected thoughts.LF's accent - definitely heard a Welsh lilt this week, when he was talking to Tyrion.  Perhaps the producers want to start making it more obvious that he is originally from the Vale (the rider who met Catelyn in the Vale in season one had a definite Welsh accent).Before the start of the season I said how much I was looking forward to Arya's story arc.  Unfortunately, huge chunks of that arc have been eviscerated from the TV series.  It's a pity.  Based on the very end of last night's episode, I assume there will be no torturing by the Tickler and co - how else is Gendry's identity going to remain hidden, after Arry claimed that Lommy was Gendry.Brienne - not as ugly as in the books, but really good choice of actress for the role.Did anyone read the entirety of the letter that Theon wrote to Robb, but then burned? - OK, I see a seaprate thread on this.Edited for - missing word that completely changes meaning of second paragraph.
					
					
							Edited by Arataniello, 16 April 2012 - 08:24 AM.
403	Conchobar	2012-04-16	Pros- I thought Theon did a fantastic job, his sister on the other hand is just not how I imagined her, but i'm sure her personality will play out soon enough. Theon is killing it though, I tip my hat to him. When he burned that letter I was like... shit... if only I could tell you what is to come.- Tyrion's Scene with Little Finger/Pycelle/Varys. I thought they made that scene very well.I'm sure there are more, but those two really stood out for me when recalling the episode.Cons- A lot of people hating on Shae. I would have to agree to an extent. Her character just seems a bit different than how I saw her in the book. She seems like a huge biatch in the show, like she runs the place. It wasn't a make or break thing for me.- Renly/Loras/Marg I just did not know how to perceive that whole scene. Seemed a bit strange to me. I see where they are going with it, Marg seems a bit more conniving than I ever expected, but that's just my opinion.All in all, I love the book so much that I appreciate anything even remotely following the story, and honestly I couldn't even fathom making a show out of it, and these guys are doing a great job at it.Also Brienne was casted well, love that character.One last thing. Biter/Rorge don't seem nearly as intimidating as I always thought they were. They seem like normal people where as I always imagined them as these big burly vile cruel m*therf*ckers. Just my take.Thing about it is, that is all based on individual perception of each character. For instance, Jaime found Brienne not as bad looking as otther people, POV's did not see the Loras, Marg, Renly scene. We would have only seen Marg's court face.
404	Howland Reed	2012-04-16	Thing about it is, that is all based on individual perception of each character. For instance, Jaime found Brienne not as bad looking as otther people, POV's did not see the Loras, Marg, Renly scene. We would have only seen Marg's court face.I agree completely.  I guess I just saw things differently in my head.
405	Conchobar	2012-04-16	Also I doubt many people have mentioned it, but the soundtrack playing in this episode...gave me goosebumps, especially in the stormland scene. Absolutely beautiful.
All I can say is, well done to everyone involved in this series, you are making us fans and I am sure, george, proud. Fucking brilliant.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 16 April 2012 - 08:30 AM.
406	Chelly	2012-04-16	Another awesome episode. This was better than the last two. First thing I want to say
Theon and Balon were amazing in this episode! The scene when Balon smacks Theon was soooooo good. Both actors really brought it. Theon confessing his feelings to his father and the look on Balon's face said so many things. I think there might have been a tiny, tiny hint of regret and guilt he might have for his son. I really felt for Theon and he was right to call Balon out. This is one instance where Theon does not deserve to be smacked. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> I just wanted to hug him! /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  Theon's letter burning scene was beautifully shot as was his baptism and the music was so effective. So far I am loving how they are handling Theon's story and I have to praise Alfie Allen for doing one of my top favorite characters justice.
Brienne's entrance was great. I'm glad they kept the fight like in the books. I love the reactions when she took off her helm. The actress is fabulous and she just towers over everybody she stands next to. Perfect. I already love the first little bit of interaction between her and Cat. I can't wait to see their friendship come about.
Arya and Yoren was precious. I'm a little sad they didn't have Arya, Hot Pie, and Gendry fight, but I will get over it.
There's more I have to say, but I don't have time, I got to get ready for work. /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />
407	reek it rhymes with meek	2012-04-16	Better then episode 2 but still not good for me
408	Fredwin	2012-04-16	Was the guy that performed the drowned god consecration, Aeron? He was a badass. I didn't think he was cast this season though.
409	Arataniello	2012-04-16	Was the guy that performed the drowned god consecration, Aeron? He was a badass. I didn't think he was cast this season though.No, they used a generic priest of the Drowned God, so that they can cast Aeron when needed by his POV's appearance later in the series.
410	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-16	I'm not one prone to seeing ____ism wherever I look, but I think people conscious of portrayals of homosexuals would have a pretty solid issue with this show as contrasted with the book.They have simultaneously ratcheted up Renly's gay-ness while completely doing away with his martial skill/bravery etc. and conforming him to a stereotype of, well, homosexuals as 'soft'.It may be entirely coincidental, but I doubt it.I think they reached for easy-to-identify archetypes. And if it was coincidental and no one thought to put 2 and 2 together...wow.I think that is a very good point I haven't seen mentioned in the forum before.
411	Conchobar	2012-04-16	Another awesome episode. This was better than the last two. First thing I want to sayTheon and Balon were amazing in this episode! The scene when Balon smacks Theon was soooooo good. Both actors really brought it. Theon confessing his feelings to his father and the look on Balon's face said so many things. I think there might have been a tiny, tiny hint of regret and guilt he might have for his son. I really felt for Theon and he was right to call Balon out. This is one instance where Theon does not deserve to be smacked. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> I just wanted to hug him! /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  Theon's letter burning scene was beautifully shot as was his baptism and the music was so effective. So far I am loving how they are handling Theon's story and I have to praise Alfie Allen for doing one of my top favorite characters justice.Brienne's entrance was great. I'm glad they kept the fight like in the books. I love the reactions when she took off her helm. The actress is fabulous and she just towers over everybody she stands next to. Perfect. I already love the first little bit of interaction between her and Cat. I can't wait to see their friendship come about.Arya and Yoren was precious. I'm a little sad they didn't have Arya, Hot Pie, and Gendry fight, but I will get over it.There's more I have to say, but I don't have time, I got to get ready for work. /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />In reality they would have been slaughtered just like Lommy if they had put up a fight. Some things wouldn't come across as well on screen, one being Hot Pie and Arya killing fully grow, armoured men.
412	Ran	2012-04-16	The reason people haven't brought up the idea that the show's portrayal of Renly means "gay = soft" is because of Loras, who may be very good looking, but he's also a great jouster, a talented warrior, one of the most valiant knights in the Seven Kingdoms, who reveals that he's worked damned hard to be in that position, and who draws blood to force Renly to look and accept the cost of power.
So "gay=soft" doesn't exist as a stereotype here. There's different kinds of people, that's all, and sexuality doesn't really figure.
413	dtones520	2012-04-16	Some disconnected thoughts. LF's accent - definitely heard a Welsh lilt this week, when he was talking to Tyrion. Perhaps the producers want to start making it more obvious that he is originally from the Vale (the rider who met Catelyn in the Vale in season one had a definite Welsh accent). Before the start of the season I said how much I was looking forward to Arya's story arc. Unfortunately, huge chunks of that arc have been eviscerated from the TV series. It's a pity. Based on the very end of last night's episode, I assume there will be no torturing by the Tickler and co - how else is Gendry's identity going to remain hidden, after Arry claimed that Lommy was Gendry. Brienne - not as ugly as in the books, but really good choice of actress for the role. Did anyone read the entirety of the letter that Theon wrote to Robb, but then burned? - OK, I see a seaprate thread on this. Edited for - missing word that completely changes meaning of second paragraph.They cast the Tickler and a lot of Gregor's crew.  It's just going to happen at Harrenhal as opposed to some random city that Arya and co creep up on. I presume that Gregor will be holding Harrenhal while we wait for Tywin to get there.  While we wait for Tywin, Gregor and co will do their thing.  They kind of show that in the preview for next week.  All we are really losing is Gendry, Arya, Hot Pie and Lommy wandering around for a while before stumbling on Gregor and Co at Maidenpool or wherever.  Which, with the time constraints on TV, I can understand.  Plus they introduce use to Harrenhal earlier.
414	tearloch	2012-04-16	They cast the Tickler and a lot of Gregor's crew. It's just going to happen at Harrenhal as opposed to some random city that Arya and co creep up on. I presume that Gregor will be holding Harrenhal while we wait for Tywin to get there. While we wait for Tywin, Gregor and co will do their thing. They kind of show that in the preview for next week. All we are really losing is Gendry, Arya, Hot Pie and Lommy wandering around for a while before stumbling on Gregor and Co at Maidenpool or wherever. Which, with the time constraints on TV, I can understand. Plus they introduce use to Harrenhal earlier.Or they could torture and pillage on their way to Harrenhall.  This would have the same effect.  Remember, they were not just looking for Gendry.  They were looking for gold.  They were looking for Dondarion and his men.  All of this can still happen, even without them looking for Gendry.
415	unRobert	2012-04-16	No, they used a generic priest of the Drowned God, so that they can cast Aeron when needed by his POV's appearance later in the series.If they're cutting characters (which they need to a lil, at least down the line) I could see Aeron first up. By far the most boring Iron Islander, almost ruined that subplot for me. Anyway, did they recast Loras or did he just put on a lot of mass?
416	Spidey	2012-04-16	No, they used a generic priest of the Drowned God, so that they can cast Aeron when needed by his POV's appearance later in the series.Let's hope they never do.
417	Arkash	2012-04-16	Was the guy that performed the drowned god consecration, Aeron? He was a badass. I didn't think he was cast this season though.I hope we will see this guy again, as really minor character... not as the Damphair cause he's definitly not suited to play the Damphair (except for the voice) who is younger, more skinny, more hairy and with black hair... but I want to see this guy again.
418	Conchobar	2012-04-16	If they're cutting characters (which they need to a lil, at least down the line) I could see Aeron first up. By far the most boring Iron Islander, almost ruined that subplot for me.Anyway, did they recast Loras or did he just put on a lot of mass?Same guy for Loras, but the actor has naturally curly hair.Also I thought they had recast Lommy from first season but apparently just different hair again.
419	Frey Pie	2012-04-16	I liked it over all.I dont mind the renly/loras scene. I wouldnt say i enjoyed it but i can definately see why it deserves a place in the series. When Renly died in the book not many people cared. Now theyre making it so people will. Margaerys pretty hot!! She seems very capable and as someone before said she seems like someone to stand up to Cersei. However i dont know how theyre gunna pull  off her and Tommen. Thats a huge thing for me.
Greyjoys were very good. Added a lot of depth to Theons character.
Briennes perfect. I dont think shes super ugly but i think she does credit to the role. Mountainesque
A lot of tyrion. I imagine the next episode will have less. Great performance form Dinklage again. Nice to see Shagga. Cant imagine what non-bookreaders think of the feed cock to goats line /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Shae just doesnt do it for me. Also alot of Tyrions mileage revolves around their shenanigans of which wev seen nothing so far
420	Vuron	2012-04-16	One of my favorite episodes, so far.
I think they handled the Arya situation the best that they could with the time constraints.  It just makes me sad that we're not going to see Lommy try to yield to everyone all over the 7 kingdoms.
I'm happy with Brienne and am glad they got such a dedicated actress to play the part.  That should end well in upcoming seasons if they keep most of her storyline.
Tyrion was great, as always.
421	wolverine	2012-04-16	Was Margeary Tyrell this politically savvy in the books?  I though she was a little more innocent but in the series she is pretty damn straight forward and intelligent.  I know she has a wicked good conniving grandma but I never got the impression she was in on the Tyrell plotting.  Is she going to become Joff's poisoner?
This episode probably deviated the most from the books so far and I wonder if that won't be a continuing trend.
422	Arkash	2012-04-16	I think they handled the Arya situation the best that they could with the time constraints. It just makes me sad that we're not going to see Lommy try to yield to everyone all over the 7 kingdoms."And what do I do if wolves come ?""Surrender!"Sad we wont get this !
423	Thorny Issues	2012-04-16	Was Margeary Tyrell this politically savvy in the books?  I though she was a little more innocent but in the series she is pretty damn straight forward and intelligent.  I know she has a wicked good conniving grandma but I never got the impression she was in on the Tyrell plotting.  Is she going to become Joff's poisoner?This episode probably deviated the most from the books so far and I wonder if that won't be a continuing trend.A slightly disturbing thought: might they try to eliminate Olenna and make Marg the scheming one? That would be really sad, Olenna is such a brilliant character...
424	Gloria	2012-04-16	Reeds are cut /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Sorry to break it to you.  It sucks.Has this really been confirmed?  Where are you getting your info?  Just curious because they really are two of my favorite characters in the series.  Do you think they'll cut the Bloodraven\Coldhands plot, or just use Osha instead?
425	JayDubya	2012-04-16	She is Shae the uber annoying whore.  I never want to hear that again.  I seriously just hate this character.  Not to mention, her acting is just HORRENDOUS.  Seriously...she is bad.The way I read it, Shae is awkward, angry, humiliated and very stressed in the current situation, and she's acting like it.  In which case, she's perfect!
426	JayDubya	2012-04-16	Although it's obviously somewhat academic at this point, I don't understand why Craster left Jon alive after he saw what he saw.   Seems to me that Craster would have no issue killing Jon in the woods, especially since he took such a dislike to Jon in the previous episodes.
427	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-16	Has this really been confirmed?  Where are you getting your info?  Just curious because they really are two of my favorite characters in the series.  Do you think they'll cut the Bloodraven\Coldhands plot, or just use Osha instead?I assume theyll use Osha and keep Luwin alive longer.  Either that or theyll introduce a Reed in season 3.  They can't cut out Bloodraven and Coldhands otherwise there is no Bran plot at all.
428	Thorny Issues	2012-04-16	Although it's obviously somewhat academic at this point, I don't understand why Craster left Jon alive after he saw what he saw.   Seems to me that Craster would have no issue killing Jon in the woods, especially since he took such a dislike to Jon in the previous episodes.Why would he kill him though? He didn't and (in the show's logic at least) Jon told Mormont everything and nothing changed. Mormont knew (and Craster knew he knew?) Whereas if he killed Jon and was caught doing so, he could expect reprisals.
429	Lord Ben	2012-04-16	Was Margeary Tyrell this politically savvy in the books?  I though she was a little more innocent but in the series she is pretty damn straight forward and intelligent.  I know she has a wicked good conniving grandma but I never got the impression she was in on the Tyrell plotting.  Is she going to become Joff's poisoner?This episode probably deviated the most from the books so far and I wonder if that won't be a continuing trend.We see neither her nor Renly as a POV so it's hard to know for sure.  She's arranged as marriages to a couple different people, doesn't complain much and seems to do her duty without complaint within a family that's pretty scheming.Personally I sort of assumed she was this way but wasn't sure.   Since I think they run things by GRRM to make sure they make sense (hate to write the character one way only to have GRRM go another way in Book 6) it would make sense for that to also be his intent.   We just see it much more blatantly in the TV show.   But much like Renly being gay or Loras saying Margeary is "officially" a virgin there are some things you just can't hint around the fringes at for a few hundred pages and have to just come out and show on TV.
430	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-16	I assume theyll use Osha and keep Luwin alive longer.  Either that or theyll introduce a Reed in season 3.  They can't cut out Bloodraven and Coldhands otherwise there is no Bran plot at all.I think they could easily accomplish this by having Osha and Hodor w/ Bran and Rickon until the Wall/ Coldhands...then have Osha split w/ Rickon to Skagos. After all, Rickon just "disappears" after a while...what would be the harm in having him tag along w/ Bran as an extra while the wander around the North, pre-Wall crossing. Eliminates the Reeds (regrettably) and gives filler for those secondary characters until Coldhands.
431	Francis Buck	2012-04-16	I always had the impression that Margaery was a bit of a shcemer. Certainly not on the level of Olenna, but still more than competent. She easily holds her own against Cersei (which really isn't much, but still). I definitely wouldn't say she's totally "innocent" either, at least in the sense of a pawn being moved around while she's completely oblivious -- she definitley knows what's going on around her, and she knows the role she has to play.
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 16 April 2012 - 10:30 AM.
432	mrnegativity	2012-04-16	^^ agreed. They're just advancing her character development.
In the books Margaery is barely mentioned until she's married to Joffrey.
Gotta say I am wholly in favour of bringing her into the story earlier. I can't see them cutting out Olenna, though - there's no way Margaery could believably carry out the assassination on her own.
433	duncanthemedium	2012-04-16	Also I doubt many people have mentioned it, but the soundtrack playing in this episode...gave me goosebumps, especially in the stormland scene. Absolutely beautiful.All I can say is, well done to everyone involved in this series, you are making us fans and I am sure, george, proud. Fucking brilliant.Wait...did I miss something? Was there a Stormlands scene?!? Weren't Renly's scenes in the Reach?
434	Rockroi	2012-04-16	I'm not one prone to seeing ____ism wherever I look, but I think people conscious of portrayals of homosexuals would have a pretty solid issue with this show as contrasted with the book.They have simultaneously ratcheted up Renly's gay-ness while completely doing away with his martial skill/bravery etc. and conforming him to a stereotype of, well, homosexuals as 'soft'.It may be entirely coincidental, but I doubt it.I think they reached for easy-to-identify archetypes. And if it was coincidental and no one thought to put 2 and 2 together...wow.I think its a little of both.  But if I had to argue about ONE word in this discussion it would be in the connotation that the gay "sex" scenes are in any way  "Gratuitous.â<U+0080><U+009D>For starters I am 100% with you on the change in Renly's character being harder to accept (the guys who do the parody GoT from season 1 have this small add-on where they show the "cool, book Renly" and how he is replaced with "weaker Renly" from the show; it ends with new Renly complaining that he has a "boo-boo.").  This Renly is a baby.  When he needs to turn on the charm and the gravitas he can do it (obviously on display with Cat and his people).  But in private?  He's weak and in way over his head. But I want to stress that from a plot-development POV, its not a bad change at all.  Its far, far more easy to understand how Renly was able to "win" over the Reach now that we know what he is- its because he didn't have anything to do with it!  The Tyrells found their tool and decided to appear like they were hitching their wagon to his star, but in reality Renly is just a passanger here.  The Tyrells are in this and they know it.  Not their problem if Renly hasn't caught up.  I truly love how Maergery Tyrell has developed; she is a fierce player.  And maybe part of the problem is sexism insofar as anytime a man appears weak in the face of a strong woman we sometimes think him effeminine.  That's not fair, though. However, overall Renly's homosexuality has nothing to do with him being weak. But, when you add in Renly's gayness there can be a reaction to resort to the stereotype, and a negative one at that.  And honestly- I liked him better in the book because he was entirely NOT swishy stereotype.  Renly was butch gay.  He was this tough, charismatic endearing guy who had flash and substance.  And he had absoultely no confidence problem.  At all.  Series Renly is not that.  He does seem to exude the sterotype.  But as others have said, Loras certainly does not.  Loras- to turn a phrase -seems far more like (book) Renly than Renly does. I think this Renly works because in this Universe (the series as opposed to the book) his homosexuality is an active part of this story and not some gratoitious add-on.  Its up to the viewer to accept it at face value and not play-out the sterotype because it has nothing to do with this story.  Renly is weak and reaching for more than he can handle because he is a third-born, unproven untested boy who lives in the shadow of his two bad-ass brothers.  And he is being told- by Tyrell after Tyrell -that he is "loved."  And so he rolls the dice.  And he is utterly in over his head. And when you simply look at Renly as a gay man the sex scenes lose their taboo feel.  And once that happens the story comes alive.  Renly has no reason to hide his homosexuality from Maergery- she is fine with it and she is trying to teach him to be fine with it.  He's a King; act like it!  A King can have a man and a woman and another man if he wants.  He's the King. Because in the end this comes down to what Maergery wants.  She wants a King in her stomach.  And Renly being gay has absolutely nothing to do with that. That's why it works.
435	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-16	Although it's obviously somewhat academic at this point, I don't understand why Craster left Jon alive after he saw what he saw.   Seems to me that Craster would have no issue killing Jon in the woods, especially since he took such a dislike to Jon in the previous episodes.After thinking about it I think it would have gone very badly for Craster if he had killed Jon. There is nobody else near his keep so cant blame it on wildlings or Others as any kind of forensics would show its not Others. The Brothers would deny harming Jon.Craster gets away with it because Jon keeps it between himself and Mormont (i think). I cant predict what the brothers would do if Jon told them... unless they also already know and let it happen....It was a scene to show Craster sacrificing his chilns. Although not shown in the books it was in the series just like renley/loras scenes not in books but in tv.
436	duncanthemedium	2012-04-16	^^ agreed. They're just advancing her character development.In the books Margaery is barely mentioned until she's married to Joffrey.Gotta say I am wholly in favour of bringing her into the story earlier. I can't see them cutting out Olenna, though - there's no way Margaery could believably carry out the assassination on her own.Hmmm... I dont know about that. I mean she needn't do it all alone. And it makes more sense to have a Petyr-Dontos-Marge alliance (Dontos being such a sucker for pretty lil things) than including Olena in the mix. I think that is a totally expendable character and D&D'd see it that way too. I mean, the Reeds have been omitted. Damphair has been omitted...what's Olena compared to that?
437	bayrodney	2012-04-16	Overall, loved the episode, I don't think any one scene made me disappointed.
A few subtle things placed in the episode that I loved:
- Margaery Tyrell only 'officially' (the key word here) being a virgin, this leads to her demise later on
- Sansa not wearing her hair the 'southern' way much like she did in season one, showing where her allegiance truly lies (plus her purposely leaving out Joffrey's name when claiming her allegiance to the king)
- Tommen's cuteness and naivety, he holds no remorse towards the north.
- Maester Luwin talking about things that supposedly don't exist anymore, including Dragons, Giants, and the CotF, all of which we see in the future.
Amongst more!
great episode
438	duncanthemedium	2012-04-16	I think its a little of both.  But if I had to argue about ONE word in this discussion it would be in the connotation that the gay "sex" scenes are in any way  "Gratuitous.â<U+0080><U+009D>For starters I am 100% with you on the change in Renly's character being harder to accept (the guys who do the parody GoT from season 1 have this small add-on where they show the "cool, book Renly" and how he is replaced with "weaker Renly" from the show; it ends with new Renly complaining that he has a "boo-boo.").  This Renly is a baby.  When he needs to turn on the charm and the gravitas he can do it (obviously on display with Cat and his people).  But in private?  He's weak and in way over his head.But I want to stress that from a plot-development POV, its not a bad change at all.  Its far, far more easy to understand how Renly was able to "win" over the Reach now that we know what he is- its because he didn't have anything to do with it!  The Tyrells found their tool and decided to appear like they were hitching their wagon to his star, but in reality Renly is just a passanger here.  The Tyrells are in this and they know it.  Not their problem if Renly hasn't caught up.  I truly love how Maergery Tyrell has developed; she is a fierce player.  And maybe part of the problem is sexism insofar as anytime a man appears weak in the face of a strong woman we sometimes think him effeminine.  That's not fair, though. However, overall Renly's homosexuality has nothing to do with him being weak.But, when you add in Renly's gayness there can be a reaction to resort to the stereotype, and a negative one at that.  And honestly- I liked him better in the book because he was entirely NOT swishy stereotype.  Renly was butch gay.  He was this tough, charismatic endearing guy who had flash and substance.  And he had absoultely no confidence problem.  At all.  Series Renly is not that.  He does seem to exude the sterotype.  But as others have said, Loras certainly does not.  Loras- to turn a phrase -seems far more like (book) Renly than Renly does.I think this Renly works because in this Universe (the series as opposed to the book) his homosexuality is an active part of this story and not some gratoitious add-on.  Its up to the viewer to accept it at face value and not play-out the sterotype because it has nothing to do with this story.  Renly is weak and reaching for more than he can handle because he is a third-born, unproven untested boy who lives in the shadow of his two bad-ass brothers.  And he is being told- by Tyrell after Tyrell -that he is "loved."  And so he rolls the dice.  And he is utterly in over his head.And when you simply look at Renly as a gay man the sex scenes lose their taboo feel.  And once that happens the story comes alive.  Renly has no reason to hide his homosexuality from Maergery- she is fine with it and she is trying to teach him to be fine with it.  He's a King; act like it!  A King can have a man and a woman and another man if he wants.  He's the King.Because in the end this comes down to what Maergery wants.  She wants a King in her stomach.  And Renly being gay has absolutely nothing to do with that.That's why it works.Very well put mate! American audiences will of course often prove to be less accepting of gay sex scenes. But I think in the way that it tells us about Marge's character (the only one of the three Loras, Renly, Marge who is pivotal to the book universe) and the 'other side' of her is brilliant. Moreover, I was initially against the casting of the actor that plays Renly. But this episode has proved me wrong. This season he comes into his own, as a younger, more flashy, more charismatic version of Mark Addy Baratheon. Kudos to D&D n co.!
439	Menos Grande	2012-04-16	I think there were good chances in the series from the book, if you think that there are too much things in the books that aren't that important like Arya  running away for a long time before being caught... in the book it was amusing because we could see what she was thinking, as we can't see that in the series, is best to be left out and go straight to what is what.
I liked also that some characters are more straight in what they want.. i never suspected Ser Loras Affair with  Ranley, I only asumed that thing he had with his sister.
					
					
							Edited by Menos Grande, 16 April 2012 - 10:36 AM.
440	Crown	2012-04-16	10. Only for Natalie Dormer's tities.
441	David Selig	2012-04-16	Wait...did I miss something? Was there a Stormlands scene?!? Weren't Renly's scenes in the Reach? Robb said in the first episode of the season that he was sending Cat to the Stormlands to meet with Renly, and nothing in this episode contradicted this.
442	True Northerner	2012-04-16	100% my favourite episode of the season. The credits came on, and I gasped, couldn't believe it ended so soon.
I watch with my wife who is a non-book reader, and this was the first episode of the season she didn't have me pause to answer a gazillion questions, which I think speaks to how well the first two episodes set up the season for non-book readers.
LOVED Margery... (loved her as Anne Boleyn as well). And love that they made her older and more cunning early on. Really great scene.
Going to watch it again tonight, missed some aspects of the Bran scene people are talking about.
443	Qune	2012-04-16	I have been wondering this since the first episode and I apologize in advance..........
But why is Jon and the Night's Watch traveling North of the wall?  Is it to look for his uncle?  What am I missing?
Thanks!
444	Isabella Stark	2012-04-16	I really liked this ep.AryaAs much as I love the books, all the wandering around the Riverlands gets boring. So I was really happy to see them condense that part.  I also liked the bit where Arya says that dead Lommy was Gendry.  That's the wily girl who would figure out how to make Jagen H'gar help her take Harrenhal.Renly and LorasI thought that scene was really hot. (I'm starting to get why many straight guys are so into lesbians.)Generally, I'm liking how they're developing Renly.  In the book, he never made much impression on me. Also liking Margery.  But really, when trying to seduce a gay man, there's no point in showing off your boobies.  Agree that Loras appears to have bulked up since last season.omitted charactersIn the interview with D & D on this site, they explain that they are holding off on introducing a lot of ACOK characters until next season. (Such a large cast is expensive.) So there's still hope for the Reeds. And I really hope they keep the Queen of Thorns. She's one of my favorite characters.Sansa & ShaeDidn't particularly enjoy that scene, but I think it's way too soon to say it was pointless.  We don't know where they're taking this relationship.IronbornNo strong opinion about Yara, but she hasn't made much of an impression so far.  Otherwise, I really liked all of those scenes.  The actor playing Balon is great.
445	James Arryn	2012-04-16	I think its a little of both.  But if I had to argue about ONE word in this discussion it would be in the connotation that the gay "sex" scenes are in any way  "Gratuitous.â<U+0080><U+009D>For starters I am 100% with you on the change in Renly's character being harder to accept (the guys who do the parody GoT from season 1 have this small add-on where they show the "cool, book Renly" and how he is replaced with "weaker Renly" from the show; it ends with new Renly complaining that he has a "boo-boo.").  This Renly is a baby.  When he needs to turn on the charm and the gravitas he can do it (obviously on display with Cat and his people).  But in private?  He's weak and in way over his head.But I want to stress that from a plot-development POV, its not a bad change at all.  Its far, far more easy to understand how Renly was able to "win" over the Reach now that we know what he is- its because he didn't have anything to do with it!  The Tyrells found their tool and decided to appear like they were hitching their wagon to his star, but in reality Renly is just a passanger here.  The Tyrells are in this and they know it.  Not their problem if Renly hasn't caught up.  I truly love how Maergery Tyrell has developed; she is a fierce player.  And maybe part of the problem is sexism insofar as anytime a man appears weak in the face of a strong woman we sometimes think him effeminine.  That's not fair, though. However, overall Renly's homosexuality has nothing to do with him being weak.But, when you add in Renly's gayness there can be a reaction to resort to the stereotype, and a negative one at that.  And honestly- I liked him better in the book because he was entirely NOT swishy stereotype.  Renly was butch gay.  He was this tough, charismatic endearing guy who had flash and substance.  And he had absoultely no confidence problem.  At all.  Series Renly is not that.  He does seem to exude the sterotype.  But as others have said, Loras certainly does not.  Loras- to turn a phrase -seems far more like (book) Renly than Renly does.I think this Renly works because in this Universe (the series as opposed to the book) his homosexuality is an active part of this story and not some gratoitious add-on.  Its up to the viewer to accept it at face value and not play-out the sterotype because it has nothing to do with this story.  Renly is weak and reaching for more than he can handle because he is a third-born, unproven untested boy who lives in the shadow of his two bad-ass brothers.  And he is being told- by Tyrell after Tyrell -that he is "loved."  And so he rolls the dice.  And he is utterly in over his head.And when you simply look at Renly as a gay man the sex scenes lose their taboo feel.  And once that happens the story comes alive.  Renly has no reason to hide his homosexuality from Maergery- she is fine with it and she is trying to teach him to be fine with it.  He's a King; act like it!  A King can have a man and a woman and another man if he wants.  He's the King.Because in the end this comes down to what Maergery wants.  She wants a King in her stomach.  And Renly being gay has absolutely nothing to do with that.That's why it works.I should clarify that I didn't object to the gay 'sex' scene for its own sake, or find it gratuitous at all.I just find the complete weakening of the character coincidental with the decision to completely amp up the degree to which being gay is a central characteristic a bad combination.And as you say, it's not just that he goes from being a brave, able warrior to afraid of blood...they downplay him pretty much across the board. His confidence and charisma, which in the book are 3 dimensional and very real, in the show come off as forced and kinda squirmy. Like, for example, how he deals with Cat's challenges. In the show he pauses, kinda twitches a bit, forces a smile and makes the best of it...in the book he genuinely laughs, talks about her besting his defenders (with words) and smoothly overcomes the difficulty about titles.That's just one example.You mentioned others...we never get a sense in the book that Renly is being lead, is indecisive and in need of constant prodding. We never get the sense that Loras is the dominant one in the relationship, or Margery in the marriage. Whenever Renly's there, he's the one who commands attention and admiration. In the books he's a man. In the show he's a child.And lastly, my own impression based on the vague evidence from the book is that he's not necessarily exclusively gay. He talks pretty openly about getting Margery pregnant, etc. And, more, I don't get the sense that to whatever degree he is gay is something he's ashamed about. Again you get a sense of a man completely at ease with what and who he is, whereas in the show he seems nervous and insecure about almost everything.I'd like to add that I don't blame the actor; the character as written, he's playing pretty well. And I also think that I can understand, to a degree, why they are marginalizing Renly and possibly Stannis. Too many titans. The book has room enough for a bunch of awesome people...but in a 10 hour show, too many will reduce scope and come off cartoonish.I just wish they'd picked another means that an easy stereotype.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 11:10 AM.
446	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	I have been wondering this since the first episode and I apologize in advance..........But why is Jon and the Night's Watch traveling North of the wall?  Is it to look for his uncle?  What am I missing?Thanks!they are ranging to see why all the wildlings that used to live close to the wall seem to have disappeared
447	Thorny Issues	2012-04-16	Also liking Margery.  But really, when trying to seduce a gay man, there's no point in showing off your boobies.  I got the impression she was just toying with him, pretty much knowing full well what his reaction was going to be. She wasn't (or didn't appear to be) in the least bit surprised, rejected or angry. I thought it worked.
448	James Arryn	2012-04-16	The way I read it, Shae is awkward, angry, humiliated and very stressed in the current situation, and she's acting like it.  In which case, she's perfect!Yeah, can't put my finger on exactly why, but Shae's scenes generally annoy me. In the book as well, but in a different way. More for her myopia. In the show its partly because she only has 2 gears, acting sexual or acting pissed off.
449	Lord Ben	2012-04-16	I think this Renly works because in this Universe (the series as opposed to the book) his homosexuality is an active part of this story and not some gratoitious add-on.  Its up to the viewer to accept it at face value and not play-out the sterotype because it has nothing to do with this story.It's not an add-on by any means.   The Tyrell/Lannister alliance was only possible because people believed her to be a virgin after a few weeks of marriage.  That wouldn't have been possible with a straight Renly.   Had Renly been straight and gotten her knocked up with the heir the Tyrell/Baratheon alliance had a MUCH bigger army than King's Landing and Stannis combined.  But because she wasn't preggers and he died they needed to side with the Lannisters.
450	snax	2012-04-16	Margaery looks way oldr than sixteen or however old she was in the books. The Margaery-Tommen marriage later is going to be more awkward-looking, since she could borderline pass for his mum. Glad HBO found a way to fulfill their episode nudity quota. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I loved the scene(s) with Tyrion planting different lies with the small council, and the insolent little exchange  between Sansa and Shae.
451	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	I should clarify that I didn't object to the gay 'sex' scene for its own sake, or find it gratuitous at all.I just find the complete weakening of the character coincidental with the decision to completely amp up the degree to which being gay is a central characteristic a bad combination.And as you say, it's not just that he goes from being a brave, able warrior to afraid of blood...they downplay him pretty much across the board. His confidence and charisma, which in the book are 3 dimensional and very real, in the show come off as forced and kinda squirmy. Like, for example, how he deals with Cat's challenges. In the show he pauses, kinda twitches a bit, forces a smile and makes the best of it...in the book he genuinely laughs, talks about her besting his defenders (with words) and smoothly overcomes the difficulty about titles.That's just one example.You mentioned others...we never get a sense in the book that Renly is being lead, is indecisive and need constant prodding. We never get the sense that Loras is the dominant one in the relationship, or Margery in the marriage. Whenever Renly's there, he's the one who commands attention and admiration. In the books he's a man. In the show he's a child.And lastly, my own impression based on the vague evidence from the book is that he's not necessarily exclusively gay. He talks pretty openly about getting Margery pregnant, etc. And, more, I don't get the sense that to whatever degree he is gay is something he's ashamed about. Again you get a sense of a man completely at ease with what and who he is, whereas in the show he seems nervous and insecure about almost everything.I'd like to add that I don't blame the actor; the character as written, he's playing pretty well. And I also think that I can understand, to a degree, why they are marginalizing Renly and possibly Stannis. Too many titans. The book has room enough for a bunch of awesome people...but in a 10 hour show, too many will reduce scope and come off cartoonish.I just wish they'd picked another means that an easy stereotype.Completely agree, book Renly is a confident, almost arrogant man that definitely shows attraction to women and some straight tendencies. This is a case of shock value for the HBO series- just like the Ros scenes.  Both are equally inaccurate and corny IMO.
452	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Very well put mate! American audiences will of course often prove to be less accepting of gay sex scenes. Sorry to break this to you, mate, but there was no â<U+0080><U+009C>gay sex sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D> in S2E3. Showing affection is not sex. Making out is not sex. Buggering and blow jobs are sex.  We got none of that here, and neither did Renly.I really Do Not Understand the fragile American male psyche that gets all queasy and awkward over seeing two young men in love â<U+0080><U+0094> and reasonably attractive ones at that. This wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even heavy petting; it was just making out, which a perfectly normal and healthy thing, unlike almost all the sex scenes we see in this series. Plus showing the Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0093>Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0093>Margaery flower triangle/sandwich  is essential to the plot, unlike the dumb boring sexposition scenes. I had never realized that junior high school sex-ed classes in the States needed to include illustrations of same-sex kissing, but apparently it does, given the painfully provincial reaction to natural affection manifested in this thread.Apparently those of fragile self-image  need to see a lot more of this kind of thing if thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what it takes for them to outgrow their own insecurities and just let people be people.  Hopefully weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll more of it next episode when Loras helps Renly â<U+0080><U+009C>prayâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
453	mrnegativity	2012-04-16	Hmmm... I dont know about that. I mean she needn't do it all alone. And it makes more sense to have a Petyr-Dontos-Marge alliance (Dontos being such a sucker for pretty lil things) than including Olena in the mix. I think that is a totally expendable character and D&D'd see it that way too. I mean, the Reeds have been omitted. Damphair has been omitted...what's Olena compared to that?Fair point!I'm not convinced they can get away without an intermediary between Margaery and Littlefinger. She's too young to be actively scheming at such a high level.The Reeds were really just a plot device to get Bran north of the Wall - as much as I enjoy their characters, from a narrative point of view they're readily expendable. Similarly, Damphair only exists to introduce us to the Drowned God, and call a Kingsmoot. Both of those things can be done without him.But scheming to assassinate a king... we'll see how they develop Margaery's character in the show, but I can't see book Margaery doing much other than following instructions / scheming along a very set path (i.e. this is what our family wants, here is your left and right of arc, scheme however you will within these bounds).
454	BlackTalon	2012-04-16	Jon looking tormented and vulnerable again ... I can never see him without thinking of that meme with him and Jaime Lannister by the forge in Winterfell!http://media.tumblr....5Gah1qlx77f.jpg
Too bad that Shae as so far the only German actor is being hated on by almost everybody :-(  I have to say though that her German accent and Grammar grates even on my ears (".... and I tell him the story of how we (squeak) meet!"). her acting is less than impressive too, which is strange,  a while back she won a pretty important prize for her role in "Gegen die Wand". I wonder if the producers thought the role would fit her especially well because Sibel Kekilli started her career doing hardcore porn.
.... One can only hope that Jaquen HÂ´gar will make up for it.
455	Rockroi	2012-04-16	Sorry to break this to you, mate, but there was no â<U+0080><U+009C>gay sex sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D> in S2E3. Showing affection is not sex. Making out is not sex. Buggering and blow jobs are sex.  We got none of that here, and neither did Renly.I really Do Not Understand the fragile American male psyche that gets all queasy and awkward over seeing two young men in love â<U+0080><U+0094> and reasonably attractive ones at that. This wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even heavy petting; it was just making out, which a perfectly normal and healthy thing, unlike almost all the sex scenes we see in this series. Plus showing the Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0093>Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0093>Margaery flower triangle/sandwich  is essential to the plot, unlike the dumb boring sexposition scenes. I had never realized that junior high school sex-ed classes in the States needed to include illustrations of same-sex kissing, but apparently it does, given the painfully provincial reaction to natural affection manifested in this thread.Apparently those of fragile self-image  need to see a lot more of this kind of thing if thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what it takes for them to outgrow their own insecurities and just let people be people.  Hopefully weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll more of it next episode when Loras helps Renly â<U+0080><U+009C>prayâ<U+0080><U+009D>.Just a teeny-weenie self-richteous.
456	wolverine	2012-04-16	I am disappointed that Renly in the series is so stereo-typically gay.  I was more impressed with him in the book than in the HBO series.  I think he should have been more masculine in the show.  He should have been bigger and badder, but still gay. 
In the show who would want to follow him?  Remember he has an older brother, even if no one likes him, they would follow him over someone whom they have no confidence in militarily.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 16 April 2012 - 11:19 AM.
457	Lord Ben	2012-04-16	I am disappointed that Renly in the series is so stereo-typically gay.  I was more impressed with him in the book than in the HBO series.  I think he should have been more masculine in the show.  He should have been bigger and badder, but still gay.In the show who would want to follow him?  Remember he has an older brother, even if no one likes him, they would follow him over someone whom they have no confidence in militarily.In the books they tease him for spending more on clothing than most of the women in court.    That's pretty stereotypical.
458	Rockroi	2012-04-16	I also wanted to add something on the worst character in the show who was also in the books, Shea. 
Part of the problem with Shea is that the makers of the show changed the character dramatically at the start of the show believing (erroneously) tha tthey could make a seemless transition for Shea as the show moved on.  Yeah that hasn't happened.  Shea from the book was this doe-eyed beuty who faked innoccence and misunderstanding very well.  She could hide her cynicism very well.  The problem with series-Shea is that she has been presented as worldly, well travelled and almost the intellectual equal of Tyrion (that drinking game scene set us up for all that).  Therefore, trying to hide Shea behind ignorance or misunderstanding is not in the cards. 
That changes everythig.  Now, unlike the books, we cannot see Shea in actyion and think "whore, but she could have a heart of gold and she doesn't really understand what's going on; she;s like 18!"  Not this Shea.  The accent, the up-jumped status as an intellectual wizard etc all conspire to destroy that character.  And in her place?  Not a fungible alternative.  This Shea is too smart to make us think she misunderstands what's going on; she cannot play the innoccent or the naive (while in the books she could at least fake it for the readers).  And the fact that her voice makes me want to stick my head in a vate of liquid nitrogen is not a possitive. 
She's not working because the show creators have changed the character but kept consistent her actions and reactions.  Its a sham.  Its not working.  Fail.
459	Lord Ben	2012-04-16	Sorry to break this to you, mate, but there was no â<U+0080><U+009C>gay sex sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D> in S2E3. Showing affection is not sex. Making out is not sex. Buggering and blow jobs are sex.  We got none of that here, and neither did Renly.I really Do Not Understand the fragile American male psyche that gets all queasy and awkward over seeing two young men in love â<U+0080><U+0094> and reasonably attractive ones at that. This wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even heavy petting; it was just making out, which a perfectly normal and healthy thing, unlike almost all the sex scenes we see in this series. Plus showing the Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0093>Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0093>Margaery flower triangle/sandwich  is essential to the plot, unlike the dumb boring sexposition scenes. I had never realized that junior high school sex-ed classes in the States needed to include illustrations of same-sex kissing, but apparently it does, given the painfully provincial reaction to natural affection manifested in this thread.Apparently those of fragile self-image  need to see a lot more of this kind of thing if thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what it takes for them to outgrow their own insecurities and just let people be people.  Hopefully weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll more of it next episode when Loras helps Renly â<U+0080><U+009C>prayâ<U+0080><U+009D>.Fragile psyche?  You're the one who seems the most upset over the whole situation.....  Even busting out the ad hominems.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ben, 16 April 2012 - 11:26 AM.
460	Arkash	2012-04-16	Making out is not sex. Buggering and blow jobs are sex.Eeeeeer... say that again ? o.OExcept if you use "make out" just as meaning "kiss" and not "sexual intercourse", in which case I would understand.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 16 April 2012 - 11:27 AM.
461	kungtotte	2012-04-16	Who would want to follow Joffrey...
462	bloodymime	2012-04-16	Why are people so sure the Reeds are out, is there some type of official statement saying they aren't in the show? They don't show up to Winterfell until the feast with Manderly and Lady Hornwood and the Walders aren't even there yet.
Natalie Dormer does not disappoint as much as they try to make her. Her first scene was pretty stilted but other than that great.
Don't mind the compression on Arya's scenes, they really do a lot of wandering around that probably just wouldn't do well on screen. Didn't like changing the story so that Lorch shows up with the goldcloaks. Preferred the book scene with Yoren trying to convince them that they're Night's Watch and Lorch just not giving a damn. Felt more brutal watching them get wiped out in just a random encounter rather than being specifically targeted.
Brienne was great. Considering how much they have sanitized the appearance of so many characters to be more hollywood I was halfways expecting her to truly be Brienne the Beauty anyways. I think the actress is going to do pretty well at capturing Brienne's awkwardness at anything that doesn't involve combat. So far at least.
Wish they had kept Shagga as the one chopping off Pycelle's manhood but they could have at least had Bronn complaining he wasn't no barber.
463	Ran	2012-04-16	He's charming, intelligent, capable enough as an administrator, involved in the running of the realm as a member of Robert's council, he has a claim, he has support from the Reach and the storm lands... who wouldn't follow him? So he's not a great warrior -- neither was book-Renly.
464	James Arryn	2012-04-16	The reason people haven't brought up the idea that the show's portrayal of Renly means "gay = soft" is because of Loras, who may be very good looking, but he's also a great jouster, a talented warrior, one of the most valiant knights in the Seven Kingdoms, who reveals that he's worked damned hard to be in that position, and who draws blood to force Renly to look and accept the cost of power.So "gay=soft" doesn't exist as a stereotype here. There's different kinds of people, that's all, and sexuality doesn't really figure.To a degree, but within the confines of the show we've seen him engaged in 3 fights.1 he wins by cheating, 1 he gets saved by the Hound, 1 he gets beaten by Brienne.It's pretty in line with the book in terms of results, but the emphasis is different.The cheating is more of a possibility in the book, in the show it's an explanation. The Hound thing I think played out fairly, but he looked more like a scared kid than I imagined in the book, and from what I recall in the fight with Brienne...and this may be faulty memory...but I seem to recall Brienne's bullrush as a kind of desparate last gasp, that Loras was pretty much winning before she caught him off guard with that, and there was an implication that that, like the Mountain joust, was possibly borderline behavior, which contrary to the Loras aspect is downplayed in the show.(Yeah, just checked the text. It's explicit. Loras was very much winning the fight and Brienne's bullrush was a desperate last gasp, after Loras had disarmed her, and comments were made about it being a 'vile trick'.I'm not even saying it was, but the contrast is again there...both fights have insinuations about tricks; Loras' is made explicit and unchallenged, Brienne's is unmentioned.And, beyond that, much secondary stuff is made about the Knight of Flowers being an acknowledged prodigy with arms, whereas here the secondary stuff mostly deals with him being popular with the girls. And his personality comes off a little more petulant and whiny than in the book, where he's mostly arrogant but gallant.So in general I'd say that while I agree with you that in contrast with Renly, Loras is portrayed as brave, warrior, etc. even that is diminished in contrast with the book, and looked at together they are much less than they were in the text.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 11:40 AM.
465	ace	2012-04-16	I should clarify that I didn't object to the gay 'sex' scene for its own sake, or find it gratuitous at all.I just find the complete weakening of the character coincidental with the decision to completely amp up the degree to which being gay is a central characteristic a bad combination.And as you say, it's not just that he goes from being a brave, able warrior to afraid of blood...they downplay him pretty much across the board. His confidence and charisma, which in the book are 3 dimensional and very real, in the show come off as forced and kinda squirmy. Like, for example, how he deals with Cat's challenges. In the show he pauses, kinda twitches a bit, forces a smile and makes the best of it...in the book he genuinely laughs, talks about her besting his defenders (with words) and smoothly overcomes the difficulty about titles.That's just one example.You mentioned others...we never get a sense in the book that Renly is being lead, is indecisive and in need of constant prodding. We never get the sense that Loras is the dominant one in the relationship, or Margery in the marriage. Whenever Renly's there, he's the one who commands attention and admiration. In the books he's a man. In the show he's a child.And lastly, my own impression based on the vague evidence from the book is that he's not necessarily exclusively gay. He talks pretty openly about getting Margery pregnant, etc. And, more, I don't get the sense that to whatever degree he is gay is something he's ashamed about. Again you get a sense of a man completely at ease with what and who he is, whereas in the show he seems nervous and insecure about almost everything.I'd like to add that I don't blame the actor; the character as written, he's playing pretty well. And I also think that I can understand, to a degree, why they are marginalizing Renly and possibly Stannis. Too many titans. The book has room enough for a bunch of awesome people...but in a 10 hour show, too many will reduce scope and come off cartoonish.I just wish they'd picked another means that an easy stereotype.I never really got the impression from the books of Renly being particularly macho or as a brave able warrior. He's confident, charismatic, easy going, fun to hang around with, but not aggressive, domineering, or especially war like. In fact this is particularly noticeable in the conversation with Stannis, as the contrast between Stannis the humorless macho warrior and Renly who treats Stannis and his army as a kind of joke. Remember the peach?When he talks about getting Marg pregnant it's more like "I know how to do what I need to do" than "I can't wait to bed her". And that's in response to Stannis questioning whether he knows what to do with a woman. In fact there are gay stereotypes about him in the books too. I mean come on, rainbow guard?
466	Lannes	2012-04-16	which is funny, cause Kim's are realI refuse to believe anything about any Kardashian is real in any known sense of the word 'real.'
467	isiman	2012-04-16	He's charming, intelligent, capable enough as an administrator, involved in the running of the realm as a member of Robert's council, he has a claim, he has support from the Reach and the storm lands... who wouldn't follow him? So he's not a great warrior -- neither was book-Renly.Book Renly seemed smarter though.I mean, his army didn't rush to KG because he wanted the Stark and the Lannisters to fight between themselves making in this way easier for his future conquest.In the show he seemed he was just playing.I never really got the impression from the books of Renly being particularly macho or as a brave able warrior. He's confident, charismatic, easy going, fun to hang around with, but not aggressive, domineering, or especially war likeWell, in the books even Jaime praised Loras' abilities.I think he really is supposed to be an excellent warrior.
					
					
							Edited by isiman, 16 April 2012 - 11:41 AM.
468	James Arryn	2012-04-16	I never really got the impression from the books of Renly being particularly macho or as a brave able warrior. He's confident, charismatic, easy going, fun to hang around with, but not aggressive, domineering, or especially war like. In fact this is particularly noticeable in the conversation with Stannis, as the contrast between Stannis the humorless macho warrior and Renly who treats Stannis and his army as a kind of joke. Remember the peach?Renly competes in tourneys and acquits himself well, never remotely displays fear of battle or blood, etc. It's a stark contrast.Re: the peach, I think we read that differently. He's always lighthearted, but that wasn't a sign of weakness, imo. It was complete confidence.When he talks about getting Marg pregnant it's more like "I know how to do what I need to do" than "I can't wait to bed her". And that's in response to Stannis questioning whether he knows what to do with a woman. In fact there are gay stereotypes about him in the books too. I mean come on, rainbow guard?No, again, the pregnancy thing was said with complete confidence; he's contrasted with Stannis, not defensive. And the Rainbow thing? I think GRRM has specifically stated that he didn't remotely think of that as a gay sign...it was the seven colors, and reflected Renly's love of pageantry and willingness to create his own traditions.And more, the disbelief everyone has of the 'official' status of Margary's pregnancy can only be down to a belief that Renly was at least bisexual.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 11:41 AM.
469	James Arryn	2012-04-16	So he's not a great warrior -- neither was book-Renly.No time to surf the text, but just from his wiki:"Renly enjoys tournaments and hunting but isn't driven by the passion for food, drink, or wenching, as Robert Baratheon came to be...He performed well in the Tourney of the Hand, losing to the Hound, Sandor Clegane..."And there's also the discussion about him on the morning of battle, anything but nervous, but instead completely at ease and confident. And the first time we see him he brazenly and openly laughs at the heir to the throne...for being disarmed by a girl. Something which would only amuse a certain kind of man so much. You can't help but note the contrast, and its all in one direction. From someone who enjoys hunting and tourneys and fights well, to someone who is afraid of blood, offended by hunting, and nervous at the mention of war. In the book he is very much a warrior king type, he just has more going on besides that, and hasn't been alive for any real warfare yet. 
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 11:50 AM.
470	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-16	I really liked this episode.  Unlike last week's where I felt the TV writers decisions contradicted some aspects of GRRM's characters, I feel like their deviations this week will pay off wonderfully.
I loved Yoren and his backstory.  I wish they had taken an extra two minutes on the scene to have Arya lay down before the attack and start her list.  It would have been earlier than in the books (I think), but it would have created a nice, strong connection between her and Yoren's story.  Then, of course, as her story moves along, she can add people as they wrong her.  As it is, I hope non-book readers don't forget that scene when she starts saying her list as she falls asleep.
That whole thing is a minor quibble, of course, and I could easily see it not being necessary.  It's just how I envision the scene in my head.
471	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	Was Margeary Tyrell this politically savvy in the books?  I though she was a little more innocent but in the series she is pretty damn straight forward and intelligent.  I know she has a wicked good conniving grandma but I never got the impression she was in on the Tyrell plotting.  Is she going to become Joff's poisoner?This episode probably deviated the most from the books so far and I wonder if that won't be a continuing trend.See, this is the thing I commented on - reading into the books, yes, she and most of the rest of the Tyrells play the game well.  Getting that though comes from all of the little pieces they do - which they can't necessarily portray in the series.  I wish however they would leave something for the audience to figure out or deduce rather than just smack us in the face with something each time.as far as who might poison whom...never know what the writing will end it up as, though she is a prime suspect I believe it was Garlan.
472	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	I really liked this episode.  Unlike last week's where I felt the TV writers decisions contradicted some aspects of GRRM's characters, I feel like their deviations this week will pay off wonderfully.I loved Yoren and his backstory.  I wish they had taken an extra two minutes on the scene to have Arya lay down before the attack and start her list.  It would have been earlier than in the books (I think), but it would have created a nice, strong connection between her and Yoren's story.  Then, of course, as her story moves along, she can add people as they wrong her.  As it is, I hope non-book readers don't forget that scene when she starts saying her list as she falls asleep.That whole thing is a minor quibble, of course, and I could easily see it not being necessary.  It's just how I envision the scene in my head.I loved the Yoren dialogue knowing that it would lead to her creating her own prayer.  I expect the show watchers will remember it (if she doesn't take too long to make her own), at the very least on a rewatch since its so hard to catch everything the first time through.  That was another great addition to this episode.
473	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	Why would he kill him though? He didn't and (in the show's logic at least) Jon told Mormont everything and nothing changed. Mormont knew (and Craster knew he knew?) Whereas if he killed Jon and was caught doing so, he could expect reprisals.So then what was he caught doing - sneaking around to see something that was all ready known?  Why did Craster smack him?  Why did Craster care what he saw if he knew Mormont knew?  If that was the case they would have been better off having some "things aren't always what you expect boy" type line.sorry for the multiple posts - can't multi-quote atm for some reason.
474	Arkash	2012-04-16	Well, loosing to the Hand is still honorable, considering the four final opponents: the Clegane Brothers, Jaime and Loras... I guess book-Renly was still one hell of a warrior.Then, there is something this episode foreshadows I'm so eager to see, or, hear:Weese, Dunsen, Chiswyck, Polliver, Raff the Sweetling. The Tickler and the Hound. Ser Gregor, Ser Armory, Ser Ilyn, Ser Meryn, King Joffrey, Queen Cersei...Even if I guess, Dunsen, Chiswyck, Raff, the Tickler and Ser Meryn will be left out of it for the show... dunno about Weese, still...But that leaves quite a short list...
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 16 April 2012 - 12:00 PM.
475	Lord Varys	2012-04-16	Actually, I thought Loras asking Cat if Robb had already attacked Lord Tywin strongly indicated that TV Renly also made the strategic decision to let the Lannisters and Starks weaken each other before he made his move.
I'm really happy with TV Renly by the way. He showed confidence in himself in public. He makes decisions as he sees fit and is not pushed around by Loras and Margaery. And they also gave us a glimpse why his men loved him.
Of course, we knew from last season that he would not be book Renly. The one thing I found irritating is that he is supposed to be this closeted about his relationship with Renly. Margaery revealing that she knew was a great scene in itself, but book Renly would not have cared about his bannermen knowing about his sexual preferences. And the Tyrells most certainly knew everything about it, that's why they sent Loras as Renly's squire to Storm's End in the first place.
But I really liked the fact that Renly was not able to consummate his marriage. Both Loras and Margaery are very aware of the fact that Highgarden expects that Mace's grandson will sit on the Iron Throne.
Margaery's character is also not really distorted. Yes, she is older, and yes, she shows her intelligence/capabilities as a plotter early no, but so what? We only get innocent book Margaery because we are never in her head, nor privy to any personal conversation between the Tyrells or Margaery and Renly. That Sansa does not see through Margaery in ASoS does not mean that Margaery is a nice and innocent girl.
Oh, and by the way, I can't see that 'adult Margaery' can be interpreted as a sign that they will drop Lady Olenna in the series. It's unthinkable that they would even consider omitting like the Queen of Thorns from the series. She would be far to great fun on screen!
And I also really like the reason why Tyrion is going to send Littlefinger to Renly. Tyrion and Cat did not 'bond' all that much during their trip to the Vale, so it would have been rather difficult to establish why Catelyn would trust that any Lannister would exchange Jaime for her daughters. But if Littlefinger is going to deliver an official offer from the Hand of the King she will not only consider it...
But I really hope we will not going to see all that negotiation stuff for Margaery's hand after Renly's death. The Tyrells saving the day at the Blackwater should be as much a surprise in the series as it was in the books.
476	episodenone	2012-04-16	I'm not sure the Gay element has anything to do with weakness in this civilization.Not having the ability to Father children might be a sign of weakness and probably is.And if it's by choice -- no difference.  A King needs a son in Westeros - for the most part - this is a quite important part of the culture.Being Gay is probably fine with the vast majority of the population of Westeros and Essos.
					
					
							Edited by episodenone, 16 April 2012 - 12:17 PM.
477	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	I'm not sure the bay element has anything to do with weakness in this civilization.Not having the ability to Father children might be a sign of weakness and probably is.And if it's by choice -- no difference.  A King needs a son in Westeros - for the most part - this is a quite important part of the culture.Being Gay is probably fine with the vast majority of the population of Westeros and Essos.You can still father children despite being gay
478	episodenone	2012-04-16	You can still father children despite being gayObviously.  My point is - if no one knows you're gay -- and if no children come from your marriage as king - then the perception would be that you are physically unable rather than simply not being attracted to your wife.which would then be a sign of weakness in medieval cultures such as this.
					
					
							Edited by episodenone, 16 April 2012 - 12:25 PM.
479	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I don't want to sound like a misogynist, but Asha is supposed to be hot. Isn't she supposed to be hot? It's been so long since I read her physical description by GRRM, but I sure have been picturing her as a sexy brunette, who's sexual deviance really turned me on. This actress may have a great personality in real life, but she really doesn't do it for me in the looks department.By looks of the Ironborn, maybe she is. lol. Just saying.
480	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	The strength of the older character actors really shines through in this episode, especially those playing Balon, Luwin, and Cat. Look at what they do with their eyes alone. Watch their facial expressions.  Listen to their lines.  Everything works.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a beauty to behold. I am so going to miss Maester Luwin once heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone. The seasoned actors playing Yoren, Mormont, and Pycelle were really quite good, too. Watch their faces.In contrast, the actress playing Asha/Yara has very little range in here facial expressions. You never see a shift there to convey lines not delivered, internal thoughts.  Not only do all of her lines come off as emotionally flat, there seem to be timing problems: itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s as though sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just waiting for her cue to recite her lines instead of actually listening and reacting to the other actors in the scene. Sorry to say, but to me there just didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be a lot of acting here. I wish there were.The next strong point about the episode is the cinematography.  The location shooting was absolutely gorgeous. The scene with Theon alone in the dark with the candle might seem clichA© to some, but I thought it was very well done. With all the dark scenes, though, I do worry about people watching this on devices without enough contrast ratio, or in bright light.  You really do have to watch these in a dark, dark room with a good screen. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve read posts by people complaining they canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s happening in the dark scenes, and this is why.I hadnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t realized that Margaery was pronounced like Marjorie. It makes a lot more sense that way, although I never though of there being a soft g (ie, that a j) before an a. Apparently â<U+0080><U+009C>Marjorieâ<U+0080><U+009D> has all these spelling variations: Marcharie, Marge, Margeree, Margery, Margerie, Margery, Margey, Margi, Margie, Margy, Marja, Marje, Marjerie, Marjery, Marji, Marjie, Marjorey, Marjory and Marjy â<U+0080><U+0094> all with a j sound, never a hard g. Curiously, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s related to Maisie, the name of the actress playing Arya.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why Renly and Loras each pronounce Tyrell with the stress in different syllables compared to how the other one says it. Very odd, that. I suppose one can attribute it to different dialectal accents, but Renly and Loras both sound pretty flag RP to me.  Does anybody know any real Tyrells?  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not that uncommon a name.Lastly on accents, you can now and then hear Peter Dinklageâ<U+0080><U+0099>s American accent sneaking through: listen to how he says â<U+0080><U+009C>bygones be bygonesâ<U+0080><U+009D>: the o isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t rounded enough, especially on the first of those.  I suspect that Peter has the cotâ<U+0080><U+0093>caught merger in his native dialect, although his character isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to.  This time I could here a Celtic lilt in some of Aidan Gillenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lines. Listen to his musical intonation pattern when he says â<U+0080><U+009C>And I suppose you want me to broker this agreement.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d have to play clips of Graham Norton and Dara A<U+0093> Briain versus some of Rob Brydon to be sure, but Aidan sounds a lot more Irish than Welsh to my ear, which makes sense given that Aidan actually is Irish.   In any event, I find it attractive to listen to. It also comes out a bit later on in the episode when heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s angry with Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s deception.The subtle background music seemed to fit well in all the scenes it was used for. The costumes were all characterstically wonderful, really nicely done. I just loved Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gowns and Varysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s frocks/robes/dressing-gowns. Beautiful.Conleth Hillâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Varys remains pitch-perfect, a treasure and a delight. You can tell that if any of the three councillors whom Tyrion scams is really Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s confidant, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Varys. He entrusts him with Shaeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life, after all. The top three actors in the billing for this episode, Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, and Michelle Fairley, all gave commanding performances fitting their position in the credits, with Lenaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perhaps being the strongest of the three this time around.  Unfortunately, a couple of times I wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t sure I believed Peterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lines. Oh, nothing at all like what happened with Asha/Yaraâ<U+0080><U+0099>s flat affect, but there was something just a tiny bit forced every now and then.  It might have been that he had to get out a lot of words in a short time, so there wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t room for dramatic pause and reaction. Or maybe it was Peter still struggling with the British accent.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure, but it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t bothersome enough for real criticism, and Peter gave a fine performance.Overall, this was mostly a Tyrion episode, or at least a Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing one.  Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s oneâ<U+0080><U+0093>twoâ<U+0080><U+0093>three trick worked much better than I thought it ever would given the time constraints. I applaud the screenwritersâ<U+0080><U+0099> decision to focus on fewer characters in each episode. This really is necessary to maintain enough depth within  each set, and I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t miss that we didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see Joffrey, Robb, Jaime, or Dany in this episode. Too much time-slicing and intercutting would make it choppy and disconnected. Although unavoidable, the season premiA¨re suffered from a bit of that, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad to see the writers have found a solution to the problem.Almost all the additions and abridgements make fine sense, and are welcome. This is especially important when  they need to show situations where in the book there was no point of view character whose thoughts could be narrated.  The Theon letter was great; the Lannister luncheon scene was very well done; and even the Sansa and Shae bit was perfectly acceptable.  Unlike last week, the Craster portions were a bit weak this time around. I agree we had to show the Others again, and it was a good addition. I just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know that I believe this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s segue and resolution. Mormont helped, though.Speaking of non-POV additions, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve done a good job here making Renly by far the most likable of the three Baratheon brothers.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a decent fellow, and even pretty hot if you like that kind of thing. I thought the â<U+0080><U+009C>flower-sandwichâ<U+0080><U+009D> of Renly between the two Tyrell siblings worked very well. Seeing Renly and Loras playing together was a lot more believable this season than last, and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s relieving to see honest affection in a normal healthy relationship; there isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a lot of that in this show.  I think the only other tender kiss weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen in the series was when Ned kissed Cat good-bye in Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, long ago and far away.  All the rest have been pretty gross, prostitutes and such.  Of course, just like Ned and Cat, Renly and Loras are doomed lovers whose time together is short.  Interesting that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re the only couples shown in a good light, and theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re the ones that are quickly separated by outside betrayal and death.  Really sad.  Poignant, even.  Loras seems to be fleshing out a bit character-wise (and maybe bodywise, too), which is good, although Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not in pouty myself. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be seeing him for a long time. That said, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t find Loras to be â<U+0080><U+009C>prettyâ<U+0080><U+009D> nor particularly appealing (read: hot), but Renly shows  a playful cute smile here, almost elfin in places, which makes him a good foil for Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sister. As for the triangle, to be honest thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty much how I always pictured things going on behind closed doors, that Margaery always knew about Renly and Loras. I really liked Renly this time around; you wonder what was going through his mind in all his scenes, especially those with Cat.  Natalie Dormer has one of those magical faces with oversized almond eyes like something out of a manga comic; she is truly beautiful. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve strengthened her rA´le, and found such a convincing actress, too, considering how important sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be later on.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m afraid I myself wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have had Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s misgivings over hopping in the sack with Margaery â<U+0080><U+0094> what can I say? â<U+0080><U+0094> but I suppose he was really conflicted because of the awkwardness of what he thought was his secret. Once he gets it sorted in his head, it should be easier next time, probably with a willing tag team by the Tyrells. I always thought that Renly had consumated his marriage, but that for whatever reason, Margaery just didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get preggers from it. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t recall how long they were married before Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s evil murder.I loved Brienne. The reveal was well worth the wait. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait to see her interact with Jaime.  I wish weâ<U+0080><U+0099>d seen more of Jaqen, but that too will come.Overall, the episode gets a grade of B+ or Aâ<U+0092>, so probably a high 8 in a 1â<U+0080><U+0093>10 system. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s certainly the strongest weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen this season.  Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for more.
481	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	I am disappointed that Renly in the series is so stereo-typically gay. He is?  I really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think so. He seems pretty normal to me.
482	ace	2012-04-16	Renly competes in tourneys and acquits himself well, never remotely displays fear of battle or blood, etc. It's a stark contrast.Re: the peach, I think we read that differently. He's always lighthearted, but that wasn't a sign of weakness, imo. It was complete confidence.No, again, the pregnancy thing was said with complete confidence; he's contrasted with Stannis, not defensive. And the Rainbow thing? I think GRRM has specifically stated that he didn't remotely think of that as a gay sign...it was the seven colors, and reflected Renly's love of pageantry and willingness to create his own traditions.And more, the disbelief everyone has of the 'official' status of Margary's pregnancy can only be down to a belief that Renly was at least bisexual.Loras competes in tourneys too. And in RL there are gay soldiers. In fact the ancient Greeks considered gays to be the best soldiers and their elite units were all gay. Don't see how competing and even doing well in tourneys contradicts him being gay.I agree he's very confident. In fact Cat comments that he's too confident as he leaves most of his army behind when he rides to Storm's End. But that doesn't translate to him being a great warrior. Might be the opposite in fact.I'm sure he's confident of being able to father children. Gays can father children too. He might not enjoy it as much as a straight guy, but it's a small price to pay for the iron throne. The fact that Stannis comments on his ability to get Margaery pregnant suggests that him being gay is at least rumored.
483	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I don't find her uninteresting exactly, but I feel like they have something planned for her that we just don't know about yet.  Her whole mysterious backstory, and now she's taking handmaid lessons from Sansa - they definitely seem to be setting her up to be someone who is used to being on the other side of that situation.  I really do think she is supposed to be some highborn lady from somewhere - and her scene with Sansa definitely added to that.I don't think so. I think that they are setting up the reason for Shae to hate Sansa and tell lies about her later on out of pure jealousy. Beautiful young highborn girl versus social climbing whore. The groundwork is set.
484	episodenone	2012-04-16	In contrast, the actress playing Asha/Yara has very little range in here facial expressions. You never see a shift there to convey lines not delivered, internal thoughts.  Not only do all of her lines come off as emotionally flat, there seem to be timing problems: itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s as though sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just waiting for her cue to recite her lines instead of actually listening and reacting to the other actors in the scene. Sorry to say, but to me there just didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be a lot of acting here. I wish there were.With all the dark scenes, though, I do worry about people watching this on devices without enough contrast ratio, or in bright light.  You really do have to watch these in a dark, dark room with a good screen. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve read posts by people complaining they canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s happening in the dark scenes, and this is why.I hadnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t realized that Margaery was pronounced like Marjorie. It makes a lot more sense that way, although I never though of there being a soft g (ie, that a j) before an a. Apparently â<U+0080><U+009C>Marjorieâ<U+0080><U+009D> has all these spelling variations: Marcharie, Marge, Margeree, Margery, Margerie, Margery, Margey, Margi, Margie, Margy, Marja, Marje, Marjerie, Marjery, Marji, Marjie, Marjorey, Marjory and Marjy â<U+0080><U+0094> all with a j sound, never a hard g. Curiously, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s related to Maisie, the name of the actress playing Arya.Asha - I totally disagree -- I think her mannerisms, body language - eye-language [if there is a such a thing] is excellent.  I think it's part of what is making Theon so flustered.  I happen to think she is doing a fantastic job despite her not being the picture of beauty many seem to wish she was.  They've done such a magnificent job of casting - hard to believe GRRM and D&D missed this one as badly as many have posted.There isn't much "curious" about the actress name and a character with some name that is distantly related.The book was written 15?  20 years ago?  Long before the actress was involved methinks.
485	James Arryn	2012-04-16	Loras competes in tourneys too. And in RL there are gay soldiers. In fact the ancient Greeks considered gays to be the best soldiers and their elite units were all gay. Don't see how competing and even doing well in tourneys contradicts him being gay.I think you are completely misunderstanding my point. Which is not that being gay contradicts being martial. Military history is pretty much my primary field...I know the illusory modern stereotype. My point is that the image of homsexuals being soft and the alteration in Renly's character in the show go step in step in the same direction, leading to the same stereotype of flamboyant, sensitive but ultimately weak/soft homosexual.
486	dtones520	2012-04-16	Completely agree, book Renly is a confident, almost arrogant man that definitely shows attraction to women and some straight tendencies. This is a case of shock value for the HBO series- just like the Ros scenes.  Both are equally inaccurate and corny IMO.When did Renly ever have straight tendencies in the book? He was arrogant and very flashy, but nowhere did you ever see him hitting on women in the books. It was always heavily implied that he was gay.
487	James Arryn	2012-04-16	Being Gay is probably fine with the vast majority of the population of Westeros and Essos.In the book, I agree.
488	episodenone	2012-04-16	I think you are completely misunderstanding my point.Which is not that being gay contradicts being martial. Military history is pretty much my primary field...I know the illusory modern stereotype.My point is that the image of homsexuals being soft and the alteration in Renly's character in the show go step in step in the same direction, leading to the same stereotype of flamboyant, sensitive but ultimately weak/soft homosexual.and of course -- there are warriors we will see down the road that are the best of the best so they say...Like I said earlier -- I think most are missing the point.Being Gay in Westeros is not necessarily a bad thing at all -- it's the fact that he isn't making a Baby [read: Son] that is the problem.
489	episodenone	2012-04-16	In the book, I agree.ah - I see.  perhaps there is that difference in the book vs the show.  i guess i may have overlooked that.  it would be subtle i assume.and the show does have loras say "they are sniggering.... the queen is still a virgin"which could be the sentiment that renly is gay... or just a scaredy cat himself
490	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	You can still father children despite being gayGosh thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like saying a guy can still have sex with other guys sometimes, despite being straight.Which, of course, is also perfectly true.Remember that â<U+0080><U+009C>gayâ<U+0080><U+009D> and even â<U+0080><U+009C>straightâ<U+0080><U+009D> are modern conventions. They didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t exist in ancient or medieval times. They arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t either of them even particularly useful, except perhaps if youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re trying to get laid and think you need to advertise.  All that exists are people and actions, which vary extraordinarily across time and circumstance even within the same individual. I do in fact know â<U+0080><U+009C>gayâ<U+0080><U+009D> men who sometimes have sex with women, and â<U+0080><U+009C>straightâ<U+0080><U+009D> men who sometimes have sex with other men. Artificial labels donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t define people. People will be people, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all. I never thought of Renly as a swishy stereotypical queen, and he is neither that in the books nor in the TV show.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just a regular guy, young and personable, who happens to have a relationship right now with another young man â<U+0080><U+0094> and whose sister he ends up marrying.  Sure, that sounds a bit awkward, but everyone involved is smart enough that it could work. And yes, I do know of several real-world situations a lot like that. In one case, one guy dated his ex-girlfriendâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brother, and everyone was cool with it; in fact, he later became the godfather of the girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s child once she had married and progenated. In another, a guy later became um â<U+0080><U+009C>very good friendsâ<U+0080><U+009D> with his boyfriendâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ex-girlfriend, dating her himself for a time later on.  Those are real situations.  They do happen.  People are people. Times change. Tastes change.  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fair to stick labels on people and tell them what they can and cannot do based on those labels. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s even worse to try to characterize them with stereotypes. All that matters is the person. Just ask the Red Viper.
491	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	Since he wasn't in the Pycelle shaving scene, does anyone know what happened to the actor that played Shagga last season?
492	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	There isn't much "curious" about the actress name and a character with some name that is distantly related.The book was written 15?  20 years ago?  Long before the actress was involved methinks.Sorry, perhaps I chose the wrong words. I just find it an interesting connection to the topic, one purely  coincidental of course, that Margery and Maisie have the same starting point.  Both ultimately hearken back to margarita, which means not daisy but pearl.
493	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Well, loosing to the Hand is still honorable, considering the four final opponents: the Clegane Brothers, Jaime and Loras... I guess book-Renly was still one hell of a warrior.Then, there is something this episode foreshadows I'm so eager to see, or, hear:Weese, Dunsen, Chiswyck, Polliver, Raff the Sweetling. The Tickler and the Hound. Ser Gregor, Ser Armory, Ser Ilyn, Ser Meryn, King Joffrey, Queen Cersei...Even if I guess, Dunsen, Chiswyck, Raff, the Tickler and Ser Meryn will be left out of it for the show... dunno about Weese, still...But that leaves quite a short list...The preview for next week, http://www.youtube.c...h?v=HC_tKUCPCR8, clearly contains a scene involving Arya and Gendry and some kind of torture. So those names, or at least some of them, will certainly make the list.
494	ace	2012-04-16	I think you are completely misunderstanding my point.Which is not that being gay contradicts being martial. Military history is pretty much my primary field...I know the illusory modern stereotype.My point is that the image of homsexuals being soft and the alteration in Renly's character in the show go step in step in the same direction, leading to the same stereotype of flamboyant, sensitive but ultimately weak/soft homosexual.I see. Well I do somewhat agree with that. Book Renly is also described as being big and strong, as big as Robert was. And I'm not sure Book Renly would be as influenced by Loras, who practically pushes Renly to declare himself king. That said while Book Renly might be an effective warrior as he's good in everything he does, he's not described as particularly martial or some macho hard man. Not someone who loves a fight. In fact the book plays up this contrast between him and Stannis the hard nosed fighter, and even Robert who loves a good fight, a good drink and a good wench for dessert.
495	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	When did Renly ever have straight tendencies in the book? He was arrogant and very flashy, but nowhere did you ever see him hitting on women in the books. It was always heavily implied that he was gay.He talks about impregnating women- specifically Margery Tyrell.  Sounds pretty straight to me.  Also, he spoke about her being hot.Wearing flashy clothes is overrated as a "sign" of gayness.
496	episodenone	2012-04-16	I see. Well I do somewhat agree with that. Book Renly is also described as being big and strong, as big as Robert was. And I'm not sure Book Renly would be as influenced by Loras, who practically pushes Renly to declare himself king. That said while Book Renly might be an effective warrior as he's good in everything he does, he's not described as particularly martial or some macho hard man. Not someone who loves a fight. In fact the book plays up this contrast between him and Stannis the hard nosed fighter, and even Robert who loves a good fight, a good drink and a good wench for dessert.It's been a while -- but I remember Loras having a strong influence on Renly -- and I don;t remember him supposed to be as Large as Robert.   Am I just hazy on those memories?And they certainly set up Renly last season with the being squeamish and hating to hunt - so this is clearly the direction they intended.  Not just something that happened in this episode.Aslo - maybe it's hard to notice -- but I do think Renly acted in the show as though he realizes how stunning Marg is -- just doesn;t really want to go there.  I mean - a moment ago Loras says he's gonna go get his sister, she turns up half naked - and he seems to be impressed with her -- yet maybe is just scared to upset the apple cart with his lover?
497	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I don't disagree.  But Sansa has been traumatized.  As others have observed, did you notice how much she looked like Cersei this episode?  She is doing her best to identify herself with her captors, to make herself less vulnerable.  She is saying all the "right" words.  Hence the importance of Sansa's scene with Shae.  She is desperately looking for an ally.  Tonight's episode brilliantly and subtly expressed the plight of poor Sansa.She started wearing in the Southron way on tv last season. I believe Ned notices in the AGoT and thinks that Cat would not like it or she changes it before they leave Winterfell and Cat doesn't like it.  I don't have the book near to research it.
498	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I know. What the hell are 'tiddies'?Very small tides, I think ...Not sure?
499	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Although the Sansa/Shae was forced, book Sansa herself did think to herself how sullen and sulky Shae was. She caught "looks" out of the corner of her eye, or somesuch.From a non-reader perspective, the Myrcella selling scene was confusing.  My gf said "but wait, did he just promise her to 3 different people?  Why?"   So I had to explain it.   I think we've lost a great deal of the reasoning behind Tyrion's actions, even if the scene was well done.  Missed him ticking off his fingers, though.It was quite obvious, actually. Trying to root out the spy.
500	legba11	2012-04-16	Craster can't kill Jon.  It is one thing to beat him around a bit and kick them out.  Killing a brother would likely mean the end of Craster.  His house, his rules, but he has one small axe, and there are 200? armed brothers there. Their allowance of him is because he helps them.  (and he profits greatly from this)  He knows he would be dead in a second if he really makes a heavy move. (look at what happens later)
501	James Arryn	2012-04-16	That said while Book Renly might be an effective warrior as he's good in everything he does, he's not described as particularly martial or some macho hard man. Not someone who loves a fight. In fact the book plays up this contrast between him and Stannis the hard nosed fighter, and even Robert who loves a good fight, a good drink and a good wench for dessert.Wenching, food and drink, yeah, but even Renly's wiki description mentions that he enjoys fighting (tourneys) and hunting. That's what I mean. Much more a man's man in the classical sense than in the sense they chose to emphasize.
502	7V3N	2012-04-16	Over 300 notifications. Thanks guys /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I am glad to see that, as was the case with me, this episode revived the excitement for the show that most of us didn't feel after the first two episodes.
503	dtones520	2012-04-16	He talks about impregnating women- specifically Margery Tyrell.  Sounds pretty straight to me.  Also, he spoke about her being hot.Wearing flashy clothes is overrated as a "sign" of gayness.A gay man cant get a woman pregnant or find one "hot"? News to me. Also he is saying those things to someone, why wouldnt he say those things about his attractive wife? Renly isnt stupid, im sure he knows people know about him and Loras. But, especially in that society, has to lead on that he is straight and making babies with his wife.Littlefinger also says he took Cats maidenhead in the book, is that true as well? No.
504	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	To pick up on a pronunciation thing...I was disconcerted by how Margaery pronounced her family's last name - something like "Tirrel".  I've always pronounced it "Tie-Rell" or to that effect.That's it for now, maybe I'll check back in later if there's more actual discussion of the episode and less trolling back and forth.It makes sense because Tyrion is not pronounced Tie-rion.
505	James Arryn	2012-04-16	A gay man cant get a woman pregnant or find one "hot"? News to me.Also he is saying those things to someone, why wouldnt he say those things about his attractive wife? Renly isnt stupid, im sure he knows people know about him and Loras. But, especially in that society, has to lead on that he is straight and making babies with his wife.Littlefinger also says he took Cats maidenhead in the book, is that true as well? No.Again, I don't think 'this society' is homophobic, or even really makes exclusionary sexual definitions.Most societies didn't in history. Really only beginning with Judeo-Christian and then onto Muslim cultures.We tend to misunderstand this...as in, other cultures were 'ok' with being gay, or more 'tolerant' or whatever, when the point is tolerance or being ok with it never really came up. It wasn't an issue, and being gay wasn't an either/or thing.It would be discussed only in terms of how different manifestations of heterosexuality are discussed now; promiscuity vs. chastity, dominant vs. submissive, etc. Not 'are you gay or are you straight' and the acceptance or rejection of the former.And in that Westeros wasn't ever influenced by Judeo-Christianity, my sense is they don't really draw hard lines there either. Not in the books.For example, Oberynn's fairly open bisexuality doesn't seem to cause any confusion for failure to conform to one group or another. It's mentioned like any other taste.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 01:39 PM.
506	howland_reed	2012-04-16	Regarding Sansa/Shae...
I know others would have preferred more screentime for Sansa/Hound or even establish Sansa's relationship to Dontos before people even forget who this guy was from the pilot...
But let's not forget that Sansa doesn't exactly escape King's Landing until late in Book 3, after Joffrey's wedding.  And we may not even see that in season 3.
So there's still a lot of time to develop Sansa and tell her character arc over the next two seasons before she ultimately escapes.  And also having Shae as her handmaiden will make the juxtaposition even more interesting when Sansa becomes betrothed to Tyrion.
507	IronSuitor	2012-04-16	For example, Oberynn's fairly open bisexuality doesn't seem to cause any confusion for failure to conform to one group or another. It's mentioned like any other taste.You have an odd definition of open. For a guy who carts his bastards and mistresses around and revels in his reputation as a poison wielding scoundrel, he actually is very discreet about his male affairs. The only reason we know about them is because other people tell stories about them, as if they were something salacious on par with his use of poison.
508	Chise	2012-04-16	A great episode overall: Tyrion owned every second of his camera time, Theon and Greyjoys were fantastic, Sam & Gilly scene ... they need more of those!  Brienne was.. just... proper adjective to describe my many feelings not yet invented
the only problem - Shae
Can someone please explain to me why Tyrion still hasn't slapped her bitch-ass off the highest tower? I wasn't exactly a fan of her in the books, but at least book-Shae was sweet in all her airhead~ness and could sound lovey-dovey to her Lion of Lannister when needed.... tv-Shae is nothing but rude!
She couldn't even be passably polite in her new handmaid job to Sansa
					
					
							Edited by Chise, 16 April 2012 - 01:54 PM.
509	ace	2012-04-16	It's been a while -- but I remember Loras having a strong influence on Renly -- and I don;t remember him supposed to be as Large as Robert.   Am I just hazy on those memories?And they certainly set up Renly last season with the being squeamish and hating to hunt - so this is clearly the direction they intended.  Not just something that happened in this episode.Aslo - maybe it's hard to notice -- but I do think Renly acted in the show as though he realizes how stunning Marg is -- just doesn;t really want to go there.  I mean - a moment ago Loras says he's gonna go get his sister, she turns up half naked - and he seems to be impressed with her -- yet maybe is just scared to upset the apple cart with his lover?He was definitely described as big as Robert. In fact Renly looked a lot like a young Robert, before he got fat. And I don't remember Loras as having any influence on Renly at all. In fact while Loras absolutely adored Renly I don't remember Renly taking any special notice of Loras at all in the book.I don't remember Renly saying anything specific about hunting in the book, but if I had to guess what Book Renly would think about it, I think he wouldn't enjoy it much or want to waste his time on it, though if he did it he'd probably be very good at it.Wenching, food and drink, yeah, but even Renly's wiki description mentions that he enjoys fighting (tourneys) and hunting.That's what I mean. Much more a man's man in the classical sense than in the sense they chose to emphasize.I don't remember that from the book and the wiki has no source. The book does have Renly saying about â<U+0080><U+009C>My royal brother loves tournaments and feasts,â<U+0080><U+009D>about Robert like it's not something he loves.Then there is  â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Renly spends more on clothing than half the ladies of the court.â<U+0080><U+009D> orâ<U+0080><U+009C>They are quite a pair, Stannis and Renly. The iron gauntlet and the silk glove.â<U+0080><U+009D> or "Even as a boy, Renly had loved bright colors and rich fabrics" All of which looks pretty stereotypical.
					
					
							Edited by ace, 16 April 2012 - 01:51 PM.
510	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-04-16	I was reading earlier, but the pages built up faster than I can follow haha.  Anyways- my thoughts on a few issues raised in this thread
re:  Why didn't Craster kill Jon?  It might be that, whatever else Craster does with his get, he still abides by the Guest Rights, which seem to be particularly important to the old gods of the north.  He might not be able to kill Jon, without violating guest rights.  Even though Jon followed him, he's still eaten there, and is protected until he leaves.
re:  Lommy/Gendry/Lorch/Etc.  I think it works, as a method of cutting through some ultimately extraneous moving about on the part of Arya&co.  I do think its a bit clunky though, and doesn't hold up too well to scrutiny.  In the book, Lorch never identifies himself, or which king he's for before burning the holdfast.  When Arya&co are later caught be the Mountain, he's not looking for Gendry anyways.  Gendry thus is able to stay pretty well under the radar.  Expecting Lommy 'I Yield' Greenhands to pass as a much older boy, and a smith's apprentice to boot, stretches the suspension of disbelief.  I would have thought Lorch would be cut, honestly.  Lorch,Hoat&Clegane (L.L.C) are all doing the same basic thing in the Riverlands.  The Mountain is too important to cut, and it seems Hoat has several things to do that require him to be present, Bloody Mummers and all.  Seems like we could have worked around Lorch more than anyone else- all he has to do is burn out the holdfast, then get eaten by a bear.
re: Yara&theGreyjoys.  I'm reserving judgment on Yara until we see a bit more of her as a character, and less as a set piece.  Most of her scenes have her just standing around, not doing much so far.  I agree with a previous poster who mentioned its a problem in the eyes- they aren't hungry enough.  Families have certain personality types that repeat themselves in this world.  More than one Baratheon is shown to be an id driven glory hound- from the Laughing Storm to King Robert, First of His Name.  The Greyjoys exhibit a few types, also.  Aeron (pre-damphair), Euron, Theon (pre-Reek), and Asha were all fond of teasing, bragging, bravado, etc.  Asha is more like the Crow's Eye than she cares to admit, and less like either Balon or Victarion, or the new Damphair.  I would expect her to be more fiery.  Quicker of wit,  and sharper of tongue.  She's got time to come into the role, though.
re:  Ms. Tyrell.  I like her.  I always thought she was more involved than Sansa realized, or Cersei could suss out.  With the age-up factor considered, its only natural that she's a player of the game.  She is where Sansa will be, once Littlefinger gets his little fingers on her.  Her willingness to include Loras in producing a royal heir is a nice parallel to Jamie&Cersei, I think.  Ambition will make monsters of us all, it seems.
re:  Renly&Loras deep in prayer.  Much ado about nothing.  Risque, perhaps by the social mores of a by-gone era.  To be honest, I like that HBO, and B&W, took the risk.  Even if its not to my taste, aesthetically speaking.
511	DirePenguin	2012-04-16	What is that thing that Sam gave Gilly? I tried to look at it but I have no idea. How do you use that thing when you stitch?
					
					
							Edited by DirePenguin, 16 April 2012 - 01:48 PM.
512	ViennaGirl	2012-04-16	I winced during the Shae/Sansa scene, I think because even book Shae wouldn't mouth off to Sansa so blatantly. I think Sansa's reaction to Shae's forwardness and cluelessness was exactly right - someone like Sansa, who's had maids and servants her whole life, probably wouldn't even be able to imagine that a maid wouldn't know what she was doing. Sansa probably thinks poor girls are just born knowing how to serve. I thought Shae was way too forward, though, even for a pretty forward and scheming character.
Asha and Theon - After two episodes, I'm a huge Gemma fan! She doesn't look like I picture Asha, but I LOVE her voice and her inflection. It's completely different than I imagined, but it works really well for me. The show is doing a great job bringing the Ironborn to life, and Theon's horrible future is making my skin crawl as I watch him pass his decision points. It wasn't quite so dramatic in the book for me with Theon's mental state. Until later, obviously.
And Yoren..sigh. Love him in the book, loved him in the show. GRRM killed him off way too soon!
513	Merrett Frey	2012-04-16	but two prostitutes rehearsing never gets old and two men kissing is just kinda "why bother?"Your privilege is showing. Speaking for myself, rehearsing prostitutes got old real fast.
514	Arkash	2012-04-16	What is that thing that Sam gave Gilly? I tried to look at it but I have no idea. How do you use that thing when you stitch?A thimble! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 16 April 2012 - 01:58 PM.
515	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	Did anyone else think that as well as a nice metaphor about Tyrion and a lovely Allegory on Power, Varys' much previewed speech at the end was a clue (to the audience and to Tyrion) that Littlefinger was a player in Ned's execution? (Small man casting a large shadow, who was to blame for Ned's death, just after Tyrion has made LF look foolish then sent him on a vital mission...)
516	James Arryn	2012-04-16	He was definitely described as big as Robert. In fact Renly looked a lot like a young Robert, before he got fat. And I don't remember Loras as having any influence on Renly at all. In fact while Loras absolutely adored Renly I don't remember Renly taking any special notice of Loras at all in the book.I don't remember Renly saying anything specific about hunting in the book, but if I had to guess what Book Renly would think about it, I think he wouldn't enjoy it much or want to waste his time on it, though if he did it he'd probably be very good at it.I don't remember that from the book and the wiki has no source.Can't speak to source, just the consistency with the other aspects.The book does have Renly saying aboutâ<U+0080><U+009C>My royal brother loves tournaments and feasts,â<U+0080><U+009D>about Robert like it's not something he loves.Yeah, but was wasn't that meant more in the passive context, as in how tourney are like feasts? Can you give me the context?Then there is  â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Renly spends more on clothing than half the ladies of the court.â<U+0080><U+009D> orâ<U+0080><U+009C>They are quite a pair, Stannis and Renly. The iron gauntlet and the silk glove.â<U+0080><U+009D> or "Even as a boy, Renly had loved bright colors and rich fabrics" All of which looks pretty stereotypical.I don't agree. Look at the list of great warriors. Jaime's golden armor, Tywin dresses magnificently. Pretty much every great Targ/Blackfyre warrior dressed to excess.You're applying modern standards...where dressing to impress (in certain cultures/areas) can connote homosexual or effeminate leanings...with medieval ones, wherein it was pretty much the standard way for nobility to outwardly distinguish themselves, and the monarchs/nobles who were considered great at public relations were almost always considered to place a high priority on how they dressed.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 16 April 2012 - 02:10 PM.
517	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-16	Speaking for myself, rehearsing prostitutes got old real fast.Agreed.It's funny how some guys can't place themselves inside anyone's head but their own. Especially since even the most elementary observation would show him that straight women and gay men exist.It's like someone who hates cake wondering why a bakery opened up nearby since "No-one likes that stuff anyway."
518	Arya The Assassin	2012-04-16	Good acting overall and several good scenes, just like in the previous episodes. I have mixed feelings about Natalie Dormer, though. In terms of performance, she seems to be at least a decent choice (based on the few scenes she appeared in), but her scenes didn't work too well, IMO. In fact, I'd have preferred a bit less nudity, because the focus is shifted away from the performance and the core of the scene. I think a less direct approach would've worked better. This episode was slightly better written than the first two episodes, although it wasn't as exciting as the second one.Good:Brienne! Her size, mannerisms and her looks is spot on. The character seems a bit stiff and dry, but I think that's deliberate, because that's the impression I got from the character in the book as well. It remains to be seen if the actor can manage to bring out some of the edginess and sadness of the character, though.The scene with Bran Stark and Luwin. Well written and good acting from these guys, as usual.  Nice subjective shooting.The sequence in which Tyrion outwits Pycelle. Interesting editing work there.The scene with Theon and Balon Greyjoy. Malahide is without doubt (at least IMO), one of the best additions to the cast in season 2.The last sequence. A short, but well-acted scene by Maisie and the leader of the group (don't remember his name). Cool fighting scenes and a nice cliffhanger.Bad:Not too enthusiastic about the love scene with Renly and Loras. The scene with Renly and Margaery wasn't too 'erotic' or sexy either, as mentioned earlier. But to be fair, I find 'love' scenes in general to be rather boring and too direct.Shae's scenes. It's hard to come up with a rational explanation here, but I simply don't like the attitude of the character. Although the acting isn't terrible, it's not particularly good either, IMO. In many  ways, I feel Sibel is miscast in her role.I'd rate this episode 7 out of 10. I still think the second episode has been the best so far. But the show was never boring (my interest dropped just a bit in some of the weaker scenes).So far the beginning of season one has been a bit stronger than season two, but I hope this season will improve as the 'expository/introductory' stuff starts to give way to more conflicts and intrigue. Last year, I seem to remember that after a strong beginning, it dropped a little bit, but by mid-season it got better and better again, and they managed to keep up the quality all the way to the last episode.
					
					
							Edited by Arya The Assassin, 16 April 2012 - 02:28 PM.
519	ace	2012-04-16	Can't speak to source, just the consistency with the other aspects.Yeah, but was wasn't that meant more in the passive context, as in how tourney are like feasts? Can you give me the context?It was in an Eddard chapter where the small council discusses the Hand's tourney. Here's a fuller quote:"Littlefinger gave a shrug. â<U+0080><U+009C>The master of coin finds the money. The king and the Hand spend it.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I will not believe that Jon Arryn allowed Robert to beggar the realm,â<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said hotly.Grand Maester Pycelle shook his great bald head, his chains clinking softly. â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Arryn was a prudent man, but I fear that His Grace does not always listen to wise counsel.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>My royal brother loves tournaments and feasts,â<U+0080><U+009D> Renly Baratheon said, â<U+0080><U+009C>and he loathes what he calls â<U+0080>counting coppers.â<U+0080><U+0099> â<U+0080><U+009C>â<U+0080><U+009C>I will speak with His Grace,â<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said. â<U+0080><U+009C>This tourney is an extravagance the realm cannot afford.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Speak to him as you will,â<U+0080><U+009D> Lord Renly said, â<U+0080><U+009C>we had still best make our plans.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Another day,â<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said. Perhaps too sharply, from the looks they gave him. He would have to remember that he was no longer in Winterfell, where only the king stood higher; here, he was but first among equals. â<U+0080><U+009C>Forgive me, my lords,â<U+0080><U+009D> he said in a softer tone. â<U+0080><U+009C>I am tired. Let us call a halt for today and resume when we are fresher.â<U+0080><U+009D> He did not ask for their consent, but stood abruptly, nodded at them all, and made for the door."My impression is that Renly is quite condescending about Robert's desires and it's not something he personally loves.[font=arial, helvetica, sans-serif]I don't agree. Look at the list of great warriors. Jaime's golden armor, Tywin dresses magnificently. Pretty much every great Targ/Blackfyre warrior dressed to excess.You're applying modern standards...where dressing to impress can connote homosexual or effeminate leanings...with medieval ones, wherein it was pretty much the standard way for nobility to outwardly distinguish themselves, and the monarchs/nobles who were considered great at public relations were almost always considered to place a high priority on how they dressed.Jaime and Tywin are Lannisters. They "shit gold". Same for the Targs, it was important for their image, There are many warriors who are described differently, the Cleganes, Stannis, Robert, Lord Beric, Bronn, the Kingsguard etc. All are described as simply dressed. And we're not talking about Renly's armor here though there also Renly is described as caring more about aesthetics than function. He simply buys a lot of colorful soft silk outfits.We also have Stannis saying "What has Renly ever done to earn a throne? He sits in council and jests with Littlefinger, and at tourneys he dons his splendid suit of armor and allows himself to be knocked off his horse by a better man. That is the sum of my brother Renly, who thinks he ought to be a king. I ask you, why did the gods inflict me with brothers?â<U+0080><U+009D>Now even considering that Stannis is a bitter old man ranting about Renly that still suggests Renly is hardly a great warrior.Edited to add: And yes I'm applying modern standards, or should I say stereotypes and that's the point, because they are in the book. And various different people repeatedly describe Renly with these modern gay stereotypes.
					
					
							Edited by ace, 16 April 2012 - 02:37 PM.
520	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Bronn shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be dressed in his old sellsword outfit. As captain of the city watch, he should be wearing the  Goldcloaksâ<U+0080><U+0099> uniform.  Weird.
521	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	It's funny how some guys can't place themselves inside anyone's head but their own. Especially since even the most elementary observation would show him that straight women and gay men exist.It's like someone who hates cake wondering why a bakery opened up nearby since "No-one likes that stuff anyway."The funny thing is that women are always checking each other out, noticing whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s good-looking and all, has a fine figure and face, nice clothes, carries herself well, and all that, tacitly comparing the woman theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re looking at with their own gifts or accoutrements in that regard. This happens all the time, and any woman will tell you as much.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s human nature.The funny thing isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that men donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do that. They do.  The funny thing is that almost no man will ever admit that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re doing this too, even though of course they very much are. They refuse to acknowledge that some men are better looking then others, or have more charisma and sex appeal â<U+0080><U+0094> that is, that men are themselves capable of being attractive.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ridiculous, because they pretend that they themselves are ugly and repulsive. That canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be good for oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mental health.  Think about it.Women certainly donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have these stupid hangups that American men pretend to have. Women arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t afraid to admire another womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s beauty. That doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mean they want to jump in the sack with them!  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just acknowledging othersâ<U+0080><U+0099> humanity.  Why so many insecure American men never reach even that minimal stage of self-awareness and development, I have no idea. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sad, really.If theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re so hung-up about menâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bodies being gross and disgusting, how can they love themselves? Perhaps this is why men, especially young men just coming into the habit, are so often ridiculously guilt-ridden about their own masturbation, since theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re clearly using something they pretend to loathe to pleasure themselves with, which sets up a wicked cognitive dissonance. It is, after all, a manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hand on their own man-cock that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re getting off on, even though they pretend all cocks are somehow gross and unattractive even though they so love their own. Guilt city.  Again, not a very mentally healthy situation; not at all.
522	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	To be fair, we are not all like that- I will happily recommend pretty men to my female housemates but I am completely straight
523	BlackTalon	2012-04-16	I wish they wouldnÂ´t make every kissing scene sound like somebody was ripping slugs off a window pane ...
524	James Arryn	2012-04-16	â<U+0080><U+009C>My royal brother loves tournaments and feasts,â<U+0080><U+009D> Renly Baratheon said, â<U+0080><U+009C>and he loathes what he calls â<U+0080>counting coppers.â<U+0080><U+0099> â<U+0080><U+009C>My impression is that Renly is quite condescending about Robert's desires and it's not something he personally loves.Well, all I can say is we read this very differently. I think he's contrasting action vs. accountability, which was the subject they were all kind of talking about. I didn't get the first part as indicating distaste or whatever at all. Jaime and Tywin are Lannisters. They "shit gold". Same for the Targs, it was important for their image,Right, is my point. It's an important part of medieval statecraft. It is one of the most reliable methods of winning popularity. It's the equivlent of modern commercials/billboards, etc.  There are many warriors who are described differently, the Cleganes, Stannis, Robert, Lord Beric, Bronn,Again, none of these are considered good at statecraft, if they're involved in it at all. And Robert wasn't known for dressing particularly one way or another that I can recall.the Kingsguard etc.?Disagree. Think about the notion of pure white cloth in that age. And what that means, in a practical sense. All are described as simply dressed. And we're not talking about Renly's armor here though there also Renly is described as caring more about aesthetics than function.'More'? You may be right, but I can't recall examples, but I would say the same is true for Tywin, Jaime, etc. Unless there is some benefit to huge heavy red cloaks or golden or enameled armor. He simply buys a lot of colorful soft silk outfits.Agreed. And as noted re: Theon, that's not a feminie/gay thing, it's a Westerosi thing. We also have Stannis saying "What has Renly ever done to earn a throne? He sits in council and jests with Littlefinger, and at tourneys he dons his splendid suit of armor and allows himself to be knocked off his horse by a better man. That is the sum of my brother Renly, who thinks he ought to be a king. I ask you, why did the gods inflict me with brothers?â<U+0080><U+009D>Now even considering that Stannis is a bitter old man ranting about Renly that still suggests Renly is hardly a great warrior.I don't think we can discount how unreliable Stannis is as a source for this kind of thing. Not that I think he's lying, but that his standards are recognized as abnormal for his time/status.
525	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-16	Not sure if it's been pointed out yet, but in the shot of him staring after Arya after she gives him the hatchet, Jaqen's split hair color is pretty damn noticable... and it looks good.
526	wolverine	2012-04-16	The funny thing is that women are always checking each other out, noticing whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s good-looking and all, has a fine figure and face, nice clothes, carries herself well, and all that, tacitly comparing the woman theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re looking at with their own gifts or accoutrements in that regard. This happens all the time, and any woman will tell you as much.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s human nature.The funny thing isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that men donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do that. They do.  The funny thing is that almost no man will ever admit that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re doing this too, even though of course they very much are. They refuse to acknowledge that some men are better looking then others, or have more charisma and sex appeal â<U+0080><U+0094> that is, that men are themselves capable of being attractive.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ridiculous, because they pretend that they themselves are ugly and repulsive. That canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be good for oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mental health.  Think about it.Women certainly donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have these stupid hangups that American men pretend to have. Women arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t afraid to admire another womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s beauty. That doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mean they want to jump in the sack with them!  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just acknowledging othersâ<U+0080><U+0099> humanity.  Why so many insecure American men never reach even that minimal stage of self-awareness and development, I have no idea. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sad, really.I would say that most people would probably describe me as a manly man and I am definitely an American.  If I am around my wife I will comment whether or not I think a guy is attractive, but you are right around other guys I would probably not make the same comments that I would when alone with my wife or around other women.
527	int11	2012-04-16	Could someone point out what exactly Theon's letter said? I didn't catch it.(Edit: Sorry, I missed AquariumDrinker's post!)Robb,I hope this reaches you in time. My father has rejected the offer and plans to attack the North, raiding the shores and taking Deepwood Motte. Mobilize your army and make for the North before it's too late. I'll write again when I can.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 16 April 2012 - 03:21 PM.
528	ace	2012-04-16	Well, all I can say is we read this very differently. I think he's contrasting action vs. accountability, which was the subject they were all kind of talking about. I didn't get the first part as indicating distaste or whatever at all.Right, is my point. It's an important part of medieval statecraft. It is one of the most reliable methods of winning popularity. It's the equivlent of modern commercials/billboards, etc.  Again, none of these are considered good at statecraft, if they're involved in it at all. And Robert wasn't known for dressing particularly one way or another that I can recall.?Disagree. Think about the notion of pure white cloth in that age. And what that means, in a practical sense.'More'? You may be right, but I can't recall examples, but I would say the same is true for Tywin, Jaime, etc. Unless there is some benefit to huge heavy red cloaks or golden or enameled armor.Agreed. And as noted re: Theon, that's not a feminie/gay thing, it's a Westerosi thing.I don't think we can discount how unreliable Stannis is as a source for this kind of thing. Not that I think he's lying, but that his standards are recognized as abnormal for his time/status.But these aren't smallfolk commenting on Renly's clothes. These are LF, Varys and Stannis, they are all nobles themselves all good at state craft and all described as well dressed, and they saw fit to comment specifically on Renly's fashion sense and not in the context of a discussion on fashion but in the context of discussing Renly's personality. All describe him with with words like soft, silky, pretty colors. In fact while in the lands beyond the narrow sea we do have many men including warriors described as dressed in colourful silky clothes in Westeros it's exceptionally rare. Only Renly and maybe Varys are routinely described this way. Tywin and Jaime's armor incidentally is described as very impressive, expensive, imperious maybe. But not colourful.Renly is also described as clean shaven unlike most other men, with long soft hair which he often brushes. Bottom line is Renly unlike any other noble in the book is often described by other nobles with typical modern gay stereotypes, and I can't remember any description of him suggesting stereotypical "macho" or "manly" desires.
529	Rockroi	2012-04-16	CrypticWeirwood:
When I read your posts about men and sexuality etc I am reminded of that scene in Great Muppet Caper where Kermit is depressed and the actor Peter Faulk sits down next to him and claims- without a hint of irony -that he knows exactly what Kermit is went through.  He then details this elaborate story about a cleaning business and lost love and failed businesses all with exquisite detail. 
When he's done, Kermit looks up at him and says what I feel when I read what you are saying, "You know, its amazing; you are 100% wrong.  I mean nothing you have said is even remotely true." 
Faulk then tries to sell Kermit a watch. 
I find your massive, overly simplistuic sterotypes of men and women to be parodies of reality and not real; certainly not based on facts.  I find their application to this discussion to be overly shrill, patronzing and arrogant.  Had a man said anything you said they would be labled a mysoginist and we'd have a good old fashined "[mod] We do not accept sexism here [/mod]" response. 
Here si the thing: men do not care enough about the way other men look to anby discernable degree.  Do we notice a man in very good shape?  Sure.  I have stared at Tyrell Ownes' abs and Manny Paccio's pecks for a long time; I think Tom Brady is handsome and find John Hamm to be the type of sexapeal I would kill to emulate.  Otherwise?  Yeah, unless you are trying to get into my Wife's pants I don't care.  Most men do not.  Your description of our own personal images are grotesquely misshapen.  We hate ourselves?  Really?  Generally, no.  We have bad images of ourselves?  Not generall, no.  We are absued by imagery which makes us hatre masterbation?  Ah... have you ever listened to Tori Amos?  That women felt shame for masetrbating (see her song Icicle). 
I generally find your comments as an attemt to start a fight and for better or worse I have taken the bait.  The problem is that I find your attention to this topic a wee bit arrogant and unhelpful. 
But hey- you got what you wanted.
530	legba11	2012-04-16	I wish they wouldnÂ´t make every kissing scene sound like somebody was ripping slugs off a window pane ...They must be using the same Foley guy who makes all their hummers sound like someone drinking from a dog bowl.
531	hoelk	2012-04-16	Shea is great, i don't understand why everyone's hating her. I like it better and find it more believable then the book version. Yes. she is a bit of an annoying bitch but that's the character.
All the Renly/Loras/Margery stuff was just perfect. I think its great how the show manages to show us stuff out in the open that we didn't get in the book because of missing POVs. For the novels that worked fine and it was cool to have to "discover" things, but i'm sure for a tv show it just has to be less subtle.
532	Silent Assassin	2012-04-16	i think that the episode was great, i don't like the part shae/sansa, because that's not to happen in this part of the history, other thing will be with littlefinger and catelyn, because in the book never show that part, but i hope that the history of the book don't change in the episode
533	hoelk	2012-04-16	One mor thing, anyone else been dissapointed by Lora's armor? Didn't he have a quite amazing Loras-typical armor in the first season and now it was just something boringly generic? I didn't even recognize him at first (though i knew it must be him)
534	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-16	Luckily, im almost certain that Renly will get the shadow treatment in the next episode and all the hate comments will subside.
535	howland_reed	2012-04-16	The problem I have with the show-version of Shae is that the way she acts (more entitled and demanding) completely changes her relationship with Tyrion.  Watching it, it makes me wonder why he's even putting up with her.
In the books, Shae was portrayed more as this overly submissive minx who would placate Tyrion.  This might seem demeaning to women in general, or Tyrion's taste in women, but it really wasn't.
Tyrion was a man who was jaded by his past experience with Tysha.  He was a dwarf who believed that he would never find true love and could only find comfort in the bed of whores.  But he was absolutely taken with Shae because she was such a good actress for a whore.  Even if he suspected (or deep down he knew) that she was putting on a farce, she could still make him believe that she was head over heels in love with him, even if only in the moment.  Which is what made her betrayal (as well as Bronn's) more hurtful to him.  He so wanted to believe that she was with him for more reasons than money or power, but as soon as she found someone with more money and more power, she left him.
I just don't see any of those strands of their relationship on the show.
536	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-16	In regards to Shea and Sansa, and I'm sorry if I repeat something, because i have not read this whole thread, here are my thoughts:
Shea is kind of a lame character. The acting may be part of it. Sometimes people with a strong accent can be a little hard to read if you can't get into the rythym of how they speak, so I will allow for a little of that. But, I will be really disappointed if there is not some kind of pay off for her mysterious background. Also, it does not make sense that she grew up in any sort of noble household, because whether she was a lady or a servant, she would have a good idea of what a handmaiden does, even if she is not good at doing it.
As far as how Sansa acts in the scene with Shae, I don't think her behavior was that bad. She has to be asking hereself why Cersei would send her a completely ignorant hadmaiden. The Lanisters are probably the most sophisticated house in Westeros, and Sansa is betrothed to the King. She has to believe this is not an accident, which it isn't. She probably can think of no good reason she would get a servant like this, which only leave her more unsettled. The servant does not act like a servent either. An actual sevant in this position would be humble, scared, and would be begging her lady's pardon. So Sansa has to be feeling that she is being screwed with in another new way. So she can either act like she is scared of some new trap, or go the more defiant route and say just screw it.
537	legba11	2012-04-16	Show Renly is definitely softer than book Renly.  I can't see how that can even be debated.  Physically, he is described as the mirror image of a young Robert, he was a massive warrior.On the show, he is thin and fairly small.  The whole fear of blood thing was just weird.  The impression I get from the show is that he is unwilling to engage in the fight for the throne.  That was certainly not the case in the books.  The impression of book Renly was that he was enjoyig the process of going to war too much.  When you couple that with the open homosexuality (where Martin was afraid to make it open in the books), you are going to open yourself to criticism for the stereotype.
It would be like if The Walking Dead suddenly had T-Dog start making fried chicken and greens for the crew.  Maybe he just likes fried chicken and greens (I sure do), but it is a stereotype people are not comfortable with.
538	snax	2012-04-16	Overall, I'd rank the Renley shave scene as sexier than the Pycelle one. Different strokes for different folks, I guess.The way Shae acted around Tyrion was a bit problematic as it makes her eventual betrayal less surprising and hurtful. In the books, she was so sweet and submissive to Tyrion that one starts to think she might actually harbour some feelings for him even though, yes, we know she's a whore. That's the same gripe I have about Margaery's portrayal in the TV series. It erases any shred of doubt that she might, just might, be an unsuspecting innocent.
539	K-Raptor	2012-04-16	Good episode. Gwendoline Christie as Brienne is great. I loved how they showed Catelyn standing next to her. It made her look so incredibly tall. Talking about tallness. How tall is Sophie Turner anyway? She really towered above Shae in that scene with her.
I'm also glad that Renly has a Kingsguard instead of a Rainbow Guard. Rainbow colored cloaks would look laugable and terrible.
And I think they handled the battle scene in the end quite well. They gave Yoren a heroic death. And I loved his "I don't think I will" line. Somehow I always remembered that line by him from the books, and whenever I think of Yoren I hear that line.
Edit: I have to say that Yara was way better than in the previous episode. And for some reason she looked better to me as well.
					
					
							Edited by K-Raptor, 16 April 2012 - 04:48 PM.
540	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Just rewatched the episode, and it seems like Renly's actor was trying to emulate Roberts expressions a bit. I'm specifically thinking about his walk with Catelyn.
Thought it was a nice touch.
541	Conchobar	2012-04-16	CrypticWeirwood:When I read your posts about men and sexuality etc I am reminded of that scene in Great Muppet Caper where Kermit is depressed and the actor Peter Faulk sits down next to him and claims- without a hint of irony -that he knows exactly what Kermit is went through.  He then details this elaborate story about a cleaning business and lost love and failed businesses all with exquisite detail.When he's done, Kermit looks up at him and says what I feel when I read what you are saying, "You know, its amazing; you are 100% wrong.  I mean nothing you have said is even remotely true."Faulk then tries to sell Kermit a watch.I find your massive, overly simplistuic sterotypes of men and women to be parodies of reality and not real; certainly not based on facts.  I find their application to this discussion to be overly shrill, patronzing and arrogant.  Had a man said anything you said they would be labled a mysoginist and we'd have a good old fashined "[mod] We do not accept sexism here [/mod]" response.Here si the thing: men do not care enough about the way other men look to anby discernable degree.  Do we notice a man in very good shape?  Sure.  I have stared at Tyrell Ownes' abs and Manny Paccio's pecks for a long time; I think Tom Brady is handsome and find John Hamm to be the type of sexapeal I would kill to emulate.  Otherwise?  Yeah, unless you are trying to get into my Wife's pants I don't care.  Most men do not.  Your description of our own personal images are grotesquely misshapen.  We hate ourselves?  Really?  Generally, no.  We have bad images of ourselves?  Not generall, no.  We are absued by imagery which makes us hatre masterbation?  Ah... have you ever listened to Tori Amos?  That women felt shame for masetrbating (see her song Icicle).I generally find your comments as an attemt to start a fight and for better or worse I have taken the bait.  The problem is that I find your attention to this topic a wee bit arrogant and unhelpful.But hey- you got what you wanted.^ This dude makes sense.
542	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-16	I really liked this episode.Gwendoline Christie is as good as anyone could possibly hope for. She looks the part in all ways and the lengths she have gone to in order to mold her physique to the part (as heard in interviews) is amazingly dedicated. It payed off big time.I really liked Margaery Tyrell as well. She's a beautiful woman and the expansion of her role worked very well. Overall the acting was great in this episode and the only thing I'm not a fan of is Shae. Not because she's different from the book (that's a poor argument) but because she just doesn't connect with me. That's a small part though and since that's my only real complaint it shows how good the episode was.Show Renly is definitely softer than book Renly.  I can't see how that can even be debated.  Physically, he is described as the mirror image of a young Robert, he was a massive warrior.On the show, he is thin and fairly small.  The whole fear of blood thing was just weird.  The impression I get from the show is that he is unwilling to engage in the fight for the throne.  That was certainly not the case in the books.  The impression of book Renly was that he was enjoyig the process of going to war too much.  When you couple that with the open homosexuality (where Martin was afraid to make it open in the books), you are going to open yourself to criticism for the stereotype.It would be like if The Walking Dead suddenly had T-Dog start making fried chicken and greens for the crew.  Maybe he just likes fried chicken and greens (I sure do), but it is a stereotype people are not comfortable with.I disagree. There's no risk for complaints about stereotypical presentation of gay men because there is a great warrior that happens to be gay as well. As for Renly in the book, he certainly took all the time he possibly could before actually having to fight. He went from castle to castle partying and socializing, rather than to march his superior force to King's Landing and putting an end to the Lannister rule. He was more of a warrior than the show's version but he certainly wasn't lusting for battle. He didn't even seem to care when he lost in tournaments.
543	dtones520	2012-04-16	What is that thing that Sam gave Gilly? I tried to look at it but I have no idea. How do you use that thing when you stitch?Its a thimble, so you dont poke your finger while stitching.
544	boojam	2012-04-16	One mor thing, anyone else been dissapointed by Lora's armor? Didn't he have a quite amazing Loras-typical armor in the first season and now it was just something boringly generic? I didn't even recognize him at first (though i knew it must be him)Maybe  you don't want to wear your best armor in a melee.
545	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-16	Best episode of the season. Looks like we're finally gaining some steam. 
I especially liked the editing of Tyrion's scheming. That said, I think it was a scene that was primarily enjoyable for readers. My non-reading girlfriend was totally confused and we had to rewind. Thing is, the people Tyrion starts to talk about have barely been introduced (myrcella and Dorne), or fading in memory this season (the vale). This was inevitable but perhaps they could have shifted the dialogue by starting with Varys to whom Tyrion talks about Theon, a familiar name at this point.
This is not a big issue by any means, but I just really thought it was remarkable how nonreaders and readers experience the show differently. I thought it was awesome while my girlfriend was totally confused.
Alfie Allen rules as theon and the show really does a good job in drawing out his character. I have never understood the theon haters and thankfully the show portrays him as three dimensional as I picture theon to be.
On Loras/Renly: besides theon's scene with the captain's daughter, this was the only sex/intimacy scene in this season that really served the plot on a meaningful way. Homophobes should GTFO. Sex and intimacy in drama is not just meant to turn us on. It's there to tell a story, not to have us masturbate. That's what porn is for.
546	DaveSumm	2012-04-16	Only downsides: Tommen's random northern accent (it seems they basically toss a coin when deciding whether a character should be northern or not, regardless of where this person lives or where they were raised), the fact that there are now three distinct pronunciations of Tyrell (Tie-RELL, Ta-RELL, TI-rel, don't really understand why they don't have consistent pronunciations on this show...) and Sansa randomly deciding she's gonna be a bitch to Shae (jeez, how about take the opportunity to have a conversation with someone who isn't trying to systematically eliminate your entire family?)...
But these are minor quibbles. OBVIOUSLY Tyrion is fantastic, Bran fantastic, Arya fantastic.......yadayadayada. Really glad they kept faithful to Tyrion's chapters for the weeding out and subsequent shaving of Pycelle. And Margaery Tyrell is awesome, she's being prepared carefully for her later role as Cersei-esque "know-how-to-use-what-you-were-given" and plotting with Olenna (if she appears, hope she does).
547	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-04-16	Some scattered observations from episode three:Gilly and Sam are kinda sweet, if awkward.The realization when Jon learns that Mormont already knew about Craster and the sacrifice of his sins...Man, Brienne is one tall woman, especially standing by Catelyn.Wow, Maraery is one cleavaged queen. Not that I mind. I've always liked Natalie Dormer (from The Tudors). She has this odd look about her, but still pretty.I can almost sympathize with Theon Greyjoy. Almost... And his father is such an a*****e. Theon was right to scold him. Still, I hate the Ironborn. I sort of liked Asha in the books, but I don't care for this "Yara" version.I think it's safe to say that I'll never warm up to this version of Shae. And they toss her in as Sansa's maid just so she'll have something to do. What does Tyrion see in Shae here?But Tyrion freakin' rules here! Playing off Pycelle, Littlefinger and Varys. Excellent! And I really like Varys too.Aidan Gillen is very uneven as Littlefinger. Sometimes he's pitch perfect but lately I come to think he's that so often as he ought to be.Margaery really knows how to play the game of thrones. I like her!Maise Williams continues to rock as Arya! And poor Yoren. But where was the Mountain?The captives are already going to Harrenhal. I gather they're cutting down on all the wanderings around the Riverlands. Might as well, wandering around that area almost becomes tedious in the later books.No Dany this week, or Robb.And no Stannis either, despite Dragonstone being in the credits.
548	hoelk	2012-04-16	Overall, I'd rank the Renley shave scene as sexier than the Pycelle one. Different strokes for different folks, I guess.The way Shae acted around Tyrion was a bit problematic as it makes her eventual betrayal less surprising and hurtful. In the books, she was so sweet and submissive to Tyrion that one starts to think she might actually harbour some feelings for him even though, yes, we know she's a whore. That's the same gripe I have about Margaery's portrayal in the TV series. It erases any shred of doubt that she might, just might, be an unsuspecting innocent.Did you read the same book as I did? For me Book-Shea was obviously just playing her part. I guess even Tyrion knew it in a way... but he _wanted_ to believe she felt for him. I think show-shea feels like a much more genuine real person...
					
					
							Edited by hoelk, 16 April 2012 - 05:38 PM.
549	Lord Ben	2012-04-16	Yeah, Shae is about my only disappointment.
Also, I find it tiresome that any discussion on Renly has to turn into some sort of sexual liberation discussion.  It's hinted at that people know, nobody cares outside fathering an heir.   Westeros values people serving their Family/House/Lord and upholding their vows, what people do privately while publicly serving those people is largely up to them whether it's whoring and boozing (Tyrion), fathering bastards (Robert), or sleeping with Loras (Renly) few people care about your private life when it doesn't interfere with your responsibilities.   Westeros is not a society that places a high value on individuality.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ben, 16 April 2012 - 05:43 PM.
550	Bastard Walder	2012-04-16	Did you read the same book as I did? For me Book-Shea was obviously just playing her part. I guess even Tyrion knew it in a way... but he _wanted_ to believe she felt for him. I think show-shea feels like a much more genuine real person...If TV Shae is what people consider a normal and acceptable person then we've failed as a society.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard Walder, 16 April 2012 - 05:48 PM.
551	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-16	and Sansa randomly deciding she's gonna be a bitch to Shae (jeez, how about take the opportunity to have a conversation with someone who isn't trying to systematically eliminate your entire family?)...Well, given that Shae seems like she doesn't know a thing a real maid would do, Sansa would rightly be suspicious that she's either a spy or just another jab from the Lannisters to make her life more miserable.
552	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-16	yeah loras did the same.when he said "you should be seeing to another Ti-rell tonight"I assure you, this is the way the English pronounce Tyrell - it's a family name with a lot of history here.  Therefore, to us - it's the 'correct' way /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
553	White Raven	2012-04-16	In the book Lommy's death scene broke my heart ("You got to carry me"). It didn't have the same impact in the series. We hardly ever saw him before he died :/
I really liked the scene with Maester Luwin and Bran and the scenes with Theon.
554	salt	2012-04-16	If TV Shae is what people consider a normal and acceptable person then we've failed as a society.She's not a normal acceptable person. She's a camp-follower prostitute secretly in the employ of a wealthy dwarf with severe women issues serving as the powerful adviser to a sociopath teenage king.  Whats normal about that?I'm fine with TV Shae.  In the books I never got the impression that she had genuine feelings for Tyrion- shes a prostitute, its all business.  All that's important for the story is that Tyrion starts believe she does.  Shes also kind of dumb and frivolous. which is true to the books.  There are plenty of strong female characters in ASOIAF- Shae is not one of them.  The show has already gone out of its way to make some female characters stronger and more charismatic than they were in the books- Margery, while certainly schooled in the game of thrones, was a fairly minor character in the books, while in the show she's been introduced as a plotting mastermind of House Tyrell's ambition for power.  I wouldn't be surprised if the show makes the Joff assassination her idea instead of the QoT's.However, if you turn EVERY female character into Littlefinger With Boobs, it gets ridiculous.  There are frivolous female characters just like there are frivolous male characters, and Shae is one of them.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 16 April 2012 - 07:01 PM.
555	Arkash	2012-04-16	He went from castle to castle partying and socializingWhich is Peace. And I really liked his behaviour: answering a hell of a war by peace, seducing people, proving himself, slowly building his image and stature as a King, minimizing the losses and come after the bloodshed to take the peach... it could have succeed if, well...I guess that was the perfect choice. I would have done the same instead of running mindlessly to a war, which is what Robb did... those Northmen always had a hotter temper than Dornishmen. Look where that got them...I think Doran Martell, say whatever you want about him, is the one who does things well.
556	salt	2012-04-16	Which is Peace. And I really liked his behaviour: answering a hell of a war by peace, seducing people, proving himself, slowly building his image and stature as a King, minimizing the losses and come after the bloodshed to take the peach... it could have succeed if, well...Of course, as he was partying his way to KL, he was also closing off the food trade, starving his future subjects to death, which was a useful tactic to cause disarray in the capital.    And the guy didn't care at all about minimizing losses.  Book Renly was preparing to launch an attack on Stannis's army at dawn because it would be super cool and dramatic u guyz, despite the fact that charging with the rising sun directly in the eyes of his men would have meant needless losses for his side.  But that was ok, he had plenty of other men to replace the dead ones.I wouldn't put Renly on the same level as Prince Doran, not by a long shot.  I agree that the snake in the grass has managed things pretty well so far (although Q-tip's Eastern adventure certainly didn't go as planned).
					
					
							Edited by salt, 16 April 2012 - 06:58 PM.
557	Francis Buck	2012-04-16	I have a question. Was the big guy at the end of the episode supposed to be Gregor? Not the bald Amory Lorch, but the dude that pushed over Yoren's dead body with his sword. He looked like a really big guy, but he was wearing Lannister armor and it was kinda dark. I hope it's not Gregor though, only because it would be weird for him to wear Lannister armor instead of his intense black super-armor, which is like half the reason he's so damn hard to kill. If that's the case, it'll probably be the first thing to really bother me at all so far this season (I mean it's hardly a big deal whatsoever, just a stupid little personal gripe, but still it doesn't make much sense that he wouldn't wear his own armor, since he's the lord of his own house and not a part of the Lannister family, just a bannerman).
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 16 April 2012 - 07:08 PM.
558	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	No, the Mountain only takes orders from Tywin and does not serve under anyone else.
559	kairparavel	2012-04-16	My favourite part was the last scene, with Yoren and Arya and the foreshadowing of her prayer, and the speeding up of getting her to Harrenhall.
Also: not sure how much of a thespian the gal playing Brienne will eventually turn out to be, but she certainly captures the look; sexyaged Margaery Tyrell works for me just fine, though I hope she is just bethrothed to Tommen down the road, waiting on him to come of age.
My least favourite scene was Loras and Renly because Loras is a whiny emo sulky baby. Seriously? Ugh. Also, Shae. Every single thing to do with her character and her portrayal grates on my last nerve. Also, dislike all Greyjoys not named Balon. Can any of you actually see Alfie Allen pulling off Reek down the road? Can you see him murdering those boys? I don't think he has the range or skill to make that transformation, as an actor.
At least the exchange between Varys and Tyrion was unaltered and spot on.
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 16 April 2012 - 07:15 PM.
560	Ravenhair	2012-04-16	Good episode, best so far this season, which isn't saying too much because this season has been very frustrating with huge character and story divergence. 
1.  Renly and Loras--I don't understand the complaints.  Frankly, of all the sex on the show, these two should have been shown having full-on sex.  We, the readers, know Loras loved Renly--his unforgettable line to Sansa after Renly's death--when the sun has set, no candle can replace it.  C'mon, of all the characters who deserved an great sex scene, it was these two. 
2.  Natalie Dormer is excellent as Margaery. 
3.  Can the writers/producers/directors make Theon and Cersei any more sympathetic?   How can we cheer for a redemption story or feel a modicum of sympathy when Cersei has her walk?  We need to hate them first, and currently, they could both be protagonists. 
4.  Francis Magee as Yoren was so excellent.  Will miss him. 
5.  Sad to see all the cuts from the Arya/Gendry story.  Wish the battle could have shown both of them being as awesome as they were in the books.  Will miss their journey with Lommy and Hot Pie. Still, Maisie Williams and Joe Dempsie are doing a fantastic job. 
6.  Husband, who is at the beginning of ASoS in reading, looked at me and said why did they make Shae Sansa's maid?  I just said it happens later in the book you're reading.  They are lots of spoilery things for people who haven't finished reading the series. 
7.  Loved Alfie Allen's "you gave me away" rant, though it was never in the books.  I always wondered when reading why Theon didn't ever say this!
P.S.  for those who asked, tiddies are breasts.
561	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-16	I enjoyed this episode, mainly because it made me very excited for the next episode.  
I think Sophie Turner looked stunning at dinner with Cersei and the kids.  
Loved the Yoren backstory, hated to see him go, he definitely made an impact.
The Craster/Jon crap ended better than it began, as far as book/tv changes are concerned. 
Brienne's deep voice wasn't my fave.  I understand she is very large, but is it ever mentioned that she has a manly voice?
Looking forward to Harrenhall.  I wonder who gets Tickled first.
I am hoping Yara/Asha will prove worthy as far as screen time goes, after she gets her 30 ships.
562	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	In answer to the past few posts- yes I think Alfie Allen was good last season and fantastic this season so I can see him as Reek. We'll find out but I can't see whence you have gotten the impression that he won't be able to do it- his acting was some of the best on the show this episode. 
Wasn't Lorch the knight in the heavy armour? Pretty sure it was same guy at the end who talked to Yoren at the start of the scene (Lorch) and the bald guy was not named and is likely The Tickler
563	Ravenhair	2012-04-16	And 8.  Conleith Hill's speaking the riddle to Tyrion gave me chills.  What an excellent job as Varys!
564	Northern Soul	2012-04-16	Don't know if anyone's mentioned it, but did it strike you as weird that Yoren and Arya had that heart-to-heart at the end of the episode amongst the rest of the Night's Watch recruits? 
I mean, they've both gone to all this trouble to conceal Arya's identity, and then here they are chatting quite openly about Arya's experiences in King's Landing. 
It's not explicitly revealing who she is, but anyone listening in would probably figure out that 'Arry' is not quite who 'he' says he is. 
It's not a biggie, just that it showed the characters being a little careless. They could have easily had that chat outside, with Yoren rousing the men when the Lannister troops showed up. 
Overall I loved the episode. Scored first ep of season about an 8 and second a 7. This has to be an 8 or 9 in my book.
565	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	Oh and when Theon takes Winterfell and kills the Miller's kids without Ramsay to tell him to, he is not going to be seen as a protagonist. They are just actually showing the character as he was with the bits the book skipped over until later. Cersei has plenty of stuff on the cards to make her hated too. I didn't like her not killing the Bastards but right now Joff is a damned good villain. The others will get their turn
566	nara	2012-04-16	Is it just me or have they made no mention of Cersei/Lancel so far this season?  They had a random scene with them at the end of last season, where it was clear they'd slept together, but there's been no follow-up so far.  I thought at the time that the scene in episode 10 was out of place and the fact that it hasn't been discussed in the first 3 episodes confirms that belief.
567	Lady Olenna	2012-04-16	I keep reading that there will be no Reed's or Olenna.  Depending on how the books end, I would think that they would need the Reed children.  I really liked them and I hope that they eventually are cast.  But does anyone know for sure if they won't be?
Same goes for Olenna.  Hands down my favorite dialogue to read, I love her to bits and will be so so sad to not have that bit of humor in the show.
Just to bounce off a few things mentioned up - thread:  I think Alfie will be just dandy as Reek.  He seems to really get his emotions across and has in fact managed to make me far more sympathetic to Theon than I was while reading the books. 
I did notice that Biter still had his nose (I hope I have that correct).  I'm wondering if this means that Tyrion will survive the battle with his nose in tact as well. 
I have to say, this episode really got me to thinking about all of the events coming up and how they will play out.  The Direwolves look amazing and I'm wondering if they will do the same for the giants/mammoths.  Or if they will even include them (shadowcats as well).  Also the CotF.... that should be interesting. 
Has anybody heard/read anything about the upcoming CG?
568	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-16	Good episode, best so far this season, which isn't saying too much because this season has been very frustrating with huge character and story divergence.1.  Renly and Loras--I don't understand the complaints.  Frankly, of all the sex on the show, these two should have been shown having full-on sex.  We, the readers, know Loras loved Renly--his unforgettable line to Sansa after Renly's death--when the sun has set, no candle can replace it.  C'mon, of all the characters who deserved an great sex scene, it was these two.2.  Natalie Dormer is excellent as Margaery.3.  Can the writers/producers/directors make Theon and Cersei any more sympathetic?   How can we cheer for a redemption story or feel a modicum of sympathy when Cersei has her walk?  We need to hate them first, and currently, they could both be protagonists.4.  Francis Magee as Yoren was so excellent.  Will miss him.5.  Sad to see all the cuts from the Arya/Gendry story.  Wish the battle could have shown both of them being as awesome as they were in the books.  Will miss their journey with Lommy and Hot Pie. Still, Maisie Williams and Joe Dempsie are doing a fantastic job.6.  Husband, who is at the beginning of ASoS in reading, looked at me and said why did they make Shae Sansa's maid?  I just said it happens later in the book you're reading.  They are lots of spoilery things for people who haven't finished reading the series.7.  Loved Alfie Allen's "you gave me away" rant, though it was never in the books.  I always wondered when reading why Theon didn't ever say this!P.S.  for those who asked, tiddies are breasts.Did you really hate Theon BEFORE he ends up taking Winterfell? Relax, he may seen like a protagonist now but obviously that will surely change by seasons end. Plus, making him sympathetic to the audience now, will only make it that much worse when people see what he does.And couldn't agree more how excellent Alfie Allen was in that scene with Balon. His speech was very heartfelt and an amazing addition by the writers to add this.
					
					
							Edited by Hot Pie Guy, 16 April 2012 - 08:33 PM.
569	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-16	I keep reading that there will be no Reed's or Olenna.  Depending on how the books end, I would think that they would need the Reed children.  I really liked them and I hope that they eventually are cast.  But does anyone know for sure if they won't be?Same goes for Olenna.  Hands down my favorite dialogue to read, I love her to bits and will be so so sad to not have that bit of humor in the show.Just to bounce off a few things mentioned up - thread:  I think Alfie will be just dandy as Reek.  He seems to really get his emotions across and has in fact managed to make me far more sympathetic to Theon than I was while reading the books.I did notice that Biter still had his nose (I hope I have that correct).  I'm wondering if this means that Tyrion will survive the battle with his nose in tact as well.I have to say, this episode really got me to thinking about all of the events coming up and how they will play out.  The Direwolves look amazing and I'm wondering if they will do the same for the giants/mammoths.  Or if they will even include them (shadowcats as well).  Also the CotF.... that should be interesting.Has anybody heard/read anything about the upcoming CG?Rorge is the one without the nose (in the books anyways. he still has it in the show), Biter is the guy with the messed up teeth.
570	bloocanary	2012-04-16	The Queen in the South, her Brother and Their Husband:  I really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what others are complaining about but the Renly scenes are absolutely fantastic because they are the Maergery Tyrell scenes.  Which is why they shine.  While Renly tries to play King and Loras tries to get him to play lover, the Queen is not at all fooled.  Nope.  No.  No, she wants an heir.  She wants a chance to roll the dice in the Game of Thrones.  And the only way to do that is through the graces of Renly Baratheon.   And if that takes Loras to jump in to start or do them both or to have him take her from behind so he can pretend its Loras, she is going to do all that.  She is NOBODYâ<U+0080><U+0099>S FOOL!  She is in it to win it.  And so she tells Renly flat out.  Whatever it takes.This this this. Loving how Margaery's playing out. And I love how sweet she is to Renly too, even though she knows their marriage is a complete sham. She loves him because her brother loves him, and she wants him to succeed. It really says a lot about Margaery and Loras' relationship. I didn't imagine Margaery as a schemer, but I'm easily adapting to this interpretation of her.Which just shows how hamfisted this incarnation of Asha is. And, you know, I don't think it's Gemma's fault. I think she's playing the character the way they intended. It's absolutely killing me, because Asha's one of my favorite characters and I hate to see her all solemn and sulky. I'm hoping that this is all intentional to make Theon's homecoming seem even worse and that her attitude is simply because she's disappointed and disgusted by her brother. I'm hoping like hell she'll get the fuck over it once she gets her ships.
571	TyrionFan57	2012-04-16	I think this Shae has the potentital to make the story more heartbreaking.  Shae in the book was an obvious whore who said whatever a man wants to hear.  If this more honest Shae can appear to actually fall for Tyrion then that would be, as I said, heartbreaking.It seems though, in this episode, that Shae is acting like an entitled brat and not appreciating what Tyrion is doing to keep her safe.  I think there's more to TV Shae than meets the eye (which is NOT in the books).  As of now she doesn't appear to really care for Tyrion and if she doesn't, soon, no one is going to feel very bad when she bites the dust.
572	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-16	Do we know for a fact that they haven't cast Ramsay? Or are they just keeping the casting under wraps so the audience doesn't guess that Reek turns out to be Ramsay in disguise.
I'm really hoping for option B on this one because how else will Theon end up in the Dreadfort?
573	bloocanary	2012-04-16	I keep reading that there will be no Reed's or Olenna.  Depending on how the books end, I would think that they would need the Reed children.  I really liked them and I hope that they eventually are cast.  But does anyone know for sure if they won't be?I'm hoping the Reeds will be added on next season. I'm thinking Osha and Hodor will take Bran and Rickon into hiding and at some point will visit/meet up with the Reeds while on the run. Otherwise Bran and Rickon can't split up. They aren't 100% necessary until that happens, so I can see why their introduction would be postponed until the beginning of next season.
574	johnnysd	2012-04-16	Booo! No Reeds moving castle, greenspears, or the such? That stinks.I have seen NOTHINH confirming that the Reeds are not in the series just not in season 2. And really, do they have to be? Aside from talking a bit about green dreams and making fun of the Walders they don't do much. Bran's journey just starts and they can have the Reeds catch up at any point. They almost have to. Isn't Howland to have been confirmed to be ultimately pivotal to the story and like the only character that can not have a POV?
575	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-16	Haven't read all of the thread yet, so if some of this is repeated or mentioned already, oh well... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It was a really strong episode.  No doubt.So LF is sent to Renly to negotiate with Catelyn apparently (based on Tyrion's comments and the pictures we've already seen showing them together)? Not sure if that works logistically, but could be pretty interesting. It would appear that, from previews, that LF will give the idea of Renly's peach to Renly...though why they had to move up the negotiations to now...I didn't think he left until after Renly had been killed...Another strong episode. Can't wait for the full BRIENNE SHOULD BE UGLIER rage! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> To me it's no different than the Tyrion is too handsome stuff. In this show Tyrion's problems are that he is a dwarf. Him being ugly as well isn't necessary. Brienne is tall (huge!) and a woman. That's more than enough "negatives".Frankly I though Brienne was perfect.  Spot on. I'm gonna miss Renly. Just when he was becoming more interesting.Referencing the preview again, but I'm convinced that they're combining the scene under Storm's End with the killing of Renly.  I hope it works.See, I feel like for maybe the first time, we're seeing the carefree, lovable Renly from the books in tonight's episode. His amusement at the melee, his bemusement at Brienne's request...he even gave her a little wink! I said to Dub, "Finally, there's the Renly we know and love!" (but a more complex version, which I enjoy).While I agree, it almost feels wasted as they've really not done any good service to the character as a whole.  As a result, seeing Renly more like the Renly readers expect is almost out of place... I'm loving Natalie Dormer's portrayal of Margaery so far. You can definitely see the "Queen of Thorns" influence on her. I understand in aging her you had to make her even more savvy than her book counterpart, but I don't think this is beyond reason of even her book character. I think she's a very savvy, but underrated player of the game. (With the QoT as your gram, you'd have to be daft to not be.)Again, haven't read the entire thread, but I'm betting I'm the only one who, upon first glance of Margarey, did a double take and wondered how Michelle Trachtenberg was cast...but then again, I probably could have read up on casting news and not had that image flash through my head.  Fleeting though it was...
576	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	Do we know for a fact that they haven't cast Ramsay? Or are they just keeping the casting under wraps so the audience doesn't guess that Reek turns out to be Ramsay in disguise.I'm really hoping for option B on this one because how else will Theon end up in the Dreadfort?I think this switched identity thing is going to be really hard to pull off. Consider Arstan Whitebeard, whom we should be seeing later on this series. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s easy for him to fool Dany, but the audience? Good luck with that one.
577	TyrionFan57	2012-04-16	Here is my biggest complaint about this episode... The opening sequence showed Dragonstone and the Dothraki wasteland and we didn't go there. I thought that each opening was tailor made to reflect the locations that we would visit in that episode.Other than that, This episode was just about perfect. The best actor in the show turns out to be a twelve year old girl. My god Miasie was phenomenal again tonight. Someone should nominate her for an emmy this year. Peter Motherf$%##^&g Dinkledge was outstanding as well. All of the Tyrion scenes were not only brilliantly written, but superbly delivered as well. Gwendolyn Christie IS Brienne. As that character is one of my largest book crushes, I can't wait until she meets me in real life and falls madly and passionately in love with me. ALL of the Greyjoys rock. Even Asha, who is growing on me by leaps and bounds.That leaves me with the two "controversies" that we have been discussing here. The first is Renly/Loras... I am heterosexual as well, and I am not turned on by a scene in which two men act in a sexual manner with one another. That said, I am also an adult, and just because I am not inclined to be aroused by it doesn't mean that I can't watch it and enjoy it. Specifically when it is in perfect context with what the author wrote about his characters. Both characters did a wonderful job of acting in this scene, and it set up perfectly the later conflict between Loras and Brienne. It also gave us an understanding of the maidenhood of Margery which will become an essential plot point as the story goes. This scene was absolutely necessary to advance the plot of the TV show, and if you are too immature to watch, then switch the damn channel for two minutes and don't burden the rest of us with your homophobia.That leaves me with Shae... She is a completely different character in this show. The problem that I have had is that I keep trying to reconcile her to the Shae of the books. Well, five episodes into her story arc, this is obviously not the case. Tonight, I tried to keep an open mind with the actress and just judge her on her performance. She is actually doing a fantastic job. It is obvious to me that her direction is to be arrogant, and a bit unlikeable. I think that D&D is doing this because they were afraid they couldn't redeem the character of Tyrion after he kills her to a TV audience. I personally think that they could, but it would be extremely tricky. I don't begrudge them at all for going the easier route on this one.I can see your point, but from my perspective, I think they should be making her more likeable now instead of less likeable.  This would increase the shock value when (1) she turns on Tyrion at his trial, and (2) Tyrion discovers her in his father's bed.  Just those two things would be enough, I think, to redeem Tyrion's character in the eyes of many.
578	Chelly	2012-04-16	Okay adding to the previous post this morning of my thoughts on the episode.
The Cersei and Sansa scene was extremely good. I love the sly little look she gives Sansa when she asks Tommen is he would like it if Joff kills Robb(such bitchy and malicious thing to do, so Cersei!). Of course Tommen being the sweetie cutie that he is told his mother that he wouldn't like that at all.
I'm not sure how I feel about the Shae and Sansa scene, though. I didn't mind Shae at all in the first season and I actually prefer TV Shae over book Shae, but Shae is starting to sound more like a spoiled brat than a, erm, professional worker whose also a grown woman. She's coming off more like book Shae, who is a young, immature, sort of naive girl and in the show she's supposed to be this somewhat mysterious, experienced, smart woman who matches Tyrion's wits and throws his crap back at him. I couldn't stand her stomping around in Sansa's chambers. it could have been the scene, because I didn't like that scene. It did crack me up when Shae had the nerve to pick on Sansa's leftovers as she was cleaning the table right in front of Sansa. That was pretty amusing.
That's my only complaint and it was such a minor scene, so it doesn't bother me that much. Everything else has been spectacular, though.
579	turdle	2012-04-16	i'm a bit surprised by all the love for this episode, i thought it was the weakest so far this season. not bad, but not great either. i was really hoping that they were toning nega-shae down to finally become something like shae from the book, but for some bizarre reason they've decided to go back to making her very unlikable.
i know there is a theory that ros is going to take alayaya's story line, but honestly, i hope they change things up even more than that, and have shae ACTUALLY be the one who gets caught, and that ros would take over the shae role from the books. ros is a much more likeable character at this point.
580	redriver	2012-04-16	Cranking it up to a 9 now.
The tension is gearing up.Tyrion excells as usual.
And alas,poor Yoren,we knew him well.
One example of the TV being better than the books.
581	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	Not even close.
582	teemo	2012-04-17	I don't think it was better than the books...some scenes have been done a little better, but I've never seen an entire episode in which it surpassed the books overall.  It was definitely one of my favorites though.
583	ShadowRaven	2012-04-17	They've cut the reeds.....The scene with Bran and Luwin was supposed to happen in relationship with Meera and Jojen Reed.
Pretty dissapointed....
584	Big Noyd	2012-04-17	Yoren is (was) an absolute boss, "There's men out there want to fuck your corpses," priceless. As well, I have no issue with him giving Arya the idea for her nightly prayers.
Does anyone else get the feeling that they had Reek in mind when they cast Alfie Allen for Theon? I can just picture him now gnawing on a rat, with his matted rags stuck to his skin by his own filth.
585	hoelk	2012-04-17	If TV Shae is what people consider a normal and acceptable person then we've failed as a society.but we HAVE failed as a society!
586	DaveSumm	2012-04-17	Really don't understand all this talk of Cersei being too nice.......what show are you watching? She spoke gleefully about the possibility of Robb being killed in front of his sister and two young children! The only thing I can think that's being referred to is how upset she is at losing Myrcella: she loves her kids. It's her one redeeming feature (that, and her cheekbones).
587	salt	2012-04-17	Cersei's still bad, but they took away her single most simply evil act- having babies and children murdered.  She'll still be a villain, but the show is making her a more sympathetic one.
588	Auska	2012-04-17	I think â<U+0080><U+009C>rainbow guardâ<U+0080><U+009D> would have been in the *groan* territory given Renly's sexuality is made obvious in the series (regardless of whether that was the original intent/hint). So, I chalk it as a good change.
Edit: I have to say, the number of people who are opposed to introducing a little more moral greyness into characters isâ<U+0080>¦surprisingly high, given this is ASOIAF. I get the adherence to books thing, but I think the little changes mostly make them a little more realistic (especially given we're missing out on a lot of internal monologue).
					
					
							Edited by Auska, 17 April 2012 - 06:00 AM.
589	Vvornth	2012-04-17	I like how Aryas chapters were shortened, it'll be far more interesting seeing her rummaging around in Harrenhal (anyone know what castle they are using as set btw?) than mucking around in the forest with the relatively uninteresting characters from Yoren's lot.
590	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-17	Whoa, 30 pages? I'm a little late...Such a fantastic episode. Start to finish, it was just so solid and I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think there was anything I disliked.Firstly, yay, no naked Ros! No overly long brothel scenes!I thought we were going to get more Jon in this episode but I suppose his arc will get more screentime as we near the end of the season. I loved the cliffhanger last week and it was wrapped up very nicely, with a touch of shame in the Old Bearâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes as he admitted he knew about Crasterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s attrocities. Loved the Sam/Gilly sweetness.Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scene explored some of the elements I feared would be left out of the show. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m so glad theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re keeping the dark, mystical tone of Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story. Also, Maester Luwin is perfect. And the transitions from boy to wolf, and the dreams themselves, are good, and not at all cheesy, which I was worried about. And Hodor said â<U+0080><U+009C>Hodor!â<U+0080><U+009D> Loved it.Brienne! I never doubted Christie but she definitely exceeded my expectations. Anyone else catch the â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m no Ladyâ<U+0080><U+009D>? Remind you of someone? The Renly/Loras scene was actually pretty good, because it showed the audience that rather than just being fuck buddies, they have a relationship. The scene fleshed Renly out quite a lot, no sexposition necessary. Though HBO did make sure they reached their boob quota for the episode - I know a few people are concerned that they have made Margaery too saucy or something, and the suggested threesome was a bit much, but to be honest, they established a female character who was very politically clued up and sharp as a knife, which she is.Personally, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really care theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve made Shae a bit abbrasive: she did have an impudent side to her in the books as I recall, though it was much subtler. But making her more memorable is better than toning her down and just having some bland whore with NO personality hanging around with Tyrion. Besides, she's not as bad as Ros.Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 1-2-3 was so unbelievably well done that my jaw dropped. My god. Dinklage is justâ<U+0080>¦words cannot describe. He IS Game of Thrones. His portrayal of Tyrion is one of the best television performances...ever. As in, going down in history. "I don't like his beard."And I am so impressed with Sophie Turner. Whilst waiting for S2 I was wondering how they were going to show Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s misery and still keep her â<U+0080>pretty birdâ<U+0080><U+0099> words, which the tearing up in front of the mirror was perfect for. Her dialogue with Shae was a just a little off - but her acting has definitely gone up a notch this season.Cersei was so fantastic at the dinner. "Sansa will do her duty, won't you, little dove?" That was just so venomous. And Tommen and Myrcella are so cute.The Greyjoys. I think â<U+0080>Yaraâ<U+0080><U+0099> comes across pretty accurately, and Balon! Wow. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s frigginâ<U+0080><U+0099> awesome. I liked Theon's letter burning a lot â<U+0080><U+0093> it was a very nice touch. I found Theon's betrayal was very jarring in the book, so I'm glad we got to see him wrestle with his decision a little. I loved Arya's dialogue with Yoren, that was such a great little thing the throw into the mix. To say Maisie Williams is doing Arya justice is the understatement of the century. She is just so perfect. Yoren got a nice Boromir style death â<U+0080><U+0093> â<U+0080><U+009C>I always hated crossbowsâ<U+0080><U+009D>, and I thought the 'fight' was pretty well done. Very brief shot of Jaqen but I just know Tom Wlaschiha is going to bring it in the next few episodes.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 17 April 2012 - 06:06 AM.
591	Lord O' Bones	2012-04-17	I'm disappointed that this episode wasn't word for word identical to the book. That alone could have avoided the homo scene with Renly and Loras since that wasn't in the book. Also, ew. Homo's.
Also, how do you pronounce "Robb?" I thought Catelyn's accent was way off when she said 'Robb.' This shit is important.
And seriously? No Hot Pie shouting "Hot Pie?" I may not even watch next week.
If this television drama wasn't so damned good, I might just give up on this utter failure of an entertaining adaptation.
ETA: Margarey needs bigger tits, it goes without saying. No one will fall for her bullshit otherwise.
592	WITCHKING	2012-04-17	Where in the books does it say that Renly or Loras are gay?I read the books and did"t find any clues for that...
593	boojam	2012-04-17	Where in the books does it say that Renly or Loras are gay?I read the books and did"t find any clues for that...It's somewhat muted, but there.It's interesting that George was asked about that , in an interview , just recently, and George confirmed , indeed that was the case.
594	WITCHKING	2012-04-17	Anyway most of the people that i know are watching the show but haven't read the books.They are all waiting to see the dragon's in action.They ask me when this is going to happen.Shall i tell them the truth?
595	James Arryn	2012-04-17	And alas,poor Yoren,we knew him well.That's up there with 'Methinks the lady doth protest too much' as most misquoted Shakes lines. I'm only bitching because I played Hamlet and Well (Horatio). And because I've been house painting all night. Sorry.
596	Greywolf2375	2012-04-17	Only downsides: Tommen's random northern accent (it seems they basically toss a coin when deciding whether a character should be northern or not, regardless of where this person lives or where they were raised), the fact that there are now three distinct pronunciations of Tyrell (Tie-RELL, Ta-RELL, TI-rel, don't really understand why they don't have consistent pronunciations on this show...) and Sansa randomly deciding she's gonna be a bitch to Shae (jeez, how about take the opportunity to have a conversation with someone who isn't trying to systematically eliminate your entire family?)...I actually like that there are different pronunciations - my last name has one silent letter and a Z in it but I've had at 30 variations on the name said to me, including being told I pronounce it incorrectly.  Different people say things different ways is all - even within the same family.I'm ok with Sansa being a bitch to her - I think this is like some of other "sped up aptitude" character development we have seen.  Sansa now sees Shae there as a spy for someone and the fact that she has no idea what to do to help Sansa reinforces it.
597	legba11	2012-04-17	Where in the books does it say that Renly or Loras are gay?I read the books and did"t find any clues for that...It's implied in a few spots.  However, people tend to overstate it, especially after Martin confirmed that he had intended people to know it.  Most of the "evidence" is people mocking him with implied homosexuality.  Because that never happens to straight guys...
598	DaveSumm	2012-04-17	If in future episodes they play up a Cersei's informants then I'll retract that complaint, but to me at the moment it looks more like they're emphasising that Sansa is still a highborn lady and is very used to being waited on hand and foot. I can't think of any significant plot advance that happens as a result of Cersei's informers, the only one that springs to mind is that Tyrion provides it as a reason to employ Shae - which has already happened.Where in the books does it say that Renly or Loras are gay?I read the books and did"t find any clues for that...It's not nearly as obvious as people here might have you think, basically: Catelyn observes that he spends more time talking to Loras than Margaery over dinner, he asks Loras to 'stay and pray' with him, and Loras is particularly devastated when he's killed.
599	nara	2012-04-17	If in future episodes they play up a Cersei's informants then I'll retract that complaint, but to me at the moment it looks more like they're emphasising that Sansa is still a highborn lady and is very used to being waited on hand and foot. I can't think of any significant plot advance that happens as a result of Cersei's informers, the only one that springs to mind is that Tyrion provides it as a reason to employ Shae - which has already happened.What I got from the Sansa/Shae scene was simply that, since she has to bottle up her true feelings in front of everyone else, she's taking her anger out on a handmaiden.  It's also a good lead into the Sansa-Tyrion marriage.
600	sdallis	2012-04-17	I thought that her scene with Sansa was touching.  Why?  Because the scene was not about Shae but about Sansa.  This poor young woman is totally traumatized.  She is suffering from Stockholm syndrome.  Sansa needs a friend who is not Lannister.  Shae represents a future, the possibility of sanity.  A thin reed, indeed, but still a reed.  Give the HBO writers credit here.Yes!!!
601	episodenone	2012-04-17	They've cut the reeds.....The scene with Bran and Luwin was supposed to happen in relationship with Meera and Jojen Reed.Pretty dissapointed....Me to - but I'm half way through ADWD - and really - this can be pulled off without them.  I like them a lot -- but I think in the end i can live with it.Maybe they'll bring them in later?  Is it totally out of the question?
602	boojam	2012-04-17	Anyway most of the people that i know are watching the show but haven't read the books.They are all waiting to see the dragon's in action.They ask me when this is going to happen.Shall i tell them the truth?Well the way things are going kinda slow with Dany, actually they did in the book too...Looks as if next episode will feature more of her, and maybe, can't tell episode 6, why at this late date we don't know the name of episode 10.The dragons do a lot of little dragon things that are quite charming in the book, I would think the CGI guys would have a ball with that.Then Dany and Drogon have quite a mysterious adventure ending with a Drogon smokeout (BBQ? Flamewar?) in Qarth, that's about the only dust up for Dany in CoK, but it's a good one.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 April 2012 - 08:36 AM.
603	tearloch	2012-04-17	Oh and when Theon takes Winterfell and kills the Miller's kids without Ramsay to tell him to, he is not going to be seen as a protagonist. They are just actually showing the character as he was with the bits the book skipped over until later. Cersei has plenty of stuff on the cards to make her hated too. I didn't like her not killing the Bastards but right now Joff is a damned good villain. The others will get their turnI don't think the Winterfell story will get that far this season.  Based on show titles, Theon will take Winterfell in episode 8.  Reek was not with him then.  He came in later.  If my memory is correct, he comes in while the Winterfell guard is out trying to deal with Ramsay and the old woman he forcefully wed....Which I hope is early in season 3.
604	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-17	If in future episodes they play up a Cersei's informants then I'll retract that complaint, but to me at the moment it looks more like they're emphasising that Sansa is still a highborn lady and is very used to being waited on hand and foot. I can't think of any significant plot advance that happens as a result of Cersei's informers, the only one that springs to mind is that Tyrion provides it as a reason to employ Shae - which has already happened.It's not nearly as obvious as people here might have you think, basically: Catelyn observes that he spends more time talking to Loras than Margaery over dinner, he asks Loras to 'stay and pray' with him, and Loras is particularly devastated when he's killed.And other characters take the piss a lot (Cersei says Loras isn't a man, Oberyn calls Loras Renly's little flower, Jaime implies that Renly was having anal sex with Loras. Stannis and Cressen both make hints about Renly's sexuality too, as do people talking about Loras joining the KG and even Loras' brother to Sansa)
605	tearloch	2012-04-17	On Sansa / Shae:  I get the dislike for Shae.  I also get Sansa's reaction to her.  In her mind, Shae is just another spy for the queen.  I think the actress playing Shae is annoying, but overall I like the way HBO is portraying her.  She was sympathetic in the books, but alwasy through Tyrion's POV, up until he finds her in the sack with someone else.  HBO is not limited to the POV views of characters, and I feel that HBO is capturing the true Shae.  True, it will reduce the agony of her betrayal for the viewers, but there will be plenty of jaw droppers to come.  Too many might turn off some viewers.On the Reeds:  I was very disappointed in the Reeds not being in season 2.  I do think they will have to add them very early in season 3.  Since it appears that Theon takes Winterfell in episode 8 this season, then maybe the Reeds are on their way to Winterfell, see the sack happen, and just wait in the woods, happening onto Hodor, Bran, Rickon, and Osha as they escape.  I think the decision not to cast the Reeds in season 2 was all about $$.  Season 2 will get rid of some more main characters, so that frees up budget space for the Reeds.  1 Renly = 2 Reeds.  That sounds like a bargain to me.
606	Slaytanic213	2012-04-17	I can't recall when and exactly why Craster did tell the Watch to get out of his keep; obviously it wasn't because Jon followed him into the woods to give a male baby to an Other.Craster does kick the Watch out, but not until book 3 that I recall.  He does tell them that they have to leave at dawn because he can't feed them all or something to that effect. In the book, Mormont was well aware of what Craster did with his sons; it just wasn't his business.The scenes with Theon screaming @ Balon about giving him away was really well done.  I would think that Theon would naturally be bitter with his father for that. The scene with Tyrion and Varys was brilliant too and I think they picked the right actors for these parts.  They both nail it every time.I also liked how they physically show how Sansa's "captivity" has changed her. I definitely enjoyed this episode more than the first 2.  I understand that they can't keep the subtleties (sp??) of the POV's from the book the same.  It doesn't work on screen and people will miss the inuendos.
607	Seed	2012-04-17	3 posts in a row.....apologies, but Sir Loras just said that Margery was a "virgin officially," implying she may not be (bro sis incest with her bisexual brother?). It could also just be a line included for viewers since the actress playing her is in her early twenties.However, I don't think that bodes well for her and her impending trial with the Faith, presumably at the beginning of Winds of Winter. I do believe that her trial will not go the way we are supposed to expect it will, and her execution will set off a firestorm of violence from the Tyrells (finally).I agree with this 100%.  I picked up on that, and being the only guy in the room who'd read the entire series, I was the only guy to catch that sly line.
608	Golden Brown	2012-04-17	I find it funny that they introduced Renly in the third episode. There was quite some talk about him and the power he has in the first two episodes. Now that he finally made an appearance, Stannis will land at Storm`s End in the next episode and judging by the preview for episode 4, we will be seeing shadowbabies. And we all know what that means... I am sure that the showmakers want to make Renly`s death something like Ned Stark`s death (not such a huge surprise of course) and I think that two episodes won`t be enough to make us sympatise with him and his death. And isn`t that why they probably changed him so much from the book? There he was more charismatic, but a shallow character. Robert reborn. And when he died, I was surprised, but I didn`t feel sorry for Renly. Here, is a much more "stereotypical" gay but a much more complex charater. And I think he is more likable than in the books. I can more easily identify with him. That probably makes me one of the few that actually like show Renly, I guess.
					
					
							Edited by Golden Brown, 17 April 2012 - 09:42 AM.
609	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	I don't think the Winterfell story will get that far this season.  Based on show titles, Theon will take Winterfell in episode 8.  Reek was not with him then.  He came in later.  If my memory is correct, he comes in while the Winterfell guard is out trying to deal with Ramsay and the old woman he forcefully wed....Which I hope is early in season 3.Reek was already there.  The ironmen found him in the dungeons.  He was part of the scene where Osha turned coat and Mikken got killed
610	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Craster does kick the Watch out, but not until book 3 that I recall.  He does tell them that they have to leave at dawn because he can't feed them all or something to that effect.In the book, Mormont was well aware of what Craster did with his sons; it just wasn't his business.The scenes with Theon screaming @ Balon about giving him away was really well done.  I would think that Theon would naturally be bitter with his father for that.The scene with Tyrion and Varys was brilliant too and I think they picked the right actors for these parts.  They both nail it every time.I also liked how they physically show how Sansa's "captivity" has changed her.I definitely enjoyed this episode more than the first 2.  I understand that they can't keep the subtleties (sp??) of the POV's from the book the same.  It doesn't work on screen and people will miss the inuendos.In CoK he tells them they can stay for one night on their way from the beginning if I'm not mistaken. In SoS, he kicks them out on the way back after they are massacred by the others and Sam kills the WW,
611	therustman	2012-04-17	I find it incredible at the reaction to Loras/Renly, it was one of the most purposeful sex (or in this case non-sex) scenes in the series as they have a genuine caring relationship which is rare amoung westeros nobility. I feel for ppl who cant watch 2 ppl enjoying a moment of intimacy in a TV show. Some of you need to address your own sexuality.
Loved both Brienne and Margerey
I notice Loras mentioned 'Brienne the beauty'
Yoren you are one BAMF and the little extra background was poignent
Just wish Theon had been drowned and the Damphair was introduced.
612	Isabella Stark	2012-04-17	Do we know for a fact that they haven't cast Ramsay? Or are they just keeping the casting under wraps so the audience doesn't guess that Reek turns out to be Ramsay in disguise.I'm really hoping for option B on this one because how else will Theon end up in the Dreadfort?This has been my theory.  They can't really announce they've cast Ramsey, because then when "Reek" shows up, people will recognize him as Ramsey.  And accouncing they've cast "Reek" signals that he's important somehow.  This particular plot line really depends on a seemingly unimportant person turning out to be someone quite important.  I think the audience needs to be fooled along with Theon.They could be saving the Ramsey reveal for season 3, and just handle Reek/ Ramsey like they did Jagen H'gar in the last episode of last season- an extra in disguise whose place can be taken over by whatever actor they hire next season.  However, given the plot titles and summaries (Ep 7- "Theon goes hunting;" Ep 8 is titled "The Prince of Winterfall") it sounds like some very Reek centered stuff is happening this season.Anyway, I really hope they have Reek/ Ramsey around this season, because I found that whole storyline so engrossing.I think this switched identity thing is going to be really hard to pull off. Consider Arstan Whitebeard, whom we should be seeing later on this series. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s easy for him to fool Dany, but the audience? Good luck with that one.I don't think this storyline requires the audience to be surprised along with Dany.  In fact, it might be more interesting if the audience recognizes "Arstan."  The unsullied will be wondering what he's doing there.....
613	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-17	^ I think they will make it obvious it is Barristan. Adds tension
614	Aegnor	2012-04-17	Not sure if it's been mentioned, but I don't think we've seen Shaga at all this season. I'm thinking the actor is no longer with the show. The only names hill tribe person we've seen in season 2 is Timmit son of Timmit.
615	oierem	2012-04-17	I don't think the Winterfell story will get that far this season.  Based on show titles, Theon will take Winterfell in episode 8.  Reek was not with him then.  He came in later.  If my memory is correct, he comes in while the Winterfell guard is out trying to deal with Ramsay and the old woman he forcefully wed....Which I hope is early in season 3.Nope, Winterfell will be taken in episode 6, Theon will hunt for the Star children in 7, yara will visit him in 8, and the sack of winterfel will be in episode 10.Otherwise, what will Theon do in the second half of the season? He's story is being one of the most interesting ones this season!
616	lightbringer333	2012-04-17	margarey is one hot and very cool character. the way she ask about her brother and renly relationship. she was very undestanding character. i wish i wuld have wife like her.
617	Lord Martin	2012-04-17	Loved the episode on the whole.  The changes made for TV were mostly necessary and I like the choices.  Tyrions "One. Two. Three" trap was MASTERFULLY done.
I didn't care for the Sansa/Shae scene.  My take on Sansa in ACOK is that despite being around all the horrors of King's Landing (Joffrey, Cersei, the Hound) and despite all her bad treatment, she still feels for others and can be motivated to bravery if it will help others.  E.g., Ser Dontos, praying with the women during the sack and a few others I'm sure I'm forgetting.  
I can't wait to hear Arya's prayer... a nice gift from Yoren.  Did anyone else notice how much they made him look like Ned?  Long hair, the beard... he looked A LOT like Ned.
618	littleayrastark	2012-04-17	This was my favorite episode of the season so far. I loved Maergery, Natalie Dormer was perfect. So many people were concerned about her casting (too old, not innocent enough etc) but she nailed it. I also liked that, as suspected based upon Natalie Dormer's casting, they are making Maerg into much more of a player.
Renly, "Maergery's a virgin?"
Loras, "Officially."
Hah, that was great. And no I don't think Maerg and Loras relationship is anything other than brother and sister. He likes guys, she likes guys too and has had a lover or two end of story. She's just practical and it was obvious that Renly wasn't interested in her sexually so she was just trying to help him get the job done.
It looks like they are compressing Arya's journey, since she seems to be on her way to Harrenhal (which I can't wait to see btw) much more quickly than in the book. I can pass on the whole march of death thing with the little kids so that is fine by me.
I bet Ramsey doesn't show up until season 3. Considering Reek/Ramsey wasn't cast it seems like a safe bet. They may introduce him differently, avoiding the whole subterfuge as Reek during the Winterfell capture; or dress up an extra for the part until they cast it for S3.
The Reeds may be out altogether or show up in season 3 (maybe just one of them, do you really need Jojen?) or even be replaced with original characters that can lead Bran beyond the wall (or maybe Osha will do it since the producers like her). Bran will be older so they may not be able to resist throwing in a girl for him to have a crush on. They have a lot of info about the past and Robert's rebellion but that could be left out. After all Ned's flashbacks were left out too. I'd personally rather them focus on telling the main story as best they can even if it means taking out characters and, or events from the book.
619	Kantor	2012-04-17	Me to - but I'm half way through ADWD - and really - this can be pulled off without them.  I like them a lot -- but I think in the end i can live with it.Maybe they'll bring them in later?  Is it totally out of the question?I think they'll be brought in later. They definitely need to be there when Bran is heading north to see Bloodraven, but for now Bran's subplot isn't as important as that of Tyrion, Jon and Dany, so they'll need to sacrifice some of it.
620	Kantor	2012-04-17	The Reeds may be out altogether or show up in season 3 (maybe just one of them, do you really need Jojen?) or even be replaced with original characters that can lead Bran beyond the wall (or maybe Osha will do it since the producers like her). Bran will be older so they may not be able to resist throwing in a girl for him to have a crush on. They have a lot of info about the past and Robert's rebellion but that could be left out. After all Ned's flashbacks were left out too. I'd personally rather them focus on telling the main story as best they can even if it means taking out characters and, or events from the book.I was thinking the opposite - do you really need Meera? Jojen is a greenseer. He's the one who knows about the Three-Eyed Crow and convinces Bran to go North.
621	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-17	You need Meera so that she can be the older, wiser one.  And Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s love-interest. And the survivor.
622	DaveSumm	2012-04-17	Let's face it, Osha and Luwin are clearly filling in for the Reeds already. I'd love to see them as much as anyone, but I can't think of a purpose past this season. Encouraging Bran's warging? Already happening, will probably be completely capable by the end of the season. Heading to 3EC? Well we know Bran escapes at the end of this season, where's he gonna go?
So what's Meera and Jojen gonna say? Well done so far, keep warging and keep heading north? Nah.
Reek on the other hand, is crucial to Theon's arc and I'd wager he'll be in Season 3, and Season 2 will end with Theon killing the kids and then a closing shot confirming that Bran and Rickon survived.
623	salt	2012-04-17	You need Meera so that she can be the older, wiser one.  And Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s love-interest. And the survivor.No, you really don't.  Out of necessity posed by both budget and time restraints the show has already cut numerous characters, and will cut many more.  Unless Meera does something integral to the plot that GRRM warned them about, we likely won't see her.  Its possible that they could condense both the reeds into one character, but I think the likelihood is that neither of them will make it to the show.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 17 April 2012 - 03:22 PM.
624	Slaytanic213	2012-04-17	In CoK he tells them they can stay for one night on their way from the beginning if I'm not mistaken.In SoS, he kicks them out on the way back after they are massacred by the others and Sam kills the WW,That's what I was saying in a round about way...LOL
625	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-17	You need Meera so that she can be the older, wiser one.  And Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s love-interest. And the survivor.Make Jojen a couple of years older a bit more savvy and make Bran gay. Sorted!
626	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-17	To be honest, I'd like the Reeds to be there as well but we all know there have to be some sacrifices in the adaptation. And any non-essential character is going to be 'on the block' so to speak. If you really think about it, neither of the Reed's are essential and if they decide to cut both (or maybe bring them in later) to balance the budget or devote more time to other storylines/characters which people would be just as pissed off if they scimped on, I'm all for it.
627	Seed	2012-04-17	Episode 4.I hear Episode 5 is where he gets it.
628	Auska	2012-04-17	Why y'all negotiating away all our characters without a counteroffer? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
629	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-17	Fabulous episode apart from one bit: Sansa Shae.Rant warning:What on EARTH was this supposed to be? Showing that Sansa is bitchy or what? She isn't bitchy in the books so it's just a complete deviation from her character. It made no sense plotwise and was just totally bewildering. We get time showing Sansa with Shae, but no time showing Sansa with, well anything plot related? Tommen and Myrcella get more interesting comments than Sansa. Come on! It's too bad as well since apart from that I thought the episode was the best this season.So, that bit? Utter, total bollocks.It's not needed to "foreshadow" the wedding either since Shae has no part in that, and Tyrion already does by talking about marriages being made for alliances.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 17 April 2012 - 02:41 PM.
630	Silverx2	2012-04-17	To be fair, Shae does become her handmaiden in the book.
Why dont people let this play out a bit instead of ranting after 2 minutes of screen time.
Just like last week when people were all in a hissy over the cliffhanger with craster, and that turned out perfectly fine.
631	Auska	2012-04-17	I think the problem is exactly that we're not getting much from Sansa. I distinctly thought her pretty bratty all throughout GoT and a bit into ACOK, too, but those aspects didn't really come to the forefront in the show. So I think this - in addition to showing the frustration she has - is maybe helpful to contrast the transition in her later on.
					
					
							Edited by Auska, 17 April 2012 - 02:48 PM.
632	True Northerner	2012-04-17	I thought Sansa was totally bitchy in the books... and it makes sense that she is being hard on Shae. She has no power, no say, she can't speak her mind, so she is going to explode at someone, somewhere. I thought that whole Sansa/Shae scene really showed how hard of a time Sansa is having... she just yelled at her only potential ally.
633	redraike	2012-04-17	I was thinking the opposite - do you really need Meera? Jojen is a greenseer. He's the one who knows about the Three-Eyed Crow and convinces Bran to go North.If you're going to tack close to the books, Jojen gets pretty seriously ill.   I guess you don't need Meera, but it would help if Hodor doesn't have to carry both Bran AND Jojen himself.  I guess that leaves Cold Hands...
					
					
							Edited by redraike, 17 April 2012 - 02:58 PM.
634	shadow of death	2012-04-17	From the day theon's father surrendered he was screwed.  The Starks dont trust him and his own family doesn't consider him one of them.  It's no wonder he is so messed up.
635	The Cocky Wolf	2012-04-17	God what a great episode i really loved the scene when Tyrion and bronn went in and threw Pycelle into the black cells love how Tyrion casually tells Shagga to cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats haha freaking awesome. I agree with many of the other posters on their that the Renyl/loras/Megarie scens were a lil weird but i guess when it comes to HBO they'll just jam as much sexual content in as possible. At least it served somewhat of a purpose like questioning M's virginity and the whole Tyrell/Renly relationship. The fight scene with Yoren was a bit lacking .Yoren is one of my favorites /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> all around good ep moved the story line ahead and we got to see renly as a king even if hes only alive for like 2 eps maybe three. Really happy seeing that the preview for next sundays ep shows Renly with a peach. hopefully the exchange with the Baratheon Bros goes much like in the books which i thought was well written and almost ironic in a way.
					
					
							Edited by The Cocky Wolf, 17 April 2012 - 03:46 PM.
636	Maester Hodor	2012-04-17	I was thinking the opposite - do you really need Meera?Jojen is a greenseer. He's the one who knows about the Three-Eyed Crow and convinces Bran to go North.Jojen has "green dreams" which makes see into the future sometimes. He's not a Greenseer. Only Bran and Lord Bloodraven are greenseers (and maybe the children of the forest? I dont know)But I do agree Jojen would be more important than Meera for the TV show.
637	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-17	I thought Sansa was totally bitchy in the books... and it makes sense that she is being hard on Shae. She has no power, no say, she can't speak her mind, so she is going to explode at someone, somewhere. I thought that whole Sansa/Shae scene really showed how hard of a time Sansa is having... she just yelled at her only potential ally.Sansa is not bitchy in the books, how on earth are you reaching that conclusion? Have you READ the books at all?And what "only potential ally"? Shae is supposed to be Sansa's ally how? And why? Seriously, no. It's not anywhere in the books, nowhere.We could have got some real Sansa exposition, some interaction with the Hound, her torment with Joffrey, anything. Instead we get....Shae. They have what? Two scenes together in ASOS? Ridiculous, just utterly, utterly bad.Sansa's ASOS arc is going to come straight out of the blue and her interaction with Dontos and the Hound? Ignored. Completely and utterly ignored.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 17 April 2012 - 03:48 PM.
638	J_Crews	2012-04-17	Maybe they'll bring [the Reeds] in later?  Is it totally out of the question? Next season.  They (or a single character who is a composite of the two) will meet Bran in the wild after he sets out on his journey.  I'd put $$$ on it.
639	The Cocky Wolf	2012-04-17	Fabulous episode apart from one bit: Sansa Shae.Rant warning:What on EARTH was this supposed to be? Showing that Sansa is bitchy or what? She isn't bitchy in the books so it's just a complete deviation from her character. It made no sense plotwise and was just totally bewildering. We get time showing Sansa with Shae, but no time showing Sansa with, well anything plot related? Tommen and Myrcella get more interesting comments than Sansa. Come on! It's too bad as well since apart from that I thought the episode was the best this season.So, that bit? Utter, total bollocks.It's not needed to "foreshadow" the wedding either since Shae has no part in that, and Tyrion already does by talking about marriages being made for alliances.yeah the most reasonable purpose for this scene is to introduce a relationship between Sansa and Shea, so when tyrion and sansa get married the relationship between Shea and Sansa will become a bit more inresting, not a bad way to introduce this mini plot line IMO. I guess it makes sense if you see it this way becuase it was intresting that Shea wasnt jealous in the books this tv show Shea might think differently about the whole situation.
640	Maester Hodor	2012-04-17	We could have got some real Sansa exposition, some interaction with the Hound, her torment with Joffrey, anything. Instead we get....Shae. They have what? Two scenes together in ASOS? Ridiculous, just utterly, utterly bad.I agree. They should have changed the Sansa/Shae scene to Sansa/Sandor or Sansa/Joffrey. It would have been a lot more meaningful.I hope they show the scene when Sansa bumps into drunk Sandor when she's coming back from the godswood. I loved that part in the book!
					
					
							Edited by Maester Hodor, 17 April 2012 - 04:09 PM.
641	David Selig	2012-04-17	Fabulous episode apart from one bit: Sansa Shae.Rant warning:What on EARTH was this supposed to be? Showing that Sansa is bitchy or what? She isn't bitchy in the books so it's just a complete deviation from her character. It made no sense plotwise and was just totally bewildering. We get time showing Sansa with Shae, but no time showing Sansa with, well anything plot related? Tommen and Myrcella get more interesting comments than Sansa. Come on! It's too bad as well since apart from that I thought the episode was the best this season.So, that bit? Utter, total bollocks.It's not needed to "foreshadow" the wedding either since Shae has no part in that, and Tyrion already does by talking about marriages being made for alliances. This was my initial reaction to the scene. Then I remembered that in the show they have done very little to show the kind, courteous and caring side of Sansa, unfortunately. Only thing that comes to mind is saving Dontos. On the other hand, they've added scenes where's been petulant and bitchy like her "I don't care" moment to Septa Mordaine in the first season. TV Sansa is very different from Book Sansa. Some of the changes feel pointless, both those scenes where she's bitchy have added nothing to the plot and watching her being petulant is simply boring.
642	Ravenhair	2012-04-17	I love all the nerdrage comments, since I've posted so many myself.  I already listed the reasons that this episode was the best so far in an incredibly frustrating season.  Anyone want to take bets as to which episode will show Jaime and Brienne having sex?  With as much character and plot divergence as we've seen, I expect it.  BTW, has anyone mentioned the SNL skit about GoT that aired Saturday night?
643	Ravenhair	2012-04-17	Did you really hate Theon BEFORE he ends up taking Winterfell? Relax, he may seen like a protagonist now but obviously that will surely change by seasons end. Plus, making him sympathetic to the audience now, will only make it that much worse when people see what he does.And couldn't agree more how excellent Alfie Allen was in that scene with Balon. His speech was very heartfelt and an amazing addition by the writers to add this.I didn't have full-on hatred for Theon at that point in the books, but he disgusted me in some ways--his sex with the ship captain's daughter was very "mean," and he was so cocky that he evoked pity and disgust.  Then, after what Asha did to him, he was pitiable.  Even after all the Winterfell scenes, I felt pity and disgust for him. It wasn't until much, much later in the books that I started feeling his remorse at not being by Robb's side when he died.  I found the Reek chapters to be both physically and emotionally uncomfortable to read, and I was very surprised by that.  Normally, I would have expected to feel that Theon was getting was he deserved, but I just didn't feel that way--the Reek chapters were so cringeworthy that I genuinely felt bad for Theon. To get me to that point in the TV show, I need to hate Theon more than I do now.
644	ph2586	2012-04-17	I just saw that the season finale is named  (as many of us thought so) Valar Morghulis /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
645	Rockroi	2012-04-17	What on EARTH was this supposed to be? Showing that Sansa is bitchy or what? She isn't bitchy in the books so it's just a complete deviation from her character. It made no sense plotwise and was just totally bewildering. We get time showing Sansa with Shae, but no time showing Sansa with, well anything plot related? Tommen and Myrcella get more interesting comments than Sansa. Come on! It's too bad as well since apart from that I thought the episode was the best this season.Sansa is a tough character to write; a tough character to act and a tough character to block (ie: story blocking).  I agree its a departure from the books, but if they have Shea go wuith Lady Stokeworth,  that menas they have to introduce Lady Stokeworth.  Seriously- the show is having a hard enough time as it is keeping fans interested in the characters they already have!  Also, when you factor in the logistics of the story (think about Shea in the book and Sansa in the book after a certain wedding) and it seems like a natural fit.I greatly disliked the scene because it contained Shea and Shea makes goodness cry. Now, this may sound like an excuse but ... Sansa's actual reaction?  It was totaly justified and not bitchy.  Shea is TERRIBLE at her job (this job not ... not another ... j-job... seriouly- pretend you did not just read that).  She is a fucking awful handmaiden.  Sansa's reaction is totaly cool.  And considering she has had such a terrible day/week/month since her dad got one head shorter, her reaction seems perfectly natural. I mean I agree its not a great scvene because Sansa is so silent right now but in book terms?  She really does not have much to say.  Yet.
646	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-17	Sansan will have a scene next episode. As will Sansa and Dontos. There aren't that many interactions between Sansa and those characters in the book anyway so stop fretting
647	Silmarien	2012-04-17	Î3Î1á<U+00BF>¶Î¸Î1 IÎµÎ±I<U+0085>I<U+0084>I<U+008C>Î1Ok that took me a looooong time to figure out on Google translator, glad they have language detection!  But I agree!!
648	Keegan	2012-04-17	[Mod] Let's be very clear here. Homophobia is NOT tolerated on this board. Consider this a warning[/Mod]I want to say that the Renly scene bothered me. It is classless like most of the sex scenes in the show. It was put in for some shock value, like the sperm on the mouth.  A recent Martin interview at an easter con had him saying he liked to be subtle. NONE of the sex in the show is subtle.AND I'm not AFRAID of Homosexuals. I'm AFRAID of people who want to silence objections!
649	Merrett Frey	2012-04-17	I want to say that the Renly scene bothered me. It is classless like most of the sex scenes in the show. It was put in for some shock value, like the sperm on the mouth.  A recent Martin interview at an easter con had him saying he liked to be subtle. NONE of the sex in the show is subtle.AND I'm not AFRAID of Homosexuals. I'm AFRAID of people who want to silence objections!If classlessness and lack of subtlety really is your complaint, I feel compelled to point out that a few loving kisses between Renly and Loras was far less graphic and gratuitous than a lot of the actual sex scenes in the show. As far as Martin's subtlety in the books, well, perhaps you and I aren't reading the same series? Fat pink mast? Myrish swamp? How about Jaime and Cersei going at it next to Tywin's stinky corpse?Or maybe it's only when it's two men kissing that you would prefer more "subtlety?"
					
					
							Edited by Merrett Frey, 17 April 2012 - 08:29 PM.
650	Baitac	2012-04-17	Regarding Sansa: she wasn't incorrect about anything that she said about handmaidens. I felt bad for her because she is absolutely alone in that damned place. Someone knocked at her door and it was like "what now?" "what more do I have to deal with?" Had they not just discussed killing her brother? My head would have exploded with that knock at the door. I don't blame her at all for being sharp.
651	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-17	This was my initial reaction to the scene. Then I remembered that in the show they have done very little to show the kind, courteous and caring side of Sansa, unfortunately. Only thing that comes to mind is saving Dontos. On the other hand, they've added scenes where's been petulant and bitchy like her "I don't care" moment to Septa Mordaine in the first season. TV Sansa is very different from Book Sansa. Some of the changes feel pointless, both those scenes where she's bitchy have added nothing to the plot and watching her being petulant is simply boring.I've noticed, mostly in re-watching Season 1, that Sansa's voice is rather whiny.  Which is odd; since I've heard the young actress speak in an interview or two, and she has a quite pleasant voice as herself.  I wonder if the directors told her to go for whiny and petulant.  Book-Sansa would never be so utterly rude to her Septa; even though Sansa was mean and obnoxious to Arya.  I do think TV-Sansa is wasted on altercations with Shae; but then, I really wish we saw less of TV-Shae altogether, the character is not only so different from the book original as to be unrecognizable, she's not very convincing.Alfie Allen is doing some great stuff as Theon so far this season; I like Brienne; and Tyrion is wonderful.
652	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-17	I thought Sansa was totally bitchy in the books... and it makes sense that she is being hard on Shae. She has no power, no say, she can't speak her mind, so she is going to explode at someone, somewhere. I thought that whole Sansa/Shae scene really showed how hard of a time Sansa is having... she just yelled at her only potential ally.Eh? Ally?I thought the scene showed her utter frustration and helplessness. She's surrounded by ruthless murderers all day who beat her and who aim to kill more of her loved ones, and she has to mime being their little dove or worse things happen to her. Her life is this miserable, hopless pantomime. But when she gets back to her room, are her tribulations done? Nope.We get Shae, who is obviously no true maid. So what is she? Is she a spy, or is she just another jab from the Lannisters to make her life miserable? She can't tell, but she knows that it sucks. There are tears in her eyes the whole time she's yelling at Shae (and for good reason, besides--if you don't know word one about your job, you don't even get hired. That's why people ask for resumes in today's world, and that's why domestic help needed references in the past).An obviously fake maid is another problem, and is anything but an ally for her.edit: I do agree that her attitude towards the septa in season 1 is utterly not in keeping with her book character, who always kept her courteses (isn't this what Clegane teases her about?). That said, I don't blame Sophie Turner; her performances are top notch. The range of emotions and expressions she showed, wordlessly, through the dinner scene were remarkable.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 17 April 2012 - 08:40 PM.
653	Maroucia	2012-04-17	I just watched this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode.
I really liked it! To be truthful, there were no parts that I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t likeâ<U+0080>¦ All the scenes were great. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I thought the Marg/Loras/Renly scene was tasteful and needed, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know why anyone would not like it.
The Sansa/Shae scene didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t bother me at all, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m a big fan of Sansa. She wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a brat, Shae really seemed to be out of place and Sansa saw it right away; did any of you noticed that Shae was eating food from the table while cleaning it? That would surely seems odd to me if I were a Lady and my maid would do that in front of me. I worked in restaurants, and waiters do not eat the leftovers the costumers left on the tables, especially if they are still there; you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do that.
Also, Sansa was not in a good mood at all, she was just about to cry when Shae entered.
I liked â<U+0080><U+009C>Yaraâ<U+0080><U+009D>. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll get the chance to prove herself soon.
My only complaint: not enough Sandor in the last two episodes! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
Hopefully we will get to see him at least a little next week!
Oh! And Brienne was FANTASTIC!!!
654	Silmarien	2012-04-17	Who was the guy that stabbed Lommy Greenhands at the end?I'd guess Polliver, bc he was the one who took Needle.
655	Craven Mummer	2012-04-17	Any chance we see Baric Dondarrion (sp?) before we get UnCat? It would be nice to have some reminder that he and his guys are still out there before they get sprung on us next season. I doubt the non readers will remember Ned sending them after the mountain.
(null)
656	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-17	I just saw that the season finale is named  (as many of us thought so) Valar Morghulis /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
657	Brewmaster	2012-04-17	I was thinking the opposite - do you really need Meera? Jojen is a greenseer. He's the one who knows about the Three-Eyed Crow and convinces Bran to go North.You don't need either Meera or Jojen. Bran has the green dreams now, which makes sense anyway as he is the one to become the last Greenseer. Just give Bran Jojen's green dreams and Bran becomes the one that knows he needs to go North to see the 3 eyed Crow. Makes sense that Bloodraven is calling him up there anyway.The Reeds aren't neccessary, they mostly provide some colorful backstory about the Children of the Forest, the Harrenhall tournament and clues about Stark history.Have Osha take Bran, Hodor & Rickon to the Wall. Coldhands then takes Bran and Hodor north from there and Osha takes Rickon east to Skagos, which is due East of the Wall anyway.
658	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-04-18	Just a thought-
I hope we get some Tickling done on the way to Harrenhal.  Otherwise, perhaps the most gratifying set-up in the entire series gets missed:   "Is there gold hidden in the village?  Silver?  Gems?  Do you know where Berric Dondarion is?  How many men does he have?  How many mounted?  How many foot?  Is there gold hidden in the village?...  
Call me sick- but Arya yelling that as she stabs the Tickler is among my favorite bits.  That one's got the wolf's blood for sure.
659	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-18	I agree. They should have changed the Sansa/Shae scene to Sansa/Sandor or Sansa/Joffrey. It would have been a lot more meaningful.I hope they show the scene when Sansa bumps into drunk Sandor when she's coming back from the godswood. I loved that part in the book!Well, I just wonder if there will be time for a lot of Sansa/Joffrey or Sansa/Sandor since instead we get a good scene illustrating how sad and terrible Sansa feels (the one with Cersei, Tommen and Myrcella) and then it's like "oh btw, in case you were really thick and missed that Sansa was sad and wretched, her she is even more sad and wretched but now with extra bitchiness!"Does. Not. Make. Sense.Oh and count me in as one of the people really waiting for the Tickler.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 18 April 2012 - 01:25 AM.
660	BlackTalon	2012-04-18	I just saw that the season finale is named  (as many of us thought so) Valar Morghulis /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />What. I donÂ´t get it ....? Arya getting the coin from Jaquen is nowhere near the end of ACOK, and her leaving Westeros is near the end of ASOS, why would the finale of Season 2 be called Valar Morghulis?Or has her departure been moved forward? her endless meanderings through the riverlands were not exactly thrilling to read but provide a lot of information, but on the other hand that would mean she completely misses the RW ...?
661	BlackTalon	2012-04-18	Sansa is not bitchy in the books, how on earth are you reaching that conclusion? Have you READ the books at all?Have you? Sansa and Jeyne poole whinnying whenever they see Arya, her telling Arya "It will be a SPLENDID feast, you shanÂ´t be wanted", her opinion of Mycah and od Arya interacting socially with PEASANT SCUM, she doesnÂ´t even go into the stables because they are such terribly smelly places... and you think she isnÂ´t bitchy? Yes, she can be very sweet and pleasant ... to lordlings and princes.
662	J_Crews	2012-04-18	Just a thought-I hope we get some Tickling done on the way to Harrenhal.  Otherwise, perhaps the most gratifying set-up in the entire series gets missed:   "Is there gold hidden in the village?  Silver?  Gems?  Do you know where Berric Dondarion is?  How many men does he have?  How many mounted?  How many foot?  Is there gold hidden in the village?...  Call me sick- but Arya yelling that as she stabs the Tickler is among my favorite bits.  That one's got the wolf's blood for sure.The preview for next week seemed to show some torture of captives happening at Harrenhal, so all may not be lost.  I too want to see the setup you're talking about.  It made my heart happy when he got his just deserts.
663	TheDrawback	2012-04-18	I think this was the best episode so far although too bad they didn't have a bigger budget. Would love to see Hot Pie scream HOT PIE!!!! in the battle and the part were Pycelles member is cut off was left out too. Also do you guys think Dagmer Cleftjaw will be left out according to Theon only getting one ship in stead of the score he got in the book? Would be quite hard to make the Winterfel plot or they could probably just use someone else.
The Shea scenes were a bit boring but everything else was just great. Looking forward to downloading next weeks episode.
664	BlackTalon	2012-04-18	At no point is PycelleÂ´s member cut off. That doesnÂ´t happen in the book.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 18 April 2012 - 03:48 AM.
665	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-18	What. I donÂ´t get it ....? Arya getting the coin from Jaquen is nowhere near the end of ACOK, and her leaving Westeros is near the end of ASOS, why would the finale of Season 2 be called Valar Morghulis?
	Spoiler  This is what she says as she slits the throat of the gatehouse guard

					
					
							Edited by Harle The Handsome, 18 April 2012 - 03:55 AM.
666	Buckwheat	2012-04-18	I have not read the whole thread, so I do not know if it was said yet, but Sammy after  his conversation with Gilly is adorable.
667	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-18	Have you? Sansa and Jeyne poole whinnying whenever they see Arya, her telling Arya "It will be a SPLENDID feast, you shanÂ´t be wanted", her opinion of Mycah and od Arya interacting socially with PEASANT SCUM, she doesnÂ´t even go into the stables because they are such terribly smelly places... and you think she isnÂ´t bitchy? Yes, she can be very sweet and pleasant ... to lordlings and princes.And which book is that? ACOK? No, it's in AGOT. In ACOK Sansa is never bitchy, not once. This season is ACOK; not AGOT.The whole point of Sansa's development in late AGOT and later on is to dissuade her of the notions of shallow prettiness and valiant knights which she held in AGOT. This should be impossible to miss.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 18 April 2012 - 04:15 AM.
668	TheDrawback	2012-04-18	At no point is PycelleÂ´s member cut off. That doesnÂ´t happen in the book.Huh thought i read something about shagga bursting in swinging his axe and cutting it off or something xD Was a while back though am now almost through Dance /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
669	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-18	Huh thought i read something about shagga bursting in swinging his axe and cutting it off or something xD Was a while back though am now almost through Dance /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />No, Shagga broke down the door with his axe, but Tyrion told him to cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats in order to freak out Pycelle.  The only thing that got cut off was Pycelle's beard.
670	TheDrawback	2012-04-18	No, Shagga broke down the door with his axe, but Tyrion told him to cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats in order to freak out Pycelle.Â Â The only thing that got cut off was Pycelle's beard.Aaaah crap looked so much better in my immagination xD
671	boojam	2012-04-18	I just saw that the season finale is named  (as many of us thought so) Valar Morghulis /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />I just saw that too. does not say who is writing it.I wonder if that means Arya stays at Harrenhal from E4 to E10?Seems that , may, refer to Weasel Soup , departure of Jaqen and the escape from Harrenhal.Weasel Soup is the longest sequence of Arya-Jaqen interaction, I hope they keep it.Wonder what of CoK has been pushed into S3?In S3 figure the Arya travelog with Gendry and Hot Pie will be shortened, tho there are nearly 8 chapters of it, seems like a big chop.Then Arya's travels with the Hound begin. There is a ton of Arya's story in ASoS, she shouldn't get to the Stalpans till the end of episode 4! In fact that episode could be called valar dohaeris.Like many others I think ASoS is the best novel in the series hope they don't rearrange it too much.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 April 2012 - 05:43 AM.
672	Arkash	2012-04-18	Weasel Soup is the longest sequence of Arya-Jaqen interaction, I hope they keep it.I agree, they cant skipp it... but I would never have imagined "Valar Morghulis" to be the title of the season finale... My deepest feat there is that they make her leave Westeros in this episode and skipp her whole storyline in Storm which would be... an awful choice... but I'm sure I'm wrong and they are just using this title to remind of the importance of it and so the show watchers will remember it, and strongly possible that we'll have a lot of Arya there !
673	Greywolf2375	2012-04-18	To be fair, Shae does become her handmaiden in the book.Why dont people let this play out a bit instead of ranting after 2 minutes of screen time.Just like last week when people were all in a hissy over the cliffhanger with craster, and that turned out perfectly fine.So what was the point of Craster knocking out Jon?  How did it add to the story?  It was a contrived cliffhanger for no point other than "end of episode".The point most are trying to make is in that two minutes of screen time we get nothing from Sansa or Shae that develops anything related to the story.  If it was to show that Sansa is becoming more aware of her surroundings & that this person might be a new spy - that was done in the first 15 seconds.   After that it was pointless.
674	The Monkey	2012-04-18	I agree, they cant skipp it... but I would never have imagined "Valar Morghulis" to be the title of the season finale...My deepest feat there is that they make her leave Westeros in this episode and skipp her whole storyline in Storm which would be... an awful choice... but I'm sure I'm wrong and they are just using this title to remind of the importance of it and so the show watchers will remember it, and strongly possible that we'll have a lot of Arya there !No way in hell.This episode last episode will probably contain her escape from Harrenhall, and her cutting the guard's throat (which I saw a major character moment in the novel, hope they don't cut it). In the novel she gets the coin from Jaq'en before Roose arrives, but they can easily rearrange it so that she gets the coin after Roose's arrival, right before she leaves.Or the title could just, like someone said, refer to the fact that she says it right before slitting the guard's throat in her last CoK chapter.
675	Silverx2	2012-04-18	So what was the point of Craster knocking out Jon?  How did it add to the story?  It was a contrived cliffhanger for no point other than "end of episode".Maybe YOU got no point other then "end of episode" but for all the HBO subs who have not read the books, they got a very real clifhanger. Last season we saw the 'main character' get his head chopped off. GOT is a no holds barred type TV show, and if you are able to leave your audience(the majority at least) on the edge of their seats in high anticipation for the next episode you will see rating increases.If you want to get more indepth beyond the "business" of a TV show it also resulted in other things.1.)it reminded the viewers that something else is out there. something not human.2.)It showed that Jon Snow despite being good with a sword is still very green(running into a situation without thought, or awareness) And that despite all that, if he tries to save a baby he does not know. Selfless acts are the ones of heroes.3.)It gave an inside look at how Grey the world really is, even someone as "good" as the nightwatch will let something continue to happen, if it means ultimately their rangers will have a safe place to stop beyond the wall. 4.)It showed that despite that The old Bear DOES care that its happening, and also reaffirms his feelings that Jon would make a good leader. You can see this when he gives Jon the sword back5.)It shows that Craster, Despite being a fucking bastard, is still a human, and isnt just some blood thirsty monster. He could have killed snow, but he didnt, he let him live, and he let him leave with all his appendages.6.)it verified whats happening to the sons.None of those reasons might mean anything to you, and thats perfectly fine, but news flash, this show isnt being made for you. It's being made for a wider audience full of people who have never read the books..The point most are trying to make is in that two minutes of screen time we get nothing from Sansa or Shae that develops anything related to the story.  If it was to show that Sansa is becoming more aware of her surroundings & that this person might be a new spy - that was done in the first 15 seconds.   After that it was pointless.You say that now, but again you have no idea whats written for the next few episodes, so like i said before, how about you take a breath, and wait til next week and see how it plays out.
676	True Northerner	2012-04-18	Sansa is not bitchy in the books, how on earth are you reaching that conclusion? Have you READ the books at all?And what "only potential ally"? Shae is supposed to be Sansa's ally how? And why? Seriously, no. It's not anywhere in the books, nowhere.We could have got some real Sansa exposition, some interaction with the Hound, her torment with Joffrey, anything. Instead we get....Shae. They have what? Two scenes together in ASOS? Ridiculous, just utterly, utterly bad.Sansa's ASOS arc is going to come straight out of the blue and her interaction with Dontos and the Hound? Ignored. Completely and utterly ignored.Ummm.. I'd say until being with Littlefinger in the Vale, she's pretty damn bitchy. It's pretty bitchy to let your sister's little friend take the fall because you have a crush on a prince. And by ally, I don' mean in the way sense. I mean in the sense that she has no friends in KL (at this point), no one to talk to. So instead of seeing Shae as someone who is there to help her out, she yells at her, she totally freaks out. It's so obvious that she was taking out all her frustrations and anger on this random woman come to see her. It's like when your boss at work yells at you, and then you go home and yell at your spouse. It's deflected anger.
677	Buckwheat	2012-04-18	Ummm.. I'd say until being with Littlefinger in the Vale, she's pretty damn bitchy. It's pretty bitchy to let your sister's little friend take the fall because you have a crush on a prince. And by ally, I don' mean in the way sense. I mean in the sense that she has no friends in KL (at this point), no one to talk to. So instead of seeing Shae as someone who is there to help her out, she yells at her, she totally freaks out.It's so obvious that she was taking out all her frustrations and anger on this random woman come to see her. It's like when your boss at work yells at you, and then you go home and yell at your spouse. It's deflected anger.It is understandable, but it is certainly out of character for Sansa. She never yells at anybody, ever. She keeps her sadness inside her, cries to her pillow at night. She does not take her frustrations out on servants. It is already out of character inside the TV series, even more so if one compares the scene to the books.I hope we see her interact with Sandor soon.
678	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-18	Ummm.. I'd say until being with Littlefinger in the Vale, she's pretty damn bitchy. It's pretty bitchy to let your sister's little friend take the fall because you have a crush on a prince. And by ally, I don' mean in the way sense. I mean in the sense that she has no friends in KL (at this point), no one to talk to. So instead of seeing Shae as someone who is there to help her out, she yells at her, she totally freaks out.It's so obvious that she was taking out all her frustrations and anger on this random woman come to see her. It's like when your boss at work yells at you, and then you go home and yell at your spouse. It's deflected anger.No, she isn't. Link me one quote from ACOK or ASOS where Sansa is bitchy. One. I beg you.And she doesn't yell at Shae in the books. Shae and Sansa are not in the same room until ASOS and Shae is originally Lolly's Stokeworth's maid.May I ask, have you actually read the books? In that case you would know that Shae was Lolly's maid, not Sansa's and that Sansa at no point shouts at her. Ever.As for your faulty assumption that "she makes her little sister's friend take the fall", Cersei had sent the Hound out to kill Mycah for laying a hand of the prince of the blood (Joffrey). What should Sansa have done to prevent it? Fought him? Something else? The notion that Sansa could have done something about that is ridiculous. And this, by the way, happened in AGOT. Not in ACOK.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 18 April 2012 - 09:41 AM.
679	Silverx2	2012-04-18	As for your faulty assumption that "she makes her little sister's friend take the fall", Cersei had sent the Hound out to kill Mycah for laying a hand of the prince of the blood (Joffrey). What should Sansa have done to prevent it? Fought him? Something else? The notion that Sansa could have done something about that is ridiculous. And this, by the way, happened in AGOT. Not in ACOK.just off the top of my head, sansa could have told the truth. Joffrey stumbled upon arya and mycha playing with sticks, and decided to whip his sword out and threaten them for no reason other then he could.Surely they wouldnt have killed mycha at that point.
680	Rhaegar Stark	2012-04-18	Great episode. Best in the season, and dare I say it the best of the series. Well executed, excellent acting. My hats off to the cast and crew. As a huge fan of the books I was excited for this show and besides the ridiculous sex scenes in the first season I have not been disappointed. Sunday night has so many flawless shows on it truly is amazing.
681	Rhaegar Stark	2012-04-18	Sorry to DP but kudos to Alfie Allen. He really delivered it this episode and the Iron Islands scenery is gorgeous to say the least.
682	Rockroi	2012-04-18	Can I just give people a bit of advice when you try to make your points? Please refrain from the always sophmoric "Are we reading the same series/books?" or some derivation thereof.  Yes, we are all reading the exact same books and watching the exact same shows.  Unless some of you are drinking when you are doing either activity.Also, It annoys me to no end when people (usually defending themselves) say something along the lines of, "I guess you just don't understand the books/George RR Martin/dramatic programing."  This is so condescending and rude. Believe it or not, most of us "get it" or at the very least are trying to get it.  Also, it must be remembered that the person making this point has absolutely no more special insight into the topic than anyone else with access to common sense and logic. Let me put it this way: which is more disrespectful- somebody complaining about the Renly/Loras scene (so protected by the thought police that we cannot even call it a "sex" scene without the raging indignation of others) or somebody saying, "ZOMG!  Are we reading the same books?  I guess you just don't understand what George RR Martin is accomplishing!"
683	Lyana	2012-04-18	First, I'd like to point out that as a book-reader I find the 3rd episode awesome.
In one other thread I've indicated, that I found the first two episodes very well dreicted with more emphasis on the appearance than on the content.
More than I come back to the third episode, I find more amazing cinematographic decisions. Plus the well-made and condensed storylines, that makes it for me the best episode of the second season so far.
However I fond the reaction of the non-book readers arrond me, who watch the show, very interesting. A colleague of mine, despite the fact that he didn't understand many scenes in the first two episodes, finds them more interesting than the third one. He considers the last episode more boring although he needed no extra explanations this time.
Now to the actual point of this post:
- I liked that episode 3 started right from the end of the previous one. I don't find the acting of Kit Harington poor. I find his interactions with LC Mormont very successful. Sam and Gilly were also fine. About the whole cliffhanger and Craster-sneak-out-to-give-away-his-son thing, I find it a bit weird for the book-readers, but very helpful for those, who haven't read the books. So it was not completely pointless imo.
- The scenes with Bran and his wolf-dreams are a great bonus. His interaction with Maester Luwin is pretty well done. And the direwolf looked great as always.
- The Theon part was the highlight of this episode - the acting, the script, the directing - everything works together to show us one conflicted and deep character. In one moment, after the interaction with his father, you kind of feel sorry for him and soon after that, you hate him for burning the warning letter to Robb. I'm so far at the end of ASoS, so I don't particularly like the Greyjoys, but all the scenes with them are great so far.
- Brienne was HUGE! The actress who plays this character works for me. I also feel the chemistry between her and Catelyn. Think those two will make a great tandem. Also Catelyn talking about how Renly is only playing war was nice.
- Renly / Loras / Margaery - the way those characters were introduced was kind of unexpected for me, but their interactions were well made and showed significant features of their characters. I'm fine with the Renly / Loras scene and loved the way Margaery is portrayed in the show. However I think she will look a bit odd next to Joffrey in the third/fourth season.
- Tyrion, oh Tyrion - the master of the Game /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> . That was great episode for him - owning the scenes with his presence and his amazing acting. What  could I say more... The riddle of Varys was my favourite scene. Love that it was included in the show. One think that bothers me, is that Shae is being too cocky. What does he like about her? The scene with the tree letters was excellent and the "Give-his-manhood-to-the-goats"-exchange was so funny /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
- The scenes with Sansa were very moving. I almost felt her desperation. The actress does some great job here. Congrats!
- And we come to the end with one of my favourites - Arya. The kid is growing really fast. Soon she will be almost as tall as Gendry. The backstory of Yoren was neccessary for the non-book readers imo, not to feel confused when Arya suddenly comes up with her night prayer. Maisie is a great actress: "How do you sleep at night?" That was a fine-performed line, saying it while sharpening her blade ....chilly /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I don't mind that her storyline was condensed, but wellcome this decision. Sorry for Yoren. He was really great.
Can't wait for the next episode! The show is getting better /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
684	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-18	just off the top of my head, sansa could have told the truth. Joffrey stumbled upon arya and mycha playing with sticks, and decided to whip his sword out and threaten them for no reason other then he could.Surely they wouldnt have killed mycha at that point.The truth would have saved Mycah how?  The Hound had already been sent off after Mycah, nothing Sansa would have said could have stopped it.You are also conflating what happened at the river with what happened after. Nothing Sansa could have done at the river could have stopped Joffrey from whipping out his sword, the interrogation came later.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 18 April 2012 - 11:41 AM.
685	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-04-18	just off the top of my head, sansa could have told the truth. Joffrey stumbled upon arya and mycha playing with sticks, and decided to whip his sword out and threaten them for no reason other then he could.[/background]Surely they wouldnt have killed mycha at that point. [/background]eh.  Recall the Hedge Knight, where Dunk would have lost both a hand and a foot for attacking Aerion Brightflame, despite it being entirely called for.  Laying hands on royalty is pretty much a no-no, regardless of the circumstances.re:  Sansa- it may or may not be out of character to act the way she did.  It's believable, at the least.  As for Sansa being less than gracious at times- off the top of my head I can think of her getting bratty with her Septa.   I actually think putting Shae in as her handmaiden now makes her seem less paranoid when the note shows up under her pillow, and she wonders if it's a set-up.
					
					
							Edited by AegonTheUnlikely, 18 April 2012 - 11:49 AM.
686	Sword in the Morning	2012-04-18	Okay. In regards to the Sansa/Shae scene, let me lay this all out for you, bit by bit.
First off, they skipped right past the parts where Shae was kept in the kitchens and with Lollys, because those would have required them to cast more characters. In a series based on books with such an incredibly huge amount of characters, they need to boil it down to those necessary to move the plot forward while still maintaining as much faithfulness to the books as possible. This was also their reasoning for cutting out Jacelyn Bywater and just using Bronn.
Also, in the show, aside from her expression and responses when interacting with Joffrey, we really haven't gotten to see how her position has affected her personally. We don't get to read her stream of consciousness, we don't get to see her thoughts, and we haven't seen her cry into the pillow at night. You may know that happens from reading the books, but I feel the books have clouded your perceptions of the show--someone who hasn't read them won't have seen the despair she's going through.
Yes, they could have written a scene in which she crawls into bed one night and cries herself to sleep. But that would have been airtime with only a single purpose--characterizing Sansa. The scene as it is introduces Shae's new role as handmaiden, shows how ludicrously unprepared she is, which in turn gives logical basis for Sansa to be suspicious. And furthermore, it gives us that characterization of Sansa being overwhelmed and barely able to keep it together in this awful situation she's in. I don't think it makes her look bitchy at all--it makes her look human. If she didn't break down, didn't finally lose her composure once that last straw broke the camel's back (and in a safe environment for her to do so, no less), she would make much less sense as a character.
Beyond this, the show is getting a much richer portrayal of Shae than the books. In the books, you only saw her from Tyrion's perspective, this sweet little sex kitten, precious beyond anything and maybe-possibly returning his feelings of affection. In this scene, we get to see her interacting with someone else, which highlights how she's just sort of entitled and bitchy. It brings to life the "I didn't want to do real people work, so I ran off and started selling my body" sort of mentality she has.
So there. In my opinion, it was a worthwhile scene. And people on these forums actively look for things to complain about in both the books and the show.
687	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-18	So there. In my opinion, it was a worthwhile scene. And people on these forums actively look for things to complain about in both the books and the show.Right, so the second*** thing I have complained about for the first 13 episodes is somehow not worthwhile. I'll keep that in mind.Beyond this, the show is getting a much richer portrayal of Shae than the books. In the books, you only saw her from Tyrion's perspective, this sweet little sex kitten, precious beyond anything and maybe-possibly returning his feelings of affection. In this scene, we get to see her interacting with someone else, which highlights how she's just sort of entitled and bitchy. It brings to life the "I didn't want to do real people work, so I ran off and started selling my body" sort of mentality she has.Which is by the way not at all like book!Shae, which has been debated to death on the forums. And I am ok with the change to Shae, I can live with that. Sansa being bitchy tho, it changes her character.*** this and Ros.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 18 April 2012 - 01:05 PM.
688	ace	2012-04-18	I'm curious why many people think Show Shae is very different from Book Shae. My memory may be a bit hazy but they seem similar enough. Both are always ready to pleasure Tyrion, which is pretty much her role in the story. There was never much character development on her.
Book Shae also complained when Tyrion wanted to send her to the kitchens, and she was eventually made a handmaiden though it wasn't for Sansa in the book. But since that girl was cut it makes sense to give her to Sansa
689	TheColdWinds	2012-04-18	Loved this episode! But there is one thing that bothers me...missing character and forgoten characters. Greatjon, smalljon, Maege Mormont, the Mountain, Beric dondarion and his people, shireen, patchface, the blackfish, edmure tully, hoster tully, black walder, and others that i am forgetting. They have not even mentioned them this season. And im not sure but did i spot Victarion GreyJoy at theons ceronomy?
690	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-18	not enough Ros!! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
691	Maester Murks	2012-04-18	One thing i read in the twop-board: Are they implying, that Tyrion decides to use the "services" of the woman he finds with Pycelle, when he puts the second coin on the table? I didn't think so, but apparently one might get the idea....
692	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-18	Have you? Sansa and Jeyne poole whinnying whenever they see Arya, her telling Arya "It will be a SPLENDID feast, you shanÂ´t be wanted", her opinion of Mycah and od Arya interacting socially with PEASANT SCUM, she doesnÂ´t even go into the stables because they are such terribly smelly places... and you think she isnÂ´t bitchy? Yes, she can be very sweet and pleasant ... to lordlings and princes.And that's how people act in that society. You're not supposed to be chummy with the child of a baker, especially as a child yourself. For all you know, the boy could be dangerous. It's not bitchy, it's common sense. Let's not have double standards, either. Arya throws food at Sansa in front of the royal retinue and all her father's guests, and I imagine most people cheered.Ummm.. I'd say until being with Littlefinger in the Vale, she's pretty damn bitchy. It's pretty bitchy to let your sister's little friend take the fall because you have a crush on a prince. And by ally, I don' mean in the way sense. I mean in the sense that she has no friends in KL (at this point), no one to talk to. So instead of seeing Shae as someone who is there to help her out, she yells at her, she totally freaks out.It's so obvious that she was taking out all her frustrations and anger on this random woman come to see her. It's like when your boss at work yells at you, and then you go home and yell at your spouse. It's deflected anger.What do you mean "take the fall?" The butcher's boy was dead already, and he was dead no matter who said what. Even Eddard Stark, of all people, points out that what Sansa did was the reasonable thing to do. Moreover, you're forgetting that she's a child in unfamiliar territory with unfamiliar people brought before the king and queen and all their armed force and asked whether or not she's going to call the prince a liar. Perhaps a lot of the fandom was unusually mature and far-thinking when they were 13. I certainly wasn't, and most people I knew at that age weren't either. And to Sansa's credit, she didn't throw Arya under the bus. She refused to. Instead, she said that she couldn't recall. She avoided taking sides and thereby avoided escalating the conflict. And what reward does she get? The scorn of the fandom and a dead direwolf.As for Shae being her friend, please. I had a pretty rough day today, I'm sure the cashier who sold me my groceries is my friend. And I'm sure if he stood there vacantly, looking at my groceries and wondering whether the price scanner goes in my mouth or goes in my bag, I ought to have smiled and said "there there now, you're supposed to scan the UPC labels." And if I'm ever interviewed for a job, I'll be sure to go there with a blank resume and say "what experience? I was told that you'd tell me how to do my job!"After all the nonsense Sansa has to go through, surrounded by thugs and murderers all day who beat her if she goes a moment off script, dealing with an utterly incompetent fake maid (who in all likelihood could be a spy) is asking way too much. Bitchy? She was on the verge of tears! Look at her face during the dinner scene and the Shae scene; she's not being spiteful, she's in pain and she's frightened.And if she had befriended Shae and chatted and gossiped with her as if nothing were wrong, I'd wonder if her screws were loose.She's not bitchy, she's a scared teenage girl.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 18 April 2012 - 04:35 PM.
693	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-18	You say that now, but again you have no idea whats written for the next few episodes, so like i said before, how about you take a breath, and wait til next week and see how it plays out.This. I see it everywhere on the boards and I'm annoyed by it too. Fair enough if people compare book scenes with tv scenes, but judging the tv series with book hindsight is ridiculously unfair. It's also the reason I'm willing to cut Ros some slack. We simply do not know what they have in store for her. I haven't been impressed so far but that has nothing to do with the fact that she doesn't exist in the books and is therefore unneccesary from the outset. I'm dissapointed because she needs to develop as a character. If she'll become a substitute/hybrid of other whore characters like alaya(sp?), the whole argument that "screen time can be spent with more important characters" is moot. And even if D&D totally wing it and let Ros become important in another way, I'll feel the same. Dito for shae/sansa. We don't know the future of the series so we can't dismiss certain decisions without having seen the entire season.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 18 April 2012 - 04:41 PM.
694	Sword in the Morning	2012-04-18	Which is by the way not at all like book! Shae, which has been debated to death on the forums. And I am ok with the change to Shae, I can live with that. Sansa being bitchy tho, it changes her character.I don't think Shae's character is very different from the book. I feel like the main difference is that in the book, she was only ever viewed from Tyrion's eyes, who was fooling himself into falling in love with her. TV-Shae is consistent with Shae as she is revealed at the end of ASoS, a selfish, average whore.And the rest of my post spent a lot of time trying to demonstrate that Sansa isn't being bitchy in this scene. She's on the verge of tears, her life is a miserable hell, when she comes home to find that her handmaiden is inexplicably lacking in any knowledge about her job (something totally unheard of), she finally just breaks down because it's all too much. The scene served to give us a better perception of both characters involved, as well as introducing a resolution to the argument over Shae's disguise. It served better than a night-crying scene would have, and makes up for the absence of internal narrative, which is a very large part of Sansa's characterization, since she needs to prevent her true nature from being read by anyone around her.It was a good scene.
695	boojam	2012-04-18	Spoiler  This is what she says as she slits the throat of the gatehouse guard
I am guessing, hope it is this, it comes from the scene where Arya last sees Jaqen and he is telling her what to say.I think he even makes her repeat it.
696	nara	2012-04-18	One thing i read in the twop-board: Are they implying, that Tyrion decides to use the "services" of the woman he finds with Pycelle, when he puts the second coin on the table? I didn't think so, but apparently one might get the idea....The way I interpreted it was that he thought she deserved extra money for having to do it with an OLD man like Pycelle.
697	Lord_Chaplin	2012-04-18	So far this episode is by far my favorite. Seeing Theon's breakdown was great, but I find myself feeling sorry for him a lot more than I thought I would. I never really got a grasp on how large Brienne was and her scene with Renly and Cat was awesome.
698	The Second Hand	2012-04-18	Just saw it.So the series is... decent, at least so far. Unfortunately, I find myself experiencing the same problem I had with the Harry Potter series -- the way I imagine things seem to differ wildly from David Benioff and D.B. Weiss. I like some of the changes, but Ros? A Mediterranean King's Landing? A really awful accent on Dinklage? Stannis being so well cast but so awfully one-note?It feels as if they've taken everything that made Martin's creation so wonderful to walk and now do -- and try -- everything they possibly can to put their own stamp on it. I'm not knocking them specifically, but the source material is sometimes the best way to go. It just is.And where are the bannermen? Why is it that we never see the men that actually fight for Stannis? Maybe it's my fickle self... but maybe I'm right. We'll see.Here's hoping for a better fourth episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Second Hand, 18 April 2012 - 09:29 PM.
699	DanyStark	2012-04-18	I cannot stop thinking about this episode. I think it may be my favorite not only, of this season but the entire series so far. Little nuances keep coming to my mind at such random times. I was saddened to hear that some non-book readers were bored because in their words "there wasnt' any of the blond girl." I'm wondering how much many who haven't read the books are really reacting to the Theon story and if they GET it. I mean, to us it's just the beginning of Theon's incredible journey. Also, Tyrion and Varys are perfection together I cannot get enough of them. Margaery Tyrell is very spicy! It's funny when I first heard about Natalie Dormer I immediately pictured her as playing Asha Greyjoy solely based on how we meet her. I was a fan of hers on The Tudors where she played Anne Boleyn, but her interpretation of Margaery is intriguing. I supposed in the books we didn't get an extreme insight into Margaery's drive just other people's interpretation of her. But still. AMAZING!
700	Rose and Thorns	2012-04-18	What I got from the Sansa/Shae scene was simply that, since she has to bottle up her true feelings in front of everyone else, she's taking her anger out on a handmaiden.  It's also a good lead into the Sansa-Tyrion marriage.That was a lot of my read on it too.  Although I was thinking more along the lines of Sansa snapping (in a somewhat snippy teenage way) at the piled-and-piled-on humiliation at the hands of Cersei.   Cersei stuck the knife in at dinner repeatedly and as an additional twist sends Sansa a completely incompetent servant who is likely a spy and is already treating Sansa badly.  I didn't think the scene was really necessary - we already knew that Sansa was being badly treated.  The "mirror" shot - what have I become, I look so far away like my dreams, etc. - would have probably been fine.  Shae could have been "hired" at at any time before the Purple Wedding.
701	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-18	A really awful accent on Dinklage?Yes, I noticed it, but Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve heard far worse.  And Peter is getting better.  It isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t easy to switch which side of the ocean your accent falls on: not everyone is Hugh Laurie.
702	The Second Hand	2012-04-18	It's just so... false. And Tyrion -- who is being portrayed as some sort of chronic mastermind -- has the most depth out of any character in the books. In the show, not so much. Now it's just "look, Peter Dinklage is Tyrion! It actually happened!"
But I still really admire his performance.
703	Lady Evenstar22 of Stark	2012-04-18	hello i finally finished reading ADWD and can finally join the discussion of this awesome book/tv show series spoiler-free so so happy about that , and could use the exchanging of opinions on here as i'm a bit depressed after certain events in the book 5 !
i watched all 3 first episodes last night thought they were great some things i like , some things i'm unsure of but i'm thinking it has to do with certain actors still being new to their role, old characters were great they seemed to fall right back into the swing of things in westeros and i found myself thinking anew they really casted these guy well like jorah (sexy bear /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> ) my fav to hate joffrey , cannot stand theon but credit to the actor for making me feel the same way i do about book theon, arya happy to see her, tyrion he may be small but he's the def the man about town....the direwolves just awesome and drogon was just showing off his flawless dragon skin pff /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
ok i'm off to personalize my account a bit,later.
704	J_Crews	2012-04-19	The way I interpreted it was that he thought she deserved extra money for having to do it with an OLD man like Pycelle.My take as well.
705	J_Crews	2012-04-19	A Mediterranean King's Landing?How else did you imagine it?  We're told repeatedly how hot it is in KL.  GRRM seems to have deliberately given it a London-ish setting i.e. a river-side metropolis, dirty, etc., but definitely *NOT* with respect to the weather.  A Mediterranean-like climate is exactly what the man describes in the books.And where are the bannermen? Why is it that we never see the men that actually fight for Stannis?#1.  Budget#2.  This is for a TV audience, not a book audience.  Non-book readers are already expressing dismay in some circles over the number of characters to try to keep track of.Adding more faces would only serve to confuse the majority of the audience and eat-away precious budget $$$.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 April 2012 - 12:15 AM.
706	Salome Sand Witch	2012-04-19	Yes, I noticed it, but Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve heard far worse.  And Peter is getting better.  It isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t easy to switch which side of the ocean your accent falls on: not everyone is Hugh Laurie. As I hadn't heard any discussion of this (probably not enough time to comb through all the threads) I thought I was the only one.  I love Peter Dinklage as Tyrion, but I find his bad accent so distracting.  It actually snaps me out of enjoying his performances. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
707	Currawong	2012-04-19	Am puzzled by all these complaints about Peter Dinklage's alleged bad accent.  Just what accent is he supposed to have?   Especially in a series which has so many different ones.  OK, he doesn't speak like YOU think he should, but that doesn't mean it is a 'bad' accent.   Just get over it people - relax, open your ears and enjoy the performance by a great actor.
708	DirtyRobes	2012-04-19	One thing i read in the twop-board: Are they implying, that Tyrion decides to use the "services" of the woman he finds with Pycelle, when he puts the second coin on the table? I didn't think so, but apparently one might get the idea....The way I interpreted it was that he thought she deserved extra money for having to do it with an OLD man like Pycelle.Tyrion knows how old Pycelle is, he puts the second coin down after he sees Pycelle putting up a reasonable fight(for his age) against his clansmen. I took it as Tyrion did not expect the Grand Maester to be that much "work".
709	DirtyRobes	2012-04-19	As I hadn't heard any discussion of this (probably not enough time to comb through all the threads) I thought I was the only one.  I love Peter Dinklage as Tyrion, but I find his bad accent so distracting.  It actually snaps me out of enjoying his performances. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Thats a real shame, I also hear the dipping accent at times but it definitely does not detract from my enjoyment of Mr Dinklage's performance. I absolutely cant imagine a better Tyrion, every week I look forward to what hes going to bring to the role. As  "Currawong" said with all the differing accents currently in Westeros I can easily look past this.Speaking of Perfect casting, I think the actor playing Varys is Incredible! I really hope he gets some recognition this season as Dinklage did last & the way the two play off each other is really exciting to watch.
710	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-19	Am puzzled by all these complaints about Peter Dinklage's alleged bad accent.  Just what accent is he supposed to have?   Especially in a series which has so many different ones.  OK, he doesn't speak like YOU think he should, but that doesn't mean it is a 'bad' accent.   Just get over it people - relax, open your ears and enjoy the performance by a great actor.I don't think it's about him having a different accent than we imagined he would have, at least nor for me. It's about Dinklage falling in and out of his attempt at British English. I think that's reasonable criticism about an ACTOR... He has to control his accent as part of his job. Hugh Laurie controls both accents very well and that makes him a great actor. This has nothing to do with the show having different accents already. It's about the fact that the characters with accents should be consistent. LF is another example of an inconsistent accent, especially this season. Shae has a very broken accent but at least she doesn't suddenly switch to australian or cockney.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 19 April 2012 - 04:13 AM.
711	Currawong	2012-04-19	I don't notice his changing accent at all.   But then, in RL I know several people whose accents and speech patterns can change several times a day depending on the company they are in or the particular situation.   So it just doesn't worry me at all.  I actually find Peter Dinklage's speech (with whatever acccent!)  much easier to understand than Sean Bean's grumbles and mumbles.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Also, some actors, even incredibly talented ones, are much better at changing accents than others.   Someone like Gary Oldman can have a different accent in each movie: others will always sound the same, no matter what. Hugh Lawrie obviously has an ear for accents, but holding everyone to that standard is ridiculous.  There are some wonderful, all time great actors who will always be instantly identifiable through their voices, no matter what role they are playing.  It doesn't make them any less of an actor.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 19 April 2012 - 04:48 AM.
712	Auska	2012-04-19	Returning to Craster for a moment, I think the thing that bothers me is that in the series, there's no explanation for why Mormont lets him get away with it (or then I missed it). In the books he's at least supplying some information, and offering a semi-friendly forward operating base for the rangers. In the series, though, he doesn't really have any actionable intel, and seems to mainly let them come around because there's a lot of them, with swords.
713	Auska	2012-04-19	Hugh Laurie controls both accents very well and that makes him a great actor.No, it makes him a lucky actor.
714	Rockroi	2012-04-19	I really, really could not care any less about Peter Dinklage's accent, nor many of the opther accents.  Its really trivial.
715	DaveSumm	2012-04-19	Returning to Craster for a moment, I think the thing that bothers me is that in the series, there's no explanation for why Mormont lets him get away with it (or then I missed it). In the books he's at least supplying some information, and offering a semi-friendly forward operating base for the rangers. In the series, though, he doesn't really have any actionable intel, and seems to mainly let them come around because there's a lot of them, with swords.I really can't believe that Mormont knows the full extent of what Craster's doing. I'm gonna assume that he thought craster just left the sons out in the woods to die so they wouldn't pose a threat to him, but the idea that the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch knows about the Others and has done precisely squat about is just too ridiculous.
716	Ran	2012-04-19	Mormont says on the TV show that Craster's been the difference between life and death for rangers many times, so they basically explain why the Watch lets him do what he does in very much the same way as in the novel.
717	boojam	2012-04-19	I really, really could not care any less about Peter Dinklage's accent, nor many of the opther accents.  Its really trivial.I think, and I don't know if anyone has asked D&D, that a decision was made to have everyone just flat speak in their 'everyday' (stage) accent. Some actors have keep their native accents but by way of stage training modified from what they spoke as puppies. I think some can drop back into their childhood accents when they want.I think it a wise decision , Dinklage speaks a very eloquent refined (American ) stage English with a sophisticated elocution. I don't find it distracting at all. He and Charles Dance together are a master class in elocution.Now I don't know how they picked Carice van Houten's accent, she might have a slight dutch now and then but it's so slight , to my ear, it's hard to discern. Tom Wlaschiha sure does not use a German accent, in fact that is one hell of a nuanced accent!
718	Pliskin	2012-04-19	And where are the bannermen? Why is it that we never see the men that actually fight for Stannis? Maybe it's my fickle self... but maybe I'm right. We'll see.Give them extra millions and they will give you an answer.
719	Greywolf2375	2012-04-19	Maybe YOU got no point other then "end of episode" but for all the HBO subs who have not read the books, they got a very real clifhanger. Last season we saw the 'main character' get his head chopped off. GOT is a no holds barred type TV show, and if you are able to leave your audience(the majority at least) on the edge of their seats in high anticipation for the next episode you will see rating increases.If you want to get more indepth beyond the "business" of a TV show it also resulted in other things.1.)it reminded the viewers that something else is out there. something not human.2.)It showed that Jon Snow despite being good with a sword is still very green(running into a situation without thought, or awareness) And that despite all that, if he tries to save a baby he does not know. Selfless acts are the ones of heroes.3.)It gave an inside look at how Grey the world really is, even someone as "good" as the nightwatch will let something continue to happen, if it means ultimately their rangers will have a safe place to stop beyond the wall.4.)It showed that despite that The old Bear DOES care that its happening, and also reaffirms his feelings that Jon would make a good leader. You can see this when he gives Jon the sword back5.)It shows that Craster, Despite being a fucking bastard, is still a human, and isnt just some blood thirsty monster. He could have killed snow, but he didnt, he let him live, and he let him leave with all his appendages.6.)it verified whats happening to the sons.None of those reasons might mean anything to you, and thats perfectly fine, but news flash, this show isnt being made for you. It's being made for a wider audience full of people who have never read the books..You say that now, but again you have no idea whats written for the next few episodes, so like i said before, how about you take a breath, and wait til next week and see how it plays out.So like I said earlier in the thread, why not use any of the existing cliffhangers in the books?  Why make up one - and why make one up that doesn't flow?  Actually, the show is being made for me, since I am one of those people you talk about watching it, just like it is made for you and every other viewer.My breathing is just fine - no need to worry about that.  No, I'm not in the know about what they have written for future episodes - but why does that preclude questioning decisions on what they have shown us so far?  They have made a very good adaption overall - but more than a few of the deviations they have chosen to make have not added anything to an all ready rich story.  So please, notch down the self righteousness a little
720	Greywolf2375	2012-04-19	just off the top of my head, sansa could have told the truth. Joffrey stumbled upon arya and mycha playing with sticks, and decided to whip his sword out and threaten them for no reason other then he could.Surely they wouldnt have killed mycha at that point.I don't think that is necessarily true - Cersei has shown she has no issue with having children killed for various reasons, including one of her own childhood friends.
721	Greywolf2375	2012-04-19	Please refrain from the always sophmoric "Are we reading the same series/books?" or some derivation thereof.  Yes, we are all reading the exact same books and watching the exact same shows.  Unless some of you are drinking when you are doing either activity.I agree..sort of.  I think it is a valid question if asked appropriately.  As has been said many times in the thread, no - some people have not read the books and don't have a frame of reference that someone who has read them may be coming from.
722	Auska	2012-04-19	Mormont says on the TV show that Craster's been the difference between life and death for rangers many times, so they basically explain why the Watch lets him do what he does in very much the same way as in the novel.Aha, good, thanks for the clarification! I did indeed miss that part - or maybe my preconceptions intentionally blocked it out /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
723	tearloch	2012-04-19	I took Tyrion giving the girl an extra coin was like this:
He paid her for her work with Pycelle.  As he turns to leave, he sees Pycelle sort of getting roughed up, so he gives her an extra coin to keep her mouth shut.
I guess I don't know if that makes total sense, since its not like they are trying to be secretive about it.  Oh well, still a great scene.
724	tearloch	2012-04-19	I don't think it's about him having a different accent than we imagined he would have, at least nor for me. It's about Dinklage falling in and out of his attempt at British English. I think that's reasonable criticism about an ACTOR... He has to control his accent as part of his job. Hugh Laurie controls both accents very well and that makes him a great actor.This has nothing to do with the show having different accents already. It's about the fact that the characters with accents should be consistent. LF is another example of an inconsistent accent, especially this season. Shae has a very broken accent but at least she doesn't suddenly switch to australian or cockney.I also have never heard about this being an issue.  You laid it out pretty well, and can see where you are coming from.  But here is my rebutal:I always imagined Tyrion as highly intellectual man, who is well travelled and very well read.  I don't see it being out of character for him to be able to slip in and out of accents depending on his mood or his surroundings.  He has always been shunned everywhere he goes (except maybe the brothels).  I see it as a weapon for him, being able to emphasize parts of his speech, to make it stand out, as well as help him blend in when needed.  I guess I will start paying more attention to it going forward, now that the thought is in my head, but it hasn't caught my attention yet.
725	The Second Hand	2012-04-19	Give them extra millions and they will give you an answer.And I understand that. Yet money is spent on Littlefinger and Ros having in-depth, hokey conversation. Again, it's an example of David and Dan trying so hard to 'stamp' the series.I know I've skewed negatively so far, but I do really like the show. I thought the first season was truly great in some instances, but I remain disappointed still with the adaptating of the material.
726	Lyana	2012-04-19	I cannot stop thinking about this episode. I think it may be my favorite not only, of this season but the entire series so far. Little nuances keep coming to my mind at such random times. I was saddened to hear that some non-book readers were bored because in their words "there wasnt' any of the blond girl." I'm wondering how much many who haven't read the books are really reacting to the Theon story and if they GET it. I mean, to us it's just the beginning of Theon's incredible journey. Also, Tyrion and Varys are perfection together I cannot get enough of them. Margaery Tyrell is very spicy! It's funny when I first heard about Natalie Dormer I immediately pictured her as playing Asha Greyjoy solely based on how we meet her. I was a fan of hers on The Tudors where she played Anne Boleyn, but her interpretation of Margaery is intriguing. I supposed in the books we didn't get an extreme insight into Margaery's drive just other people's interpretation of her. But still. AMAZING!My thoughts exactly. I realized how difficult it should be, to adapt the series to the TV show so both, readers and non-readers, to be pleased. It is a really difficult task.I think the non-book readers respond to certain characters, who they already know from the first season. It would be now difficult for them to bond with all the new ones, who have completely new storylines.My boyfreind, who hasn't read the book, but watches the show, doesn't think much of Stannis and wasn't very bothered when Theon burned the letter. He was like "Meh, sh** happens".It this is just the beginning of the season and hope that the further episodes will change his attitude.
727	tearloch	2012-04-19	So like I said earlier in the thread, why not use any of the existing cliffhangers in the books? Why make up one - and why make one up that doesn't flow? Actually, the show is being made for me, since I am one of those people you talk about watching it, just like it is made for you and every other viewer. My breathing is just fine - no need to worry about that. No, I'm not in the know about what they have written for future episodes - but why does that preclude questioning decisions on what they have shown us so far? They have made a very good adaption overall - but more than a few of the deviations they have chosen to make have not added anything to an all ready rich story. So please, notch down the self righteousness a littleAfter episode 2 aired, this place blew up with comments about the Craster/Jon cliffhanger.  Yes, it was not part of the books.  Episode 3 brought us right back to the where we should be based on the books.  All HBO did was take several chapters worth of dialogue explaining what is going on with Craster and condensed it down to Jon witnessing it happening.  This is on screen.  Visuals are preferred.  They are faster and cheaper to get the same point across.  At the end of episode 3, we know what Craster is doing.  We know that the Night's Watch knows what he is doing, and lets him do it because he still supports them when needed.  We understand Gilly's fear of staying with Craster.  We have the seeds of a Sam / Gilly romance.  And we have the Nights Watch moving on.  Sure, Jon has a bump on the nogin and a bruised ego, but HBO brilliantly condensed this part of the plot down to fit into the timeline that they have to use, being a 10 episode season.
728	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-19	They are not getting the characters to use flat speech in their everyday stage accents. LF, Robb, Tyrion, they all have very different accents to their usual ones
729	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-19	I think, and I don't know if anyone has asked D&D, that a decision was made to have everyone just flat speak in their 'everyday' (stage) accent. Some actors have keep their native accents but by way of stage training modified from what they spoke as puppies. I think some can drop back into their childhood accents when they want.I think it a wise decision , Dinklage speaks a very eloquent refined (American ) stage English with a sophisticated elocution. I don't find it distracting at all. He and Charles Dance together are a master class in elocution.Now I don't know how they picked Carice van Houten's accent, she might have a slight dutch now and then but it's so slight , to my ear, it's hard to discern. Tom Wlaschiha sure does not use a German accent, in fact that is one hell of a nuanced accent!I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think they have (many) actors using their â<U+0080><U+009C>nativeâ<U+0080><U+009D> accents. They intentionally have all the Northerners following Sean Beanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s distinctive Sheffield accent, which he retains for the show. Kit Harington is from the London area, but doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t sound anything like that. Richard Madden is Scottish, which perhaps is a bit closer to a Yorkshire accent natively, but he too is following Beanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lead. The urbane Southerners like Cersei do have a more Home Counties accent, though.  Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re basically mapping accents from the north and south of Britain to the north and south of Westeros. I havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t heard anything Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d call a distinctly Scottish, Welsh, or Irish accent. Well, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not true: Aidan Gillenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s native Irish did pop through a few places in this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s third episode. But listen to Michelle Fairley: for the show sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s using something much closer to RP than her native Irish accent, which you can hear in her interviews.Another one whose accent varies a bit, at least in the first second, is Nikolaj Coster-Waldau. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not quite a native English speaker (heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Danish), but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s very good.  But the thing is that his English when you hear him speaking off-camera is actually closer to American English than to one of the British accents. Nonetheless, he and all the other non-native speakers, including the two you mentioned, do admirably well.One place where I noticed Peterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s accent flag in the last episode was when he said â<U+0080><U+009C>bygahns be bygahnsâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Especially the first of those two sounded too much like an unrounded â<U+0080><U+009C>ahâ<U+0080><U+009D>, the way people with the cotâ<U+0080><U+0093>caught merger do it. I noticed it because I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have merger myself, and most of the time, neither does Tyrion.  But there he did.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 19 April 2012 - 10:29 AM.
730	Baitac	2012-04-19	I thought it was brilliant how they showed that Loras' weak spot is his sister, while Renly's is Loras. I guess Jamie isn't the only one with a sister thing.
731	Leuf	2012-04-19	First time I've been able to get on the forums since the ep aired...I really can't believe that Mormont knows the full extent of what Craster's doing. I'm gonna assume that he thought craster just left the sons out in the woods to die so they wouldn't pose a threat to him, but the idea that the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch knows about the Others and has done precisely squat about is just too ridiculous.In the book Gilly flat out tells Jon he's giving the sons to the Others, and Jon and Mormont have a talk about it.  Jon neglects to mention the part about the Others and just focuses on the part about giving his sons to the woods which Mormont already knows.  So if anything the show has somewhat fixed this part of the book, since Jon at least isn't sure what he saw.  In the book there's no explanation why Jon is not freaking the fuck out about this and telling Mormont.  You knew everything, Jon Snow.As far as the Sansa/Shae scene goes, in the book the first Sansa chapter is the one where she saves Dontos.  In the second Sansa chapter she gets the note from him.  So there's absolutely nothing from the book that contradicts how Sansa might be acting at this point in the story in the relative privacy of her own room after she just had to sit through being taunted by Cersei.  Nor does this scene mean that they've taken time away from her and anyone else since its been inserted into the timeline. I'm now really curious how we are going to get the line that we know we are getting that is supposed to be the reaction of Tyrion to Cersei having Alayaya tortured.  Since Shae is already Sansa's maid (way way early) how does that scene happen?  There's lots of speculation that Ros is being used for Alayaya's part, but there's no need for Alayaya with Shae already Sansa's maid.  Is Cersei going to actually get Shae?  I was starting to accept Ros since she was getting a part that was actually in the books, but if she doesn't get it then I'm back to hating her.There hasn't been much discussion of Tyrion sending LF to arrange Jaime's release with Cat.  I think I see where they are going with this.  I think they need Cat to free Jaime before the sack of Winterfell because they've rearranged the timelines so much, so she needs some other motivation than thinking Bran and Rickon are dead.  I think LF is going to say something like we both know we aren't going to work out a deal that both Robb and Cersei/Tyrion will accept, but if you take it upon yourself to free Jaime I'll take it upon myself to free Sansa.  It would give an interesting wrinkle to his later actions after Jaime finally gets back to KL.  Or maybe he'll lie and tell her that Arya is dead?While I'm totally on board with shortening up Arya's story, I don't like that Amory was sent to get Gendry.  I miss that Arya & co were passing all the refugees headed for KL (which builds up the tension in both her story and in KL) and then just get caught up in the Lannister's waging total war in the riverlands after having to leave the kingsroad.  Amory looking for Gendry makes for a tighter story to that arc, but disconnects it from the story at large.  It makes the whole story more disjointed.  And I agree with the one person earlier who though Yoren was too much of a badass at the end.  It just cheapens it for other characters like Syrio, Selmy and Jaime when characters like Yoren can also cut through the red shirts just as easily as they can.There was so much complaining about the casting of Renly and Loras last season, and that's mostly died down this season.  I think by next season most everyone will have gotten used to Asha/Yara.  The actor playing Loras looks like he got the memo all the rest of the male cast got before last season about looking like they've been to the gym with their shirts off.
732	boojam	2012-04-19	I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think they have (many) actors using their â<U+0080><U+009C>nativeâ<U+0080><U+009D> accents. They intentionally have all the Northerners following Sean Beanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s distinctive Sheffield accent, which he retains for the show. Kit Harington is from the London area, but doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t sound anything like that. Richard Madden is Scottish, which perhaps is a bit closer to a Yorkshire accent natively, but he too is following Beanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lead. The urbane Southerners like Cersei do have a more Home Counties accent, though.  Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re basically mapping accents from the north and south of Britain to the north and south of Westeros. I havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t heard anything Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d call a distinctly Scottish, Welsh, or Irish accent. Well, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not true: Aidan Gillenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s native Irish did pop through a few places in this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s third episode. But listen to Michelle Fairley: for the show sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s using something much closer to RP than her native Irish accent, which you can hear in her interviews.Now I don't know GB and Irish stage training, ..., it was just my guess they are urged to sort of 'round off' any thick accents (except where the part calls for it), sort of like American actors , most of them seem to do the classic flat Midwestern , when they are presented with not particular reason not to. Now at times New England, New York (and various kinds of Eastern US accents) , southern are part of a character, some actors from those regions have an ear for it, most good ones , now days, are very good at voicing an accent.James Cosmo (to my American ear) seems to have a Scottish accent you could hang a hat on!(I love him!)While Rory McCann's Scottish accent seems urban Glasgow modified, but I am sure Scots have a better ear for regional accents than I do.
733	Tadco26	2012-04-19	After episode 2 aired, this place blew up with comments about the Craster/Jon cliffhanger.  Yes, it was not part of the books.  Episode 3 brought us right back to the where we should be based on the books.  All HBO did was take several chapters worth of dialogue explaining what is going on with Craster and condensed it down to Jon witnessing it happening.  This is on screen.  Visuals are preferred.  They are faster and cheaper to get the same point across.  At the end of episode 3, we know what Craster is doing.  We know that the Night's Watch knows what he is doing, and lets him do it because he still supports them when needed.  We understand Gilly's fear of staying with Craster.  We have the seeds of a Sam / Gilly romance.  And we have the Nights Watch moving on.  Sure, Jon has a bump on the nogin and a bruised ego, but HBO brilliantly condensed this part of the plot down to fit into the timeline that they have to use, being a 10 episode season.It really was more like a few lines of dialogue, that they "condensed" by showing the scene.This is what Gilly says happens to the babies which basicly gives exactly the same info Jon gets by following Craster:Jon says"Is it Craster who frightens you, Gilly?"For the baby, not for me.  If it's a girl, that's not so bad, she'll grow a few years and he'll marry her.  But Nella says it's to be a boy, and she's had six and knows these things.  He gives the boys to the gods.  Come the white cold, he does, and of late it comes more often.  That's why he started giving them sheep, even though he has a taste for mutton.  Only the sheep's gone too.  Next it will be the dogs, till...  She lowered her eyes and stroked her belly."What gods?"  Jon was remembering that they'd seen no boys in Craster's Keep, nor men either, save Craster himself."The cold gods," she said. "The ones in the night. The white shadows."And suddenly Jon was back in the Lord Commander's Tower again. A severed hand was climbing his calf and when he pried it off with the point of his longsword, it lay writhing, fingers opening and closing. The dead man rose to his feet, blue eyes shining in the gashed and swollen face. Ropes of torn flesh hung from the great wound in his belly, yet there was no blood."What color are their eyes?" he asked her."Blue. As bright as blue stars, and as cold."She has seen them, he thought. Craster lied.It's argueable the original dialogue would have been clearer as several non-readers have commented that they thought a wildling took the baby.  They might have had to "adapt it" by having Jon mention the wight from season 1 to Sam after Gilly left, if they wanted to make it crystal clear to non-readers, but I don't think that dialogue would take any more time or money than what they ended up doing, though it would have made for less of "cliff hanger".  Of course it didn't really end up being a cliff hanger, since nothing happened to Jon.  In fact one might argue that the change of Craster kicking them out, rather than them leaving because that is what they were planning on doing anyway, will make Craster allowing them to come back in SoS less believeable.The scene they created wasn't bad per se, though I do have to suspend disbelief that Craster would be bothered enough to attack Jon for what he saw, but would let Jon live.
734	Rohanne	2012-04-19	I assumed that the Shae/Sansa scene was for some future purpose and did not think Sansa was bratty at all but acted appropriately for her situation. I was wondering if anyone else noticed in "the more you love" trailer that it looks like Shae grabs Sansa roughly and looks really pissed off. Is it possible that they would have Sansa engaged to Tyrion at the end of this season? Who knows, the shot was so quick it may not even be Sansa that she grabs, but thought maybe this is why they are introducing Shae to Sansa so early on.
735	Silverx2	2012-04-19	So please, notch down the self righteousness a littleI'll keep my righteous levels right about the same as your entitlement levels;) Gotta keep things balanced.
736	Ghost714	2012-04-19	Is anyone else hoping something happens to the actress playing Yara, so HBO can replace her with an actress that is at least some what close to Asha in the books, because this Yara is just not cutting it.
737	kephv	2012-04-19	Is anyone else hoping something happens to the actress playing Yara, so HBO can replace her with an actress that is at least some what close to Asha in the books, because this Yara is just not cutting it.No. Unless she becomes seriously ill or dies, they're not going to replace her. And why would you wish someone ill just because you don't like how they're portraying a character? That's messed up.
738	Buckwheat	2012-04-19	Is anyone else hoping something happens to the actress playing Yara, so HBO can replace her with an actress that is at least some what close to Asha in the books, because this Yara is just not cutting it.Despite me not liking an actor, I hope nobody is recast, if that can be avoided.
739	Aegnor	2012-04-19	I'm worried about something, which I'm not sure if it has been mentioned earlier in the thread. So in this episode we've seen that Shae is now Sansa's maid, hence removing the need for Alayaya or similar character (I thought Ros was going to fill that role until this episode squashed that).
Now we have seen, in previews, Tyrion giving his line about how he would "hurt her for this" and how her "joy would turn to ashes". Awesome line from the book. However now there is no place to use that, unless...Cercei finds out about Shae for real and does something to her (kills her or something). That would obviously significantly change events from book 3. No longer would Shae brutally betray Tyrion and then hook up with his father, nor would Tyrion kill her. I honestly think this is where it is headed, and I don't like it. His betrayal and his murder of Shae has a massive affect on his character.
I hope I'm wrong, but I'm guessing we'll see in a few weeks.
740	Leuf	2012-04-19	Aegnor, I brought that up above you on this page.  Even if Cersei gets ahold of Shae, it doesn't mean she kills her.  But they could still pull a switcharoo even though Ros isn't Alayaya, it would just happen without the elaborate setup.
741	Tewks44	2012-04-19	Did anyone else cringe when it was implied Tyrion would send Littlefinger to negotiate Jaime's release with Caitlyn stark.  Not only is this part a complete departure from the books, but it will lead to Jaime's release WAY earlier.  I'm not a purist, and I am actually really enjoying the segments with Renly, Loras, and Margaery, and I don't even mind that they removed the segment where Arya, Gendry, Lommy, and Hotpie escape and make it on their own for a few days.  But throwing off the timing of what happens dramatically, and to top it all off doing so in a matter completely inconsistent with the books is just.... pointless.
742	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-19	Did anyone else cringe when it was implied Tyrion would send Littlefinger to negotiate Jaime's release with Caitlyn stark.  Not only is this part a complete departure from the books, but it will lead to Jaime's release WAY earlier.  I'm not a purist, and I am actually really enjoying the segments with Renly, Loras, and Margaery, and I don't even mind that they removed the segment where Arya, Gendry, Lommy, and Hotpie escape and make it on their own for a few days.  But throwing off the timing of what happens dramatically, and to top it all off doing so in a matter completely inconsistent with the books is just.... pointless.Didn't really care for that, but I don't think it necessarily means that Jaime will be released much earlier. I doubt the show will actually have Littlefinger succeed in convincing Catelyn to release Jaime by next episode. It does feel like the writers are trying to insert Littlefinger into the show a lot more than in the books. He's been in every episode this season, and certainly has had more screentime than Varys, who in ACOK takes on a larger role than Littlefinger, where Littlefinger was bigger in AGOT.Also, it seems like the show has already lost the chance for some of Littlefinger's best moments from ACOK, such as suggesting that Patchface was Shireen's real father in response to Stannis' letters. I guess this wasn't feasible for the show since neither Patchface nor Shireen are on it, but it was a great part in the book of showing what a sly weasel he is. I don't know how I feel about Littlefinger meeting up with Catelyn again, but I'll see how it plays out next episode.
743	J_Crews	2012-04-19	We've known for months they were moving a good portion of Jaime's ASoS arc into this season.  For the record, though, episode summaries that have been released reveal that...
	Spoiler  ... it looks like Jaime gets turned loose in episode 7.  LINK  I would put $$$ on him losing his hand in episode 10...
744	Ghost714	2012-04-20	Does anybody think Summer looked much smaller than Ghost and Grey Wind? He looked about the size of a normal full grown wolf, when Grey Wind and Ghost were much bigger. It seems a little early to have the direwolves full grown, so hopefully they will even get a little bit bigger.
745	SynthFG	2012-04-20	Did anyone else cringe when it was implied Tyrion would send Littlefinger to negotiate Jaime's release with Caitlyn stark.  Not only is this part a complete departure from the books, but it will lead to Jaime's release WAY earlier.  I'm not a purist, and I am actually really enjoying the segments with Renly, Loras, and Margaery, and I don't even mind that they removed the segment where Arya, Gendry, Lommy, and Hotpie escape and make it on their own for a few days.  But throwing off the timing of what happens dramatically, and to top it all off doing so in a matter completely inconsistent with the books is just.... pointless.Not really, Littlefinger has to go to Bitterbridge at some point in the near future anyway, having him and Cat together provides an opportunity to present some of that back story now that Riverrun is missing
746	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-20	And that's how people act in that society. You're not supposed to be chummy with the child of a baker, especially as a child yourself. For all you know, the boy could be dangerous. It's not bitchy, it's common sense. Let's not have double standards, either. Arya throws food at Sansa in front of the royal retinue and all her father's guests, and I imagine most people cheered.What do you mean "take the fall?" The butcher's boy was dead already, and he was dead no matter who said what. Even Eddard Stark, of all people, points out that what Sansa did was the reasonable thing to do. Moreover, you're forgetting that she's a child in unfamiliar territory with unfamiliar people brought before the king and queen and all their armed force and asked whether or not she's going to call the prince a liar. Perhaps a lot of the fandom was unusually mature and far-thinking when they were 13. I certainly wasn't, and most people I knew at that age weren't either. And to Sansa's credit, she didn't throw Arya under the bus. She refused to. Instead, she said that she couldn't recall. She avoided taking sides and thereby avoided escalating the conflict. And what reward does she get? The scorn of the fandom and a dead direwolf.As for Shae being her friend, please. I had a pretty rough day today, I'm sure the cashier who sold me my groceries is my friend. And I'm sure if he stood there vacantly, looking at my groceries and wondering whether the price scanner goes in my mouth or goes in my bag, I ought to have smiled and said "there there now, you're supposed to scan the UPC labels." And if I'm ever interviewed for a job, I'll be sure to go there with a blank resume and say "what experience? I was told that you'd tell me how to do my job!"After all the nonsense Sansa has to go through, surrounded by thugs and murderers all day who beat her if she goes a moment off script, dealing with an utterly incompetent fake maid (who in all likelihood could be a spy) is asking way too much. Bitchy? She was on the verge of tears! Look at her face during the dinner scene and the Shae scene; she's not being spiteful, she's in pain and she's frightened.And if she had befriended Shae and chatted and gossiped with her as if nothing were wrong, I'd wonder if her screws were loose.She's not bitchy, she's a scared teenage girl.The dinner scene at Cersei's table was well done and sad to watch - Sansa barely touching her food, stricken with sorrow after Cersei and her younger children discuss the possible death of Sansa's brother, needled by Cersei into faking some anticipation of her own supposed wedding to Joffrey.  Sansa looked crushed when she returned to her chambers, as if she was wondering how she was going to go on.  And when Shae came in, Sansa looked scared - I think her first reaction might have been to fear that Shae was an assassin.  Which wouldn't surprise me; since Shae did not look like a maid.  A lady's maid, especially a maid to a girl as highborn as Sansa, hostage or not (still the official betrothed of King Joffrey) does not arrive for work dressed like a performer in a street fair or a trainee in one of Littlefinger's establishment - Shae was wearing too many bangles/bracelets and showing too much skin, not to mention attitude.  If I were Sansa, I'd be sure that Shae was there to spy on me - she certainly wasn't going to be much help.Small quibble - in the books, Sansa's maids are never referred to as 'handmaidens'; nor is Shae referred to as a 'handmaiden' when she serves Lollys Stokeworth, at least not that I can remember.  GRRM calls them 'maids'.  Sansa looked quite pretty in this episode, despite her distress; I think it was because her hair was not pulled back from her forehead so sharply.  And she was quite a bit taller and broader of shoulder (and chest) than Shae; making an interesting visual contrast between the two.
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 20 April 2012 - 07:51 PM.
747	TMWNN	2012-04-20	Episode 3 brought us right back to the where we should be based on the books.[...]HBO brilliantly condensed this part of the plot down to fit into the timeline that they have to use, being a 10 episode season.Agreed. I dislike unnecessary invented scenes as much as anyone, and dreaded seeing the cliffhanger, but now that it's past I am sanguine about it.Really, renaming Cleos Frey to Alton Lannister (as if one line explaining how a "Frey" could be on the Lannisters' side would be so impossible to fit in) annoys me more; I think viewers, who have already seen that the Frey family is gigantic, can be trusted a little more than they were in that particular case.
748	TMWNN	2012-04-20	Spoiler  ... it looks like Jaime gets turned loose in episode 7.  LINK  I would put $$$ on him losing his hand in episode 10... 
No.
	Spoiler "Meeting the relative" = Alton Lannister/Cleos Frey's return to Robb's camp to report on the Lannisters' refusal to bargain. In the book we are later told that Lannister men in Alton/Cleos' party attempted to break Jaime out and almost succeeded; we are going to see this in the specified episode, no doubt with Jaime doing a lot of cool swordplay before recapture.As for Jaime's hand, it won't occur this season. Catelyn releasing him with Brienne and Alton/Cleos and their sailing off makes a great way to end that particular storyline this season. Jaime and Brienne have to have other adventures together--notably his rescuing her from the bear (and there's no way the show will avoid depicting that)--before the hand is chopped.

					
					
							Edited by TMWNN, 20 April 2012 - 04:49 AM.
749	BlackTalon	2012-04-20	And she was quite a bit taller and broader of shoulder (and chest) than Shae; does anyone know how tall Sophie Turner actually is? She is literally towering over quite a few other female characters at "thirteen". looks like she is at least six foot. Even Sandor does nor make her appear small.
750	Silverx2	2012-04-20	shes got giants blood in her.
I really hope they dont release jamie without the attempted breakout first, the ripple effect from that change would be massive.
	Spoiler Jamie kills karstarks, Karstarks try and get revenge, Robb executes rickard, karstarks abandon the starks, etc
751	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-20	We've known for months they were moving a good portion of Jaime's ASoS arc into this season.  For the record, though, episode summaries that have been released reveal that...
	Spoiler  ... it looks like Jaime gets turned loose in episode 7.  LINK  I would put $$$ on him losing his hand in episode 10... 
I've got to say I think episode 7 is more likely to be 
	Spoiler  ... Jaime attempting and failing to escape, killing some people in the meantime. And will happily take that bet about losing his hand in episode 10. I will throw a proper hissy fit if they don't show Jaime's escape (needed to actually demonstrate that he is a dangerous swordsman, otherwise losing his hand has no poignancy and Brienne beating him just looks like he sucks not that she is good) and if they chuck Jaime vs Brienne in before actually developing their relationship and character and establishing Brienne in particular. Cutting off Jaime's hand this early might be enough to put me off the show for ever, and I'll put money on D and D not wanting to ruin that character arc that much
752	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-20	No.
	Spoiler "Meeting the relative" = Alton Lannister/Cleos Frey's return to Robb's camp to report on the Lannisters' refusal to bargain. In the book we are later told that Lannister men in Alton/Cleos' party attempted to break Jaime out and almost succeeded; we are going to see this in the specified episode, no doubt with Jaime doing a lot of cool swordplay before recapture.As for Jaime's hand, it won't occur this season. Catelyn releasing him with Brienne and Alton/Cleos and their sailing off makes a great way to end that particular storyline this season. Jaime and Brienne have to have other adventures together--notably his rescuing her from the bear (and there's no way the show will avoid depicting that)--before the hand is chopped. That happens after he gets his hand chopped off though
753	Crow Breath	2012-04-20	i think they're putting a lot of emphasis on shae so tyrion's rampage makes an even bigger/more dramatic impact. I'm interested to see where they go with Shae over the next couple seasons. Like everyone else, I'm not a fan of the character currently, as I think her attitude and chemistry with Tyrion don't really work with where their story goes in the books; but hey, I'll wait and see.I wonder if TV Tyrion will ever finish the Tysha story. What will Shea think about that?
754	Craven Mummer	2012-04-20	Theon has to "kill" the boys and word has to reach Cat before she releases Jamie. She has to be really emotionally compromised to let Jamie go without an agreement from KL.
(null)
755	Knight of Ashes	2012-04-20	TV Shae reminds me of Celine Dion.
756	J_Crews	2012-04-20	I've got to say I think episode 7 is more likely to be 
	Spoiler  ... Jaime attempting and failing to escape, killing some people in the meantime. And will happily take that bet about losing his hand in episode 10. I will throw a proper hissy fit if they don't show Jaime's escape (needed to actually demonstrate that he is a dangerous swordsman, otherwise losing his hand has no poignancy and Brienne beating him just looks like he sucks not that she is good) and if they chuck Jaime vs Brienne in before actually developing their relationship and character and establishing Brienne in particular. Cutting off Jaime's hand this early might be enough to put me off the show for ever, and I'll put money on D and D not wanting to ruin that character arc that much 
If you don't think they've spent enough time establishing him as one of the pre-eminent swordsman in Westeros,  I think you're forgetting the entirety of season 1.If we see...
	Spoiler  his escape attempt... 
... at all, it'll be earlier than episode 7.  And, I doubt we'll be seeing it, because...
	Spoiler  ... there was no mention whatsoever of Tyrion's plan for any such escape attempt when Alton (nee Cleos) was in KL.  
The producers made it clear months ago in interviews that a significant portion of Jaime's arc from ASoS will be taking place in the latter half of this season.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 20 April 2012 - 08:53 PM.
757	J_Crews	2012-04-20	No.
	Spoiler "Meeting the relative" = Alton Lannister/Cleos Frey's return to Robb's camp to report on the Lannisters' refusal to bargain. In the book we are later told that Lannister men in Alton/Cleos' party attempted to break Jaime out and almost succeeded; we are going to see this in the specified episode, no doubt with Jaime doing a lot of cool swordplay before recapture.As for Jaime's hand, it won't occur this season. Catelyn releasing him with Brienne and Alton/Cleos and their sailing off makes a great way to end that particular storyline this season. Jaime and Brienne have to have other adventures together--notably his rescuing her from the bear (and there's no way the show will avoid depicting that)--before the hand is chopped.
You need to check your timeline.
	Spoiler  He saves her from the bear *AFTER* losing his hand, not *BEFORE*.  He's being escorted home to KL by Bolton's men when he goes back for her.  By that time, he's been in Harrenhal getting his stump maestered by Qyburn for quite a while.  LINK  Ending with the hand being chopped-off is a perfect cliffhanger.  Do you really think they're gonna waste that on episode 2 or 3 of next season?  Not likely. 
As I said above, D&D have been quoted as saying a goodly portion of Jaime's character arc from book 3 will be happening this season.It's not just gonna end with the boat chase.  They made it pretty clear it was gonna be a good part of his story being moved forward; otherwise, he'd be doing nothing all season.  Ending it where I suggested would be about a third of his ASoS arc moved forward.  In fact, I'll bet the boat chase gets cut completely, shortened, and/or turned into a horse chase instead as a means of saving $$$.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 20 April 2012 - 08:58 PM.
758	Hyper	2012-04-20	It's not just gonna end with the boat chase.  They made it pretty clear it was gonna be a good part of his story being moved forward; otherwise, he'd be doing nothing all season.  Ending it where I suggested would be about a third of his ASoS arc moved forward.  In fact, I'll bet the boat chase gets cut completely, shortened, and/or turned into a horse chase instead as a means of saving $$$.I don't think the boat part is cut. One of the actors (Nikolaj or Gwendoline) mentioned a canoeing scene...
759	J_Crews	2012-04-20	Theon has to "kill" the boys and word has to reach Cat before she releases Jamie. She has to be really emotionally compromised to let Jamie go without an agreement from KL.(null)
	Spoiler   Theon takes Winterfell is episode 6 and is searching for the missing boys/killing the miller's sons in episode 7.  LINK  Jaime will be freed either at the end of episode 7 or in episode 8
760	J_Crews	2012-04-20	I don't think the boat part is cut. One of the actors (Nikolaj or Gwendoline) mentioned a canoeing scene...Good.  Maybe they'll just say Robb's army was camped on the riverbank before he was freed then.  That works.  A canoe is a departure, though; in the book, it was a skiff or something with a sail.
761	Rose and Thorns	2012-04-20	does anyone know how tall Sophie Turner actually is? She is literally towering over quite a few other female characters at "thirteen". looks like she is at least six foot. Even Sandor does nor make her appear small.IMDB and previous threads say that the lovely and talented Miss Turner is 5'9", or 1m75 ... definitely on the tall side for a woman.
762	J_Crews	2012-04-20	IMDB and previous threads say that the lovely and talented Miss Turner is 5'9", or 1m75 ... definitely on the tall side for a woman.This last episode really brought-out how pretty she is too.
763	boojam	2012-04-21	It does feel like the writers are trying to insert Littlefinger into the show a lot more than in the books. Worth noting, producers D&D have stated when they have a good actor they feel aesthetically an obligation to give them 'screen time'. Their problem is that they have picked so damn many excellent actors this can become a plot driver. Even within 10 hours of visual presentation and narrative compression it takes a lot of ingenuity. Something that one can do on the page is harder in front of the camera. Even tho one can present a lot of exposition quickly visually the viewers familiar with the prose narrative should look on the visual narrative as something that can not be a transliteration (as long as the essential story is presented).
764	Rockroi	2012-04-21	Worth noting, producers D&D have stated when they have a good actor they feel aesthetically an obligation to give them 'screen time'. Their problem is that they have picked so damn many excellent actors this can become a plot driver.I'ts very obvious that this is what they are doing.  Also remember that these actos have publicists and others who routinely lobby to get their guy/gal more screen times.
765	Brandon Baratheon.	2012-04-21	I'm not a big fan of Asha, she's too ugly. I can't help but lose interest with that horrible horrible face. Besides that i agree that this episode was epic. Abit gutted about Arya not screaming for Winterfell, hope Jaqen is good when we get to see abit more of him. And again it's been said but the tyrion scene with pycelle/lf and varys was awesome!
766	Lady Lilac	2012-04-21	The scene with Tyrion and Pycelle/Varys/Littlefinger was awesome.I'm not so sure about Asha Yara at this point though. She seems more mellow than the books, but who knows.And is it just me, or does Renly seem closer to the book version this season?Oh and just saw the preview for ep 4. Yay for Renly holding a peach /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by Lady Lilac, 21 April 2012 - 08:31 AM.
767	Leuf	2012-04-21	There was an interview with Brian Cogman, the writer for this ep, where he said they didn't think the show's older Arya would be foolish enough to yell out "Winterfell!" and you couldn't have Hot Pie yelling "Hot Pie!" by himself.
768	BlackTalon	2012-04-21	I couldnÂ´t care less if they yell or not ... the fat kid playing Hot Pie is pretty awesome, though. Some quite impressive acting, too.
769	Pliskin	2012-04-21	There was an interview with Brian Cogman, the writer for this ep, where he said they didn't think the show's older Arya would be foolish enough to yell out "Winterfell!" and you couldn't have Hot Pie yelling "Hot Pie!" by himself.But she was foolish enough to tell Gendry the truth at a point when she didn't really know him nor trust him yet...
770	rmholt	2012-04-21	I thought it was hot and I'm not gay /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was a giggling fool when Renly said "I want to pray. Alone."Oh oh something I hadn't mentioned before...maybe I'm easy to please, but I liked the Sansa scene. She's a 15 year old (I think that's her age in the show?) who's held captive by the family who killed her father. I didn't see her as "bratty" toward Shae. I found her to be more broken down and way too depressed to deal with someone.Shae was also described as insolent in the books.IMHO thinking of Shae as interesting in the books is mistaking the Shae in Tyrion's head with the real Shae who is merely a grasping prostitute.
771	rmholt	2012-04-21	As I hadn't heard any discussion of this (probably not enough time to comb through all the threads) I thought I was the only one. I love Peter Dinklage as Tyrion, but I find his bad accent so distracting. It actually snaps me out of enjoying his performances. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Who is to say what sort of accent he would have?  This isnt earth.
772	rmholt	2012-04-21	No, Shagga broke down the door with his axe, but Tyrion told him to cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats in order to freak out Pycelle.  The only thing that got cut off was Pycelle's beard.And in later chapters that plus the time n the black cells unmanned Pycelle.
773	rmholt	2012-04-21	Okay. In regards to the Sansa/Shae scene, let me lay this all out for you, bit by bit.First off, they skipped right past the parts where Shae was kept in the kitchens and with Lollys, because those would have required them to cast more characters. In a series based on books with such an incredibly huge amount of characters, they need to boil it down to those necessary to move the plot forward while still maintaining as much faithfulness to the books as possible. This was also their reasoning for cutting out Jacelyn Bywater and just using Bronn.Shae never in the kitchens.  Otherwise yes.
774	rmholt	2012-04-21	Ok that took me a looooong time to figure out on Google translator, glad they have language detection!  But I agree!!Amusing but as a Mac person I am IÎoÎµI<U+0080>I<U+0084>Î1ÎoI<U+008C>I<U+0082>
775	dem	2012-04-21	The Asha/Yara stuff baffles me. Just because the character is a very sexual person in the novels everyone assumes she's a complete knockout. If anything I love that the actress playing her is a curvier girl. I'm a sucker for them and they've been kind of missing from the show up until now. She's the type of character that denies her gender and the typical roles associated with it. I never cease to be amazed by the great choices made by the casting directors.
People also complained about Tywin's lack of muttonchops in the show, even though Charles Dance is perfect in the role. Oh well...
776	rmholt	2012-04-21	If in future episodes they play up a Cersei's informants then I'll retract that complaint, but to me at the moment it looks more like they're emphasising that Sansa is still a highborn lady and is very used to being waited on hand and foot. I can't think of any significant plot advance that happens as a result of Cersei's informers, the only one that springs to mind is that Tyrion provides it as a reason to employ Shae - which has already happened.It's not nearly as obvious as people here might have you think, basically: Catelyn observes that he spends more time talking to Loras than Margaery over dinner, he asks Loras to 'stay and pray' with him, and Loras is particularly devastated when he's killed.And the threat of Jaime to Loras, to stick his sword in a place even Renly never found.
777	Leuf	2012-04-21	But she was foolish enough to tell Gendry the truth at a point when she didn't really know him nor trust him yet...One of the costs of condensing her story.  There obviously is a camaraderie between the two of them at that point though.
778	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-21	Amusing but as a Mac person I am IÎoÎµI<U+0080>I<U+0084>Î1ÎoI<U+008C>I<U+0082>Ah, nice to see youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re using the American spelling. ;-}
779	Whitering	2012-04-21	I guess for me the actors are all fine. My problem is Arya's arc at the moment. Yes, I love her book character, so I am biased. In the book the brief time she and her companions were free before being captured by the Mountain was an important in developing her leadership qualities. While they still managed to convey her shrewdness, they missed an important bit. I also don't like how Yoren gave her the idea for her mantra. Somehow, her hatred was shown to be more pure when she came to that on her own.
Also, being captured by Lorch, is not the same as being captured by the Mountain. Though they are both horrible, Lorch does not convey the great malevolence that the Montain does. I suppose the show might have them meet up, but they missed an opportunity. The Mountain made it onto Arya's list for what happened during that time in captivity; Lorch made it on for killing Yoren. Probably the storyline of the trip with the Mountain was just too incredibly brutal even for HBO.
780	rmholt	2012-04-21	Say does anyone know what that gadget is that Tyrion is toying with in Pycelles chambers when he is confronting Pycelle about betraying him to Cersei?  It looks like a small guillotine type cutting device.
781	rmholt	2012-04-21	Looking at Brienne next to Lady Catelyn it really looks like there is some kind of trompe de l'oeil going on, but one is 6'3" and the other is 5'5" so perhaps not.
782	J_Crews	2012-04-21	I guess for me the actors are all fine. My problem is Arya's arc at the moment. Yes, I love her book character, so I am biased. In the book the brief time she and her companions were free before being captured by the Mountain was an important in developing her leadership qualities. While they still managed to convey her shrewdness, they missed an important bit.An unfortunate casualty of budget and time-constraintsI also don't like how Yoren gave her the idea for her mantra. Somehow, her hatred was shown to be more pure when she came to that on her own.Actually, I thought that was awesome.  Remember, in the TV medium we don't get her running internal mental monologue.  If she had just suddenly started mumbling names before bed every night, the average TV viewer wouldn't have understood what the h3ck she was doing.  Now, because Yoren laid that groundwork, everyone will get it and it'll be awesome.Also, being captured by Lorch, is not the same as being captured by the Mountain. Though they are both horrible, Lorch does not convey the great malevolence that the Montain does. I suppose the show might have them meet up, but they missed an opportunity. The Mountain made it onto Arya's list for what happened during that time in captivity; Lorch made it on for killing Yoren. Probably the storyline of the trip with the Mountain was just too incredibly brutal even for HBO.They'll be meeting the Mountain at Harrenhal, complete with all the torture and degradation needed to make her and us hate him.  The preview clearly showed captives being chosen for questioning and tortured.
783	J_Crews	2012-04-21	Looking at Brienne next to Lady Catelyn it really looks like there is some kind of trompe de l'oeil going on, but one is 6'3" and the other is 5'5" so perhaps not.I think there was a bit of forced perspective, but not much.
784	J_Crews	2012-04-21	deleted post.  sorry.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 22 April 2012 - 12:00 AM.
785	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Say does anyone know what that gadget is that Tyrion is toying with in Pycelles chambers when he is confronting Pycelle about betraying him to Cersei?  It looks like a small guillotine type cutting device.Looked like a cigar cutter, but it was probably something a bit more maester-y in truth.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 22 April 2012 - 12:01 AM.
786	BlackTalon	2012-04-22	Looked like a cigar cutter, but it was probably something a bit more maester-y in truth.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />a circumcizer ...
787	The Monkey	2012-04-22	a circumcizer ...Why would circumcision be practised in Westeros? No one did it in medieval Europe (or elsewhere) apart from small Jewish and Muslim minorities.
788	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	Why would circumcision be practised in Westeros? Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Theon asked Ramsey.
789	rmholt	2012-04-22	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Theon asked Ramsey.Why would circumcision be practised in Westeros? No one did it in medieval Europe (or elsewhere) apart from small Jewish and Muslim minorities.Woof that would be some pretty harsh circumcision
790	rmholt	2012-04-22	Say does anyone know what that gadget is that Tyrion is toying with in Pycelles chambers when he is confronting Pycelle about betraying him to Cersei?  It looks like a small guillotine type cutting device.I thought cigar cutter too but havent seen any cigars.  perhaps for cutting off the manhood as has been suggested perhaps for VD? Maybe how LF got his nickname Or maybe a nail trimmer for direwolves but then how did Pycelle get it?  Are there any GoT prop guys on here?
791	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-22	This last episode really brought-out how pretty she is too.I really liked Sansa's hairstyle in this episode - so much better than the coiled braids; the hair was not pulled back as sharply, and the result was more flattering.  She definitely looked prettier, but even sadder, than in Episode 1.
792	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I really liked Sansa's hairstyle in this episode - so much better than the coiled braids; the hair was not pulled back as sharply, and the result was more flattering.  She definitely looked prettier, but even sadder, than in Episode 1.  I thought so as well.
793	WetHair	2012-04-22	Ditto; in some scenes Sansa is so lovely.  Another one from last season was during the joust between Ser Loras and The Mountain.  Those braids do nothing for either her or Cersei; the castle stylist needs to keep up with current trends.  But at least neither of them have ever appeared with Princess Leia's cinnabuns.  They just made me hungry.
794	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Ditto; in some scenes Sansa is so lovely.  Another one from last season was during the joust between Ser Loras and The Mountain.  Those braids do nothing for either her or Cersei; the castle stylist needs to keep up with current trends.  But at least neither of them have ever appeared with Princess Leia's cinnabuns.  They just made me hungry.LOL!  Last season, I thought she was really pretty in the scene where she was a smart-mouthed little $h!t to Septa Mordane and then Joffrey comes in and gives her the necklace.  He hair looked like crap, but the little smile she gave Joff when she was making goo-goo eyes at him was gorgeous.  No wonder Littlefinger fell in love with young Cat and Sansa both; very pretty.
795	Planetary	2012-04-22	LOL!  Last season, I thought she was really pretty in the scene where she was a smart-mouthed little $h!t to Septa Mordane and then Joffrey comes in and gives her the necklace.  He hair looked like crap, but the little smile she gave Joff when she was making goo-goo eyes at him was gorgeous.  No wonder Littlefinger fell in love with young Cat and Sansa both; very pretty.I really don't mean to sound cruel, but the actress was born in '96 dude. It's kinda creepy to read messages from mid-30s neckbeards describing her as "gorgeous."The device Tyrion is playing with in Pycelle's room is some sort of protractor, from what I remember.And Tyrion leaves two coins because the poor prostitute had to shag Pycelle. He leaves the first coin, turns around and watches the sorry old man trying to struggle, then reconsiders and adds another coin. To me, that screams, "Sorry you had to have sex with that dude, you deserve more money for that..." and not necessarily any Tysha connection.
796	King Tyrion VIII	2012-04-22	I was disappointed with the Renly part of this episode. In the book he had an army of what? 120,000 men? They had to level acres of forest to make camp. But in the episode it makes it seem like he has 100 or so men and you really don't know that he has this huge army behind him.
I understand the logistics and expense of having 120,000 extras, but they could have done a CGI'd pan in of a huge army.
797	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I was disappointed with the Renly part of this episode. In the book he had an army of what? 120,000 men? They had to level acres of forest to make camp. But in the episode it makes it seem like he has 100 or so men and you really don't know that he has this huge army behind him.I understand the logistics and expense of having 120,000 extras, but they could have done a CGI'd pan in of a huge army.And it would've eaten a *HUGE* chunk of their budget better spent on the Battle of the Blackwater.
798	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I really don't mean to sound cruel, but the actress was born in '96 dude. It's kinda creepy to read messages from mid-30s neckbeards describing her as "gorgeous."I'm going to be far more diplomatic in my reply than such drivel as that above deserves and just say that recognizing beauty does not mean you want to have sex with the person.  If you have trouble with that concept, I would kindly advise you to look to your own foibles before worrying about someone else's.
799	J_Crews	2012-04-22	double post deleted.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 22 April 2012 - 09:21 PM.
800	King Tyrion VIII	2012-04-22	And it would've eaten a *HUGE* chunk of their budget better spent on the Battle of the Blackwater.I didn't know my suggestion would cost so much. I don't know anything about these things really. Thanks for replying because I wholeheartedly agree they need to put everything into the Battle of the Blackwater that they can.Battle of the Blackwater gives them a chance to score BIG with an EPIC battle scene. It will win tons of loyal viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Baratheon, 22 April 2012 - 11:03 PM.
801	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I didn't know my suggestion would cost so much. I don't know anything about these things really. Thanks for replying because I wholeheartedly agree they need to put everything into the Battle of the Blackwater that they can.Battle of the Blackwater gives them a chance to score BIG with an EPIC battle scene. It will win tons of loyal viewers.Yeah, CGI can get pretty expensive in a hurry.  It would be awesome, though.  If I hit the lotto, maybe I'll write the producer's a check.  LOL  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
802	boojam	2012-04-26	Yeah, CGI can get pretty expensive in a hurry.  It would be awesome, though.  If I hit the lotto, maybe I'll write the producer's a check.  LOL  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Just how expensive is CGI in 2012? They are still running about 6 million an episode, if that extra 15 % is spent only on Blackwater , still leaves a lot for the rest.Which makes me hope that we will see a lot more of the three dragons from now on.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 26 April 2012 - 06:06 AM.
803	J_Crews	2012-04-26	Yeah, I think Blackwater pretty much consumed the budget this season.  It dominates an entire episode of screen time and took a month of night-shoots to film, all by itself.  Even with that, though, I won't be surprised if it isn't quite as epic as we might like.  I don't expect a ton of wide shots of hundreds of CGI war galleys and soldiers; if we get that at all, it'll be quick shots, with most of the action being close-ups where, for instance, the same ship deck/span of city wall can have been reused for multiple shots  Either way, it'll be awesome.  I just hope we get a good look at the Wildfire conflagration.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 26 April 2012 - 04:53 PM.
804	boojam	2012-04-27	Yeah, I think Blackwater pretty much consumed the budget this season.  It dominates an entire episode of screen time and took a month of night-shoots to film, all by itself.  Even with that, though, I won't be surprised if it isn't quite as epic as we might like.  I don't expect a ton of wide shots of hundreds of CGI war galleys and soldiers; if we get that at all, it'll be quick shots, with most of the action being close-ups where, for instance, the same ship deck/span of city wall can have been reused for multiple shots  Either way, it'll be awesome.  I just hope we get a good look at the Wildfire conflagration.The extra ~ 1 million could have been spent on episode 9, but still leave about 6 million per episode (tho I don't thing we ever see the real definitive numbers).Say that I saw a new interview with Emilia Clarke today talking about the dragons. She said D&d did want them in every episode , not because of CGI, but they felt they could wear out their novelty.I can buy that, tho must at admit in 4 episodes we have only seen one once very briefly.By the by she said they used very finely done scale models as CGI 'ques' , I wonder if that was one they had on Entertainment Weekly?
805	J_Crews	2012-04-27	I saw a new interview with Emilia Clarke today talking about the dragons. She said D&d did want them in every episode , not because of CGI, but they felt they could wear out their novelty.I can buy that, tho must at admit in 4 episodes we have only seen one once very briefly.They can say what they want, and I'm not disputing the overall truth of it, but I'll never, even for an instant, believe $$$ isn't a big part of it too.  Compare this show, for instance, with something like Battlestar Galactica which had to have used tons of CGI; the difference being that nearly every shot that wasn't CGI was shot on sets at a soundstage.  GoT, on the other hand, shot this season with 3 separate crews in 3 separate locations around the world.  That takes a whole lotta cheddar, and an extra million dollars here and there don't go that far when you're working on that kind of scale.Also, unless they cut it to save $$$ as well, even the fire during Blackwater will need to be altered using CGI in post-production.  It's supposed to be green and cast the sky in a creepy greenish hue, accordingly.  So, even something like torching a boat you're done filming aboard or having Sansa look out her bedroom window requires CGI-work during post-production.
806	boojam	2012-04-28	They can say what they want, and I'm not disputing the overall truth of it, but I'll never, even for I had a typo in my entry. Clarke said D&D did NOT want the dragons in each episode, and they didn't say it was because of money.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 28 April 2012 - 04:46 AM.
807	J_Crews	2012-04-28	I knew what you meant, and I have no doubt that's true... but I'll never believe $$$ didn't, at least, play a role.  I'm betting if next season requires less CGI work (not having an entire episode being consumed with a full month of night shoots, requiring CGI work for every shot that so much as shows a single flame) we'll see more of the dragons.  Unless they completely abandon the idea of the wildfire burning green, 90% of that episode will have required CGI work in post-production, devouring $$$ from an already-stretched budget.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 28 April 2012 - 05:45 PM.
808	James Arryn	2012-04-28	I knew what you meant, and I have no doubt that's true... but I'll never believe $$$ didn't, at least, play a role.Could be, but the Jaws concept of tension maximization is a reasonably accepted one in film/television nowadays. Which is ironic, in that it came about because of $/mechanical issues.
809	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-17	I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast. I'm wondering what people think about each episode after a second viewing and w/ the added bonus of the commentaries, histories, maps, etc.Fantastic commentary on this episode by the writer and director. They apparently had a very collaborative process in crafting the outline of the episode and how it fit into the season. I didn't listen to much of the second commentary track w/ the Stark kids (Sansa, Arya, and Bran) as there was entirely too much annoying giggling going on. The show runners mention in a later commentary that the kids were "entertaining" in this commentary, so I may try to come back and listen to it again in the future.
810	Ran	2012-04-15	What'd you think?
811	dtones520	2012-04-15	Loved this episode. Really showed Theons struggle to find a family. Tyrion was money in KL.
812	J_Crews	2012-04-15	Superbly acted episode. I thought Sansa's desperation was very palpable as well.
813	Ran	2012-04-15	I think this episode (and the next) are better than the first two, but in some sense it's a little easier -- fewer narrative threads, so they could focus a little more. Theon sequence with the letter and the reconsecration is my favorite sequence in these four episodes.
814	Mr. E	2012-04-15	Gave it a nine, and is it just me or are Brienne and Sansa both seven feet tall?
					
					
							Edited by Mr. E, 15 April 2012 - 09:11 PM.
815	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-04-15	Really enjoyed this episode and how things are beginning to pick up speed. Sometimes its a bit shocking for me to see how they condense things in the show since I just love the books so much, but I think overall the writers do a great job of it. Cant wait for next week!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Joe of House Targaryen, 15 April 2012 - 09:12 PM.
816	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-15	Theon sequence with the letter and the reconsecration is my favorite sequence in these four episodes.It was very good, and it illustrated the impossible situation Theon is in now. By burning it he closed the door on his connection to the Starks forever
817	Zios	2012-04-15	Would like to give it a 9. but will stay at 8.  Feeling the momentum starting to pick up. My only real gripe is with how this show portrays Shae..  but really only a little nitpick. Whore with a pointless attitude.
818	Strider	2012-04-15	Outstanding episode.  I give it a 10.  Yes, I know that book-Margery is not so wise in the things of the world as is HBO-Margery; but I find this a welcome change.  Tyrion still owns the show.
819	Josephxoxo	2012-04-15	My only real gripe is with how this show portrays Shae.. but really only a little nitpick. Whore with a pointless attitudeTotally agree. The character of Margaery in the show takes it more than in the book whereas Shae's character wen't downhill. Her accent is stupid, she's stupid, she's annoying, she's a bad actor and she take's up to much screen time from the precious minutes that are limited on television. Those precious minutes could do more screentime on Arya, Daenerys, etc...
820	scurvy	2012-04-15	Significantly better than the previous two.  Finally hitting its stride.  Kept to a few storylines, not scattered all over to make everyone feel a part.  I like that Dany has been sidelined b/c her chapters were not very big in CoK IMO for movement of her plot.  I like that Robb is only mentioned and not shown.  I like that the Kinglsayer is spoken of and not shown.
I like that they stuck to some key conversations from the book.  Tyrion's plot to test the council was well paced for TV.  Yoren was outstanding. 
Even the added scenes were strong and didn't seem out of character, unlike last week with Stannis and Littlefinger.
Very pleased.  A 9.
					
					
							Edited by scurvy, 15 April 2012 - 09:47 PM.
821	Ran	2012-04-15	Sibel Kekilli's actually a brilliant actress. She may or may not be playing Shae well (I like her), or perhaps it's the writers not writing well (think they're doing fine), but she's exceptionally talented. Watch her in Die Fremde and weep.
822	boojam	2012-04-15	As always the cast the production values will garner a 10.
Ah, Bryan Cogman, this is much better, Tyrion's power play, excellent!
Gwendoline Christie nails it.
Natalie Dormer nails it.
Gemma Whelan nails it. (I have just noticed, Gemma's resemblance to Patrick Malahide is to be marked. Did not noticed that in E2.)
There is now a creeping problem, and it's due to George.
What goes from George's prose through the grinder has to be done. All that elaboration has to be boiled down , and that's as it should be.
What worked for a 10 episode season one, is starting to show a strain in season 2.
The fight at the keep that ends this episode had more of a plot advancement in the novel. I don't mind skipping Arya's escape and travelog being totally foreshortened and the rest eliminated... but alas the fight on the hold fast's wall seemed to be a piece of action that unified a small part of the plot at that point. Alas, budget problems again. 
12 episodes would be an effort, but if HBO applied the resources D&D could do it. (Maybe with added help.)
We seemed cursed with some jamming , fixing it would be hard, but what is art for?
All in all this makes up for the first two episodes.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2012 - 05:13 AM.
823	Dru	2012-04-15	This episode really feels like the story is starting to flow. Introductions are done and we can begin. Great episode. Well acted and don't really have a complaint. Gave it a 9.
824	Old Bear	2012-04-15	Much better than episode two.
Theon should have drown in that added part.  Wasn't a fan of the added Renly scenes.  I'm not sure why the producers are so adamant to showcase Renly and Loras. I rated it an eight.
825	Old Bear	2012-04-15	Gave it a nine, and is it just me or are Brienne and Sansa both seven feet tall?I thought the same about Sansa, until I realized I was comparing her to Shae, and Shae to Tyrion. To me, Brienne was of appropriate height, just too attractive.
826	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-15	I am torn on how I feel about this episode so I gave it a five.
I was pleasantly surprised with how Marg was portrayed.  When I saw the casting, I did not feel comfortable that she was to be portrayed as older than Loras and Renly or that she was more the mastermind behind the Tyrells.  But I liked it and can see a lot of promise in the adaptation of this particular storyline.
Totally whooped with glee with Brienne.  Gwendoline Christie nailed it.  I found her totally believable as the character.  I thought it might have been clever camera work to make her appear so tall, then I looked up her actual height.  Having natural attributes that contribute to a books character certainly helps with on-screen believability.
I still do not like this portrayal of Asha.  Her attitude is so different from the books.  It makes me feel uncomfortable.  I thought perhaps I interpreted her character wrong, but I've reread some of her scenes and chapters and I don't get dull insolence from book Asha at all.  I read a witty female fighting her way in a man's world.  I want to root for book Asha.  I want to drown tv yara.
The Kings Landing scenes were very jumpy and felt incomplete somehow.  Though I am glad they included Varys riddle!
I like the vision they had with the changes on how Yoren dies and Arya is captured by the Lannisters.  I just didn't like how it was filmed.  It was as though they filmed the entire episode and realized they ran out of money just at the end and sort of winged it with the little bit they had left. 
In short, I liked most of the changes, most of the new character portrayals, I just didn't like something about the direction of it all.  I started getting bored.
827	Goreshank	2012-04-15	Gave it a 9, because there is always room to improve, but overall I am very pleased with it.  The personal struggle for Theon was excellent.  I just wish he had made a different decision.
828	Tewks44	2012-04-15	This episode has single handedly renewed my excitement for season 2.  I thought it was a massive improvement over the first two which were, to be honest, a tad disappointing.
829	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-15	Although I think the other two episodes were good, this was a GREAT episode.All the Tyrion scenes, per usual, were excellent but I particularly loved the scene between him and Cersei. First time in this series that I actually felt something for the Queen. When I read this part in ACoK Cersei came off as petulant, bull-headed and short-sighted. In tonight's episode Lena Headey was able to go further beyond the surface and show the emotion of a mother losing her daughter, to have men control your life and to not want your daughter to be treated as a show pony like she was. Brilliant scene. Just brilliant. I also thought the family dinner scene with Cersei, her children and Sansa was also subtlety brilliant. The actress who's playing Sansa is getting better. She portrayed  the "scared hostage" perfectly. Cersei was chilling as well "Sansa, the princess spoke to you..", "Sansa will do her duty"...the only thing more terrifying than a dangerous person is a dangerous and reckless person which Cersei truly is. Between the the Evil Queen and the Psycho Fiance, Sansa lives in constant fear. It's no wonder she hasn't had a nervous breakdown yet. I also REALLY enjoyed the Greyjoy scenes. WOW...they are really doing this storyline justice IMO. Theon, poor Theon. He just wants the love of his father and Alfie Allen is portraying that perfectly to us. He plays the arrogant cad to the public but underneath it all he's just a scared little boy with abandonment issues. Yara (Asha) seems much more stern and grubby than I imagined her in the books, but you know what? I think it's actually better because the rough and ready motif goes more with the Ironborn culture.
830	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-15	after getting the gripes out of my system after the first 2 episodes, I sat back and really enjoyed the 3rd tonight
831	Dacie	2012-04-15	9.
My favorite of the season, by far.
Loved Theon, Tyrion, Marg/Renly/Loras. 
I actually liked Asha/Yara last episode, but wasn't as crazy about this one. Reserving judgement.
I think they're doing a great job with the wolf dreams. It could look silly or cheesy if done the wrong way, but they pull it off just right.
832	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-15	Would like to give it a 9. but will stay at 8.  Feeling the momentum starting to pick up. My only real gripe is with how this show portrays Shae..  but really only a little nitpick. Whore with a pointless attitude.I think Shae's portrayal is spot on. Exactly how I imagined her.
	Spoiler Too bad Tyrion didn't choke then and get it over with
 . So annoying... /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />ETA...had to add spoiler tags.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 15 April 2012 - 10:50 PM.
833	_Oberyn_	2012-04-15	8. It was a much better episode than the other two but it still a bit more "informative" then anything.
What i loved about this episode is that even if it makes some big changes from the book, e.g Arya, it does not annoy me like the small changes in episodes 1-2 because it makes sense. And thats what balance i think that should be kept between show and books changes are fine but no mater how big or small they have to make fucking sense.
Also if i had to nitpick "Loras" should have learned to pronounce his own last name properly.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 15 April 2012 - 11:17 PM.
834	Blaer Dayle	2012-04-15	I liked the first 2 episodes, but I LOVED this one. Added scenes all felt in character (Sansa came off as spoiled and arrogant having grown up and wanting nothing, but on realizing Shae is in a similar situation she warmed up to her, and Tommen is the weak little boy who doesn't want to hurt even his worst enemies, Jaqen says "a boy should help open the cage", and "a man can fight"). the scenes all served a purpose (for those complaining about Renly/Loras the scene did show how Brienne will be viewed as a member of the Rainbow Guard, and showed that the public knows about their love and scoffs at Renly as being weak for it). Littlefinger finally showed up as he is in the books (that look when promised Harrenhal and Lord Paramount of the Trident spoke volumes on part of his character) and not as the weak, pointless, and stupid character he has been so far this season. And they managed to end the tailing Gendry then suddenly he is forgotten/what to do with Arya's pointless wandering issues that would inevitably come up in great form (condensing the wandering around the lake doesn't bother me at all). Yoren and Arya was great and foreshadowed where Arya is headed as a dark path with no happy ending greatly. The small council deception from Tyrion, the reaction from Cersei, Brienne in general, and the arrest of Pycelle all matched my imagination perfectly. This episode has been the best this season, and in at least the top 3 of the series, I personally thought it was flawless.
10/10 From me
835	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	Everything was great except we did not need to have the Shae/Sansa scene
836	Fredwin	2012-04-15	Total improvement in all aspects, except as noted, Shae. I'd give the other episodes a 6 or so, but this was a definite 9.5
837	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-15	I thought this episode was fantastic! def the best of the season so far.
The tyrion scenes were superb, I loved the switch from pycelle, to varys to littlefinger.
Brilliant acting all around, Natalie Dormer is fantastic and they confirm or at least hint at some mysteries from the book in the show's Loras, Margery, Renly dynamic.
The Arya scene was the show stealer as always.  Joren was brilliant and its a shame he had to go.
My one complaint: Did they recast Shagga son of Dolph? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
838	Howdyphillip	2012-04-15	10...
The only reason that I don't give it an 11 is because I lost my amp.
839	SFA-OK	2012-04-15	I agree that it was the best episode so far this season, still not great but an improvement. I'll give it a 6. 
Looks like they cast a good actress for Brienne. small nitpick but I always pictured her having long hair, not short. Maybe she had short hair in the book and I missed that. 
Actor playing Theon is doing a good job, same for Sansa. 
Shae and Asha = bad. 
It was cool to see a lot of people in a scene for once (the Brienne intro).
840	Delmas	2012-04-16	The only thing that woulda made this episode better is Sallador Saan woulda tried to fuck somebody, 9.
841	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9.  I loved this episode.  Tyrion was outstanding.  Brienne of Tarth was a pleasant surprise.  The ambush of the Yoren's people was flawless.  I'm going to miss Yoren.  The best episode, so far.
842	Envie	2012-04-16	I gave this episode a big 10 way up there. I felt ALL scenes were relevant and well done, no wasted bits at all.
I especially loved Tyrion's 'test' with Pycelle, Varys and Littlefinger - so well done!
A lot of people aren't liking the change of Shae becoming Sansa's handmaid, but I actually like it. They have to cut characters where they can, and cutting Lolly out now is probably just as well, her purpose was pretty limited and pathetic as semi-retarded and getting raped / pregnant and all that. They'll find a different way for Bronn to get his lordship and I'm ok with that somewhat wide deviation from the plot.
I liked "Yara" better this week. She still acts too sullen and broody for my tastes, but if she's supposed to act and look like Balon's son/daughter well she's got that part down.
Again, I feel really sorry for Theon. He's making a difficult choice and we all know where that leads him.
The Yoren, Gendry, Arya scene was again - very well done and so intense this time.
I also was ok with the Loras / Renly scene and felt it was important as a lead in to why Renly won't do the deed with Margaery. I like that they added her willingness to 'help' her King consummate the marriage, with or without her Brother's help, haha!
843	kephv	2012-04-16	Best episode of the season (gave it a ten). May actually be one of my favorites overall. The Yoren and Arya scene at the end was amazing (Maisie Williams is absolutely brilliant as was Francis Magee). That would've been worth it alone. Oh, and crossbows? It takes more than arrows to stop Yoren! He'll be missed. :*(
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 16 April 2012 - 12:20 AM.
844	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-16	Excellent episode. See, the first two were worth the pacing to get to this one. Tyrion is in full pimp mode. I think the scene with Cersei were really good. Lena Headley is humanizing her more than she is in the books although I expect and want full crazy once we get to season 3 and beyond until it gets reined in again. The scenes at Pyke were awesome. I love the symbolizm with Theon shot completely in the dark except for a candle. I think Sophie Turner should get more kudos for playing Sansa. Her performance is understated so it really makes Sanda a more sympathetic character. Brienne was spot on. I love the added scenes with Loras, Renly, and Margarey. Loras and Margarey are trying to get it through Renly's head he needs to take stuff more seriously.
845	Corvinus	2012-04-16	I gave it an 8
-1 for the Renly-Loras thing
-1 for Yoren being the inspiration for Arya's prayer, and implying that Littlefinger will influence Catelyn's future actions.
846	snowzombie	2012-04-16	I loved the premier, the second episode a bit less and this episode just wasn't doing it for me. But last season the first half dragged while the last half was almost all pay off. And next week is shadow baby time. Cannot. Wait. 
Jon and Bran - snoozefest.
Shae - hated it. 
I've wanted to like Yara, especially since people were ragging on her for not being hot enough after seing a single screencap of her. This actress does not have the charisma necessary to play the character. Asha was no great beauty, but she had a magnetism. Yara is just playing Balon's mini-me. Balon, however, is excellent. And Theon's speech to him about letting him just be taken was truly excellent. 
The thing I am enjoying most about the show right now is all the subtlety and nuance Lena Headey is bringing to Cersei. Her anger towards Tyrion over Mrycella was my favorite part of the episode. 
The Arya/Yoren scene was electric. I'm sort of mixed on them making him the origin of the "people I want to see dead" prayer, but I understand it was a necessity. Same with Jaqen's rescue being anti-climatic.
847	salt	2012-04-16	This was the best episode of the season so far, by a long shot.  Thank goodness it didn't suck, I was starting to get worried.
848	J_Crews	2012-04-16	A lot of people aren't liking the change of Shae becoming Sansa's handmaid, but I actually like it. They have to cut characters where they can, and cutting Lolly out now is probably just as well, her purpose was pretty limited and pathetic as semi-retarded and getting raped / pregnant and all that. They'll find a different way for Bronn to get his lordship and I'm ok with that somewhat wide deviation from the plot.Either a lot of people are forgetting or I'm crazy, but...
	Spoiler doesn't she become Sansa's handmaid anyway?
 Of course, that's later in the books, but -- to me -- it's only a small deviation/advancement of the story, not a wide one.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 16 April 2012 - 01:11 AM.
849	IronSuitor	2012-04-16	Very good episode, I gave it an 8 only because I need room on the scale for even better ones.
The Renly-Loras-Margaery thing is being played very well, all things considered. 
Tyrion's scenes were suitably brilliant.
Theon and Balon's interactions are improvements on the book version, IMO. Both actors are playing the hell out of their roles and the visuals are fantastic, though I'm not a fan of Yara/Asha.
The last scene made it, for me. Amory Lorch and crew were pitch perfect. I can't wait to see Harrenhall.
Given how amazing the casting has been so far, I'm really anticipating Roose Bolton and his interactions with Arya.
850	teemo	2012-04-16	I really liked it.  There were a few awkward scenes/storyline changes, like Shae on fast-forward and her terrible acting.  Besides that, I was very pleased.  LOVE Brienne the three question thing with Tyrion.  Oh, and the Tyrell/Renly/Margaery thing.  That's exactly how I pictured their relationship!  I definitely saw the Queen of Thorns in her then.  She hides it in front of Sansa when we see her in the books, but she is very cunning and smart.
851	mrnegativity	2012-04-16	A solid 9, only because I need somewhere to go.
Art direction / set/costume design continues to be outstanding. Best examples this episode - Brienne's armour (her sigil, sapphire details), Margaery's dresses (hot), Tyrion's garb; everything shot in Pyke. Unreal.
Some pretty epic editing/directing - Pycelle morphing into Varys, holy shit. Great job conveying a very important plot point.
Developing Margaery's character earlier than in the books - good option.
Condensing Arya's wandering - good option.
Making us like Yoren more before killing him / giving Arya an inspiration for her prayers - good option (we're only going to sympathise more with Arya now that YET ANOTHER influential protector slash father figure has been cut down in front of her).
As others have pointed out, the only thing that pissed me off this episode was Shae; but I hated her in the books so figures. Showing Sansa to be a little bitch was an interesting one too, I'm ho-hum on that but she probably needs a little depth now in order to lend weight to her developments later.
852	Davos55	2012-04-16	Excellent episode! I gave it a 9.  Theon was great in this episode, and I think him burning the note and  his scene with the Damphair were just brilliant. (Amazing music in the Damphair scene).  Tyrion was a boss as always, though I don't know where they are headed with LF and Catelyn.
  I really liked the scene in Winterfell with Bran, mostly because I love Maester Luwin, Summer, Hodor, and Bran! Yoren's death was very tragic, and came off better than it did in the book. I was very sad to see him go, but atleast he went down fighting! Arya was brilliant as always!
My only gripes were Yara (Asha) who I still do not like in the show, and Shae, who I didn't like in the books, and I hate in the show
Can't wait for next Sunday!
853	gramblor	2012-04-16	such a great episode. I can see lots of nit-pickers being complainy and whining about brienne not being ugly enough. I thought she was great. Her height and her voice and emotion was awesome. Plus she was ugly......not really ugly, but "swedish ugly"
854	Lord Belmore	2012-04-16	I thought it was pretty much perfect. I was gushing throughout the episode. My only gripes:
-I still think Asha/Yara was poorly cast, but I already penalized that in the last episode.
-Shae is annoying, but I liked her no more in the book. As such, it's a very small issue.
855	SI Monster	2012-04-16	Just finished watching the encore. At first, because I was kind of busy, I gave the episode an 8. I felt the scene with Sansa and Shae somewhat rushed and the extended scene of Loras and Renly sprinkled a little bit of Margaery a bit unknerving. Again, I'm no gay-basher but I just feel that an unkept secret is not fun and can be distracting.
Upon second viewing, I changed my vote to a solid 9. I did that mostly becuase of the scenes of Pyke and the elaboration of the relationship between Theon and Baelon Greyjoy. It made me actually feel for Theon even though he's one of the few characters I'd like to kill off as fast as possible aside from Ramsay Snow. And props to Alfie Allen and Patrick Malahide for how they potrayed the pain and shame of their rather sticky relationship. It was something that wasn't really delve into in the books that I thought really needed it, IMHO.
Aside from what I previously mentioned (because I hate repeating myself) I give it a solid 9.
856	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	No one else enjoyed Jons opening scene? 
I thought it was a great display of Kit's improved acting and great interaction with Mormont.
The Bran setup was nice.
The Iron Islands stuff was brilliant.
The further inclusion of Dorne has me happy.
Tyrion was great.  All his KL was spot on.
Brienne was great, and huge!
Sansa and Cersei really had me convinced.
I like the Tyrells.
Arya and Yoren was great.
Timmet son of Timmet as Shagga son of Dolf?  Have they gone fully retarded?  Why not just keep Timmet as Timmet if the actor for Shagga is gone?
I don't much care for Shae's brilliance in other films when she is sucking in the show I'm currently watching.  She is much to ignorant to risk putting with Sansa, especially if Tyrion is trying to keep her concealed.
Her accent, attitude and delivery are aggravating. 
I was a bit bugged that Cersei was almost brought to tears by Sansa's plight but I guess she sees herself as a young pawn.
Best show so far, 8/10
857	rmholt	2012-04-16	Cant stop thinking how lucky we are to have this so well-rendered on the small screen.  OK with HD.  So many great SF/Fantasy literature slaughtered on film.  Oh, and great episode.
858	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-16	I was a bit bugged that Cersei was almost brought to tears by Sansa's plight but I guess she sees herself as a young pawn.Huh??? I must have missed that part....
859	salt	2012-04-16	Theon's scene- burning the letter and being baptized by the priest of the Drowned God-
Wow.  That was downright cinematic.  Game of Thrones is the only show on TV I can think of that can pull off something like that.  They're really making use of the fact that so many people are watching on HDTVs these days, the quality was like something out of a Ridley Scott film.  Had anyone walked in the room at that scene, they would have thought for sure I was watching a movie and not a television show.
860	Stannis is the Mannis	2012-04-16	8. Best of the season so far. A lot of good moments, and very few I had a problem with. The bedroom scene with Renly went on a little long, time that could have been better spent elsewhere. Also I found the continuation of the Craster cliffhanger to be very anti-climactic. There was no need to even have Craster catch Jon, they could have just left willingly. Seems like they mostly just wanted to force a cliffhanger onto the end of Ep. 2, but it really didn't lead anywhere significant. The scenes with Theon and the Greyjoys were great, and the scenes at Renly's camp as well. All in all a very solid episode.
However, one side comment about the season as a whole so far, the lack of characterization for the Dragonstone crew so far has been a little disappointing. Many characters cut out entirely, and very little back story on Davos and Stannis so far. These are relatively important characters and after 30% of the season I expected a little bit more to be invested in them. A few scenes this episode to develop character could have gone a long way.
861	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9, the same as last week. There were a couple of moments where I thought the writing was a bit off, but other than that I thought it was fantastic -- particularly the Arya scenes. If I'm being honest, though, I think the lack of Daenerys really affected this episode. At least we'll see some advancement in her story next week.And I don't quite understand the hatred of Shae. She's a much more interesting character than she was in the books, and the actress is doing a fantastic job. I gave it an 8-1 for the Renly-Loras thing-1 for Yoren being the inspiration for Arya's prayer, and implying that Littlefinger will influence Catelyn's future actions. -1 for a scene that advanced the plot? Oh dear.
862	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	Huh??? I must have missed that part....It looked like she was touched by Sansa in that scene between her, Myrcella and Tommen.  She is still being a bitch but it felt like at some moment she was feeling a bit human.  Might just be how I saw it.
863	teemo	2012-04-16	It looked like she was touched by Sansa in that scene between her, Myrcella and Tommen.  She is still being a bitch but it felt like at some moment she was feeling a bit human.  Might just be how I saw it.going to re-watch that right now!
864	ace	2012-04-16	Gave it an 8. Easily the best so far this season. Not without its flaws of course but hopefully the improvement will continue.
865	Arkash	2012-04-16	First time I give an episode a 10... but damn me, this one was amazing !
866	teemo	2012-04-16	It looked like she was touched by Sansa in that scene between her, Myrcella and Tommen.  She is still being a bitch but it felt like at some moment she was feeling a bit human.  Might just be how I saw it.I didn't see it....she looked a little evil to me.  "But she'll still do her duty.  Right, my little dove?"  :smirk:
867	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Great episode 8/10. Loved everything in Renly's camp, at King's Landing and on Pyke (Alfie Allen's portrayal of Theon is really great).
Had a bit off a problem with Yoren and Arya, and though I understand the need to speed up the story, in this case it just felt rushed. Arya's escape from the holdfast is my favourite chapter in the whole series, and one of the few times where Martin's prose reaches the highest level. Pity they couldn't translate that brilliance to the screen. I also wonder what will happen to the scene were The Mountain's men are interrogating the townpeople, that is such a heartbreaking scene, and pretty important for Arya's character growth.
Brienne was brilliant and fucking massive, and I like the continued exploration of Bran's warging. That was one of the most intriguing parts of aCoK for me.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 16 April 2012 - 05:05 AM.
868	JW.	2012-04-16	Good episode, huge step up from the last one for sure. Solid 8/10.
Brienne lived up to the hype, although she only had a few lines sadly. Alfie Allen is just so great as Theon, that amazing scene when he is yelling at his father.. awesome! First well done non-book added scene of the season so far. Tyrion and how he exposed the rat in the small council, well done aswell. Maisie as Arya continues to be amazing, she really is the most talented of the kid actors on this show, that whole last scene with Yoren and the aftermath was wonderfully done.
Also happy we didn't see any brothel scenes, ofcourse we did have nudity.. but for once HBO did it with some class... shocking!
Stuff i didn't like:
I hate Shae, i'm not sure if it's the actress or the lines she is given, but why the F would Tyrion risk his neck for the likes of her? In the books she comes of as sweet and caring for Tyrion, here? not so much. And yet again, the complete lack of subletly in the show.. but it seems we will have to get used to it.
					
					
							Edited by JW., 16 April 2012 - 05:00 AM.
869	ShadowRaven	2012-04-16	Without a single doubt the best episode up till now of season 2.
870	jon's_mom	2012-04-16	Wow, just wow. Amazing episode.
I gave it a 10 out of 10. I was happily surprised at how awesome they transferred the book to tv this week. The last's weeks episode I rated it 4 out of 10 because it annoyed me to see all the inconsintancies with the book. This episode however, episode 3 was even better than most of the imagery in my head about how scenes played out.
Like I thought it was awesome how Theon was portrayed and how others reacted to him. Amazing. Theon flips out at his dad and his sister obviously sympathizes with what Theon went through. It also showed that Theon's dad was disgusted at himself for giving up Theon and bending the knee to Robert, swearing fealty. Then the theatrical music with Theon being blessed by the drowned god. I got most of this from the books but seeing it portrayed visually was awesome. It shows why GRRM puts so much effort into Theon in the books.
The Tyrrels were portrayed exactly as I envisioned them in the books. All the Tyrrels care about is advancing their family in the "game". This episode portrayed that perfectly. To be honest I did look away from the screen a few times with the gay crap Renly and Loras were doing, it does kind of disgust me. However I think it was totally necessary to show that stuff so the viewer could understand how gay Renly is. It also shows that the Tyrrels are a united family aiming for domination.
Oh I'll end my speech here, but great episode! I think I'm gonna make it my fave episode so far actually.
871	Arkash	2012-04-16	I'm just sad they didnt put Storm's End in the opening sequence... nor in the show.
872	sennahoj	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9, but only because I expect some of the coming episodes to top this one. Nonetheless, the episode flowed nicely, the new introductions were well handled and it didn't feel that rushed. I expect we'll see more of Dragonstone and Dany's little khalasar next time, but it felt right to leave them out this time and establish Renly and his retinue. The Baratheon sigil in Tyrell colours on all the banners visualizes his alliance quite nicely.
873	boojam	2012-04-16	Horse budget problems again?
George handed them the melee at Bitterbridge on a silver platter.
When Cat arrives of the hundred or so knights who started ... all have been eliminated...only four left.
Ok, so that could have been cut to two ... didn't Brienne unseat Loras after he had unseated her?
No horses, now one can see some defeated knights in the background.
The rest played out pretty much as in the book, I wonder if most of the audience knew it was a 'melee'?
(A nit, once again a large vista seemed contracted by camera coverage, VFX being saved on doing the 'multiplier effect' of scenes like that? First season I could understand the size of the tourney , even D&D complained about that, but thought maybe HBO would spring for more CGI this season, I guess it's all going into Blackwater, dragons and long shot vistas.)
Not that the Northern Ireland landscape didn't look beautiful, just that some cinematic devices were used.
Man the sigil of house Tarth is almost impossible to see.
The choice of more bronze and no blue enamel is ok with me, didn't figure Brienne's armor would look so elegant at this point. 
And so , this is , I think, the fourth pronunciation of Brienne (maybe I have never heard George say it?), ok so now we have the SoIaF dictionary version!
Gwendoline Christie is really into it. I am glad Geroge's uneven cartoonish description of Brienne was not used. In SoS Jamie is always calling her homely , and by damn, Gwen did look that way last night (and she's and attractive lady).
I am glad she is using her own voice and not trying to pitch a deeper one, tho I don't think, could be wrong, Geroge never describes Brienne's voice.
One thing missed , maybe it was there, the insults hurled at Brienne were not in the script last night, expected at least one.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2012 - 05:55 AM.
874	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-16	I gave the episode a solid 8 and consider it the real beginning to the season.  I expect rest of the season to be incredible.  
High points:
1. Theon's plight is displayed perfectly.  The fact that he nearly warned Robb is as gut wrenching as I envisioned it.
2. Tyrion as always was spectacular
3. Natalie Dormer (Margaery) was all that I expected.  Loved her in the Tudors
4. The guy playing the Grand Maester is doing a great job
5. The scenery of the world of Westeros continues to amaze me.  Pyke is simply amazing and Renly's camp was spectacular.
Low Points:
1. I think viewers get the point about Renly and Loras and do not need to be continually bombarded with imagery.  I think its totally unnecessary as I had to turn away.  However, seeing Natalie Dormer made up for it.
2.  Missing Characters continue to plague me.  None of the Reach lords are present (Randyll Tarly) when Cat meets with Renly.  None of Theon's uncles (Aeron) are present.
3. If anything, why not cut out some of the Shae scenes.  She annoys me almost as much as Ros.
875	TheEvilKing	2012-04-16	Gave that sucka a 10.
Good bits:
- Tyrell/Cat scenes.
- Sansa scenes.
- Tyrion's scenes.
- Arya's scenes.
- Greyjoy scenes.
ETA: Bran's scenes.
Hell, even Jon's scenes were good thanks to Mormont's speech.
Bad bits:
- I guess the fight scene at the end was a bit underwhelming, but understandable due to budget constraints.
- Sam's scene with Gilly was a bit cheesey.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 16 April 2012 - 06:06 AM.
876	ipsuel	2012-04-16	Loved it but gave it an 8 (probably should've given it a 9) -- mainly cuz I think with 7 episodes left, at least a few will top this one. Maybe lol.
I am *so glad* that they condensed Arya's travels. Nice way to get her where she needs to be, without us having 8 episodes of travel. 
I loved the Jon scene. Everything about it.
Loved the Iron Islands! Am I the only one who likes the new Yara/Asha? I think she was well cast. She fits perfectly with what was in my head. Tough as iron, with a little saucy attitude. I really don't get the hate she's getting. 
Enjoyed Varys, Tyrion, and Cersei (but that's nothing new). I think Sansa was good in this episode, too.
The only scene I could've done w/o was the Sam/Gilly scene. (That being said, I can see why they put it in there... viewers need to see his growing attachment to her). 
Overall -- very well done!
877	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-16	9/10. Best episode so far.Highlights:Theon's expanded brooding over whether to turn on Robb. Showing that he was this close to warning Robb of the Ironborn was a great scene, even if he thought twice.The ending sequence. Yoren is badass.Loras vs Brienne. Great scene.Natalie Dormer. "Carry him, he says..."Lowlights:Sansa's dinner with the Baratheons seemed rather pointless. I'd have made more of a point to show Tommen as the "nice one" there, instead of a rather blank slate.
878	Ran	2012-04-16	They did make the point. He didn't like the idea of Robb being killed.
Also, Myrcella talking about Sansa's weddings sort of gives context to the central Tyrion scene in which it's all about Myrcella's own wedding, no?
I've got an interview with Bryan going up tonight in which he touches on this and many other things related to the episode. 
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 16 April 2012 - 06:38 AM.
879	Linda	2012-04-16	After the first two episodes, I was literally feeling "I am not sure I want to watch more of this". This one (and the next) changed my mind, at least for now. It has great scenes more or less straight from the book and it has a great added scene (Theon's).
The one thing that makes me cringe is Margaery. I can't stand the casting (wasn't a fan of Dormer on the Tudors, I can tell I won't be a fan of hers on GoT either), can't stand the huge change in the character, and her scene with Renly was just one huge WTF moment. It was ... laughable, and not for good reasons.
880	Tears of Lys	2012-04-16	I rated it a solid 9, as I see many others have also.  Brienne was great!
The only part I wasn't sure about was concerning Margaery (sp?)  In the books she's a bit of a cipher.  But it does make total sense that she has an "arrangement" based on ambition with Renly.  We're not ever let in on the plotting of the Tyrells in the books, so it does really help to flesh this out more for people who haven't read the books.
ETA:  Oh, and thanks for reminding me!  The scene with Tyrion/Pycelle/Littlefinger/Varys was EXCELLENT!  Better than the book.  Scenes like this really illustrate how the different mediums have their strengths and weaknesses.  The ability to quickly cut to the conversations Tyrion had with each hammered the point home - Tyrion's a BAD ASS.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by Tears of Lys, 16 April 2012 - 07:24 AM.
881	Howland Reed	2012-04-16	I gave it a solid 8, would have gone 8.5 if the option was available.
Pros
-  I thought Theon did a fantastic job, his sister on the other hand is just not how I imagined her, but i'm sure her personality will play out soon enough.  Theon is killing it though, I tip my hat to him.  When he burned that letter I was like... shit... if only I could tell you what is to come.
- Tyrion's Scene with Little Finger/Pycelle/Varys.  I thought they made that scene very well.  
I'm sure there are more, but those two really stood out for me when recalling the episode.
Cons
- A lot of people hating on Shae.  I would have to agree to an extent.  Her character just seems a bit different than how I saw her in the book.  She seems like a huge biatch in the show, like she runs the place.  It wasn't a make or break thing for me.
- Renly/Loras/Marg  I just did not know how to perceive that whole scene.   Seemed a bit strange to me.  I see where they are going with it, Marg seems a bit more conniving than I ever expected, but that's just my opinion.  
All in all, I love the book so much that I appreciate anything even remotely following the story, and honestly I couldn't even fathom making a show out of it, and these guys are doing a great job at it.
Also Brienne was casted well, love that character.
One last thing.  Biter/Rorge don't seem nearly as intimidating as I always thought they were.  They seems like normal people where as I always imagined them as these big burly vile cruel m*therf*ckers.  Just my take.
(Sorry maybe I posted this in the wrong forum
					
					
							Edited by Howland Reed, 16 April 2012 - 07:19 AM.
882	Slingingstones	2012-04-16	It was like heading the ball from mid-field to score.  Yoren rules!
883	bikie	2012-04-16	9
loved the addition of Margaery's complexity and Brienne was spot on
the editing of Tyrion planting his seeds was brilliant
the note from theon gave him the initial sympathy I was surprised the books never conveyed to me...
my only complaint, though I understand why it had to be excluded, was arya getting some kills, yelling winterfell, and then the classic "hot pie!" response... perhaps later on they will work it in...
884	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-16	8.5/10 by far my favorite episode of the season. I voted for 9/10 as it is closer to that than 8 for me.
Mostly for these:
Theon Greyjoy scenes
Yoren and Arya scenes
Tyrion scenes (other than his scene with Shae)
Most of the rest was not bad, there were somewhat good scenes too, but the above are my highlights, and pretty great.
Shae's scenes are my least favorite.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 16 April 2012 - 08:41 AM.
885	Greyjoy67	2012-04-16	9, whereas ep1 and 2 were 8. 
The increase in action is appreciated, because it helps move the episodes along. There was so many memorable scenes in that one - The Tyrion games, Bran being told magic doesn't exist (foreshadowing shiii), Theon going ape, Margaery being hot... , Renly and Catalyn's conversation and Brienne's stuff, and of course a terrific closing scene. I love the way they had Yoren and Arya's dialogue and then quickly cut away to his death.
886	NW Deserter	2012-04-16	Things I absolutely loved that started my grade at a 10:-Bran's wolf dreams are being handled excellently. I'm actually seeing how they don't need the Reeds this season, Maester Luwin (and probably Osha later) is a great exposition tool. Hodor greeting us from Summer's perspective was so fucking cool.-Everything Theon-related was amazing. I agree with most of you when I say that my favorite TV-series change was the note-burning scene, I can't get over how beautiful that was. Looking forward to more Theon and Balon, and I don't really even mind Yara that much.-Tyrion is the star of the second book to me, and that's coming across on-screen. The editing of the council manipulation was brilliant, his arrest of Pycelle was straight from the books (I grinned like a fanboy when he said the goats line), and the conversation with Varys was an Emmy-worthy scene (plus Conleth Hill continues to amaze).-Also loved all the supporting cast in KL this week - Cersei breaking down, LF getting pissed (finally some solid characterization of him), Varys' riddle (got chills), Pycelle being a whimpering stoat, helping us care about Tommen & Myrcella finally, and even Sansa's plight. Only real exception was Shae (I'll mention later).-Renly stuff was handled perfectly IMO. Would've liked more Cat/Renly conversation but I think that's next week. I thought the Loras/Renly/Margaery triangle was played excellently, and what I loved about it was that it all makes sense in the context of the plot, we just don't really see it at all in the book. Oh and Brienne was straight from the books.-Just like last week, Yoren edges out Tyrion for Badass of the Week. I love love LOVE how they give Arya's prayer motivation to Yoren, that story was chilling and badass. And his Boromir-style death was awesome too. Looking forward to more of Arya's stuff.-------------------Now, things that took away some points:-1: Night's Watch stuff just kinda bored me. This really can't be helped at this point cause GRRM didn't give them much to do for a large part of the book, but still, the "climax" of last week ended up being anti-climactic - they were going to leave soon anyway, and Craster didn't even really seem that pissed given the circumstances. Sam moment was cute but it didn't serve much of a purpose, it was obvious that he was crushing on Gilly last week.-0.5: This is a broken record on this thread by now but Shae just gets on my nerves on the show. I liked the Sansa/Shae scene for the Sansa characterization but I feel like they've been building Shae to be a lot smarter than in the books, and yet she just stands there like an idiot and gives an attitude to Sansa. She's not a hugely important character and always has others around her that are more interesting so I only took off half a point.Oh, and then +0.5 for Natalie Dormer. So effing hot, you have to be really gay to turn that down. Like, Renly-level gay. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Solid 9, best episode of the season probably and definitely in the top 5 episodes of the whole series so far. A lot of good from-the-book dialogue.
887	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-16	Gave it a solid 9.  Nothing was filler.  Loved it all.  Even the Renly/Loras scene.  A bit over-the-top but it was good and added to the plot.  Sooooo looking forward to Arya in Harrenhall and Davos and Melissandra in the boat.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
888	Chelly	2012-04-16	9/10 This episode was really good for me.
Love:
All the Theon stuff
Balon and Yara
Arya and Yoren
Tyrion and Cersei
Brienne!!!
Cat telling Loras off
Tommen being a sweetie pie!
The only thing I didn't really feel was the Sansa and Shae scene, but it was so small.
889	The Greenseer	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9. My complaints:
Really can't stand the Shae portrayal, I dont remember her being so annoying in the book, way to much time dedicated to her too.
I agree that Theon should have been drowned, that would make for good TV.
Finally I hear the word 'Hodor' and it wasn't even him saying it, WTF? Hodor needs to say 'Hodor' on the reg!
The whole Renly Loras thing and sexuality in general is really being overplayed. Have to admit to cringing a bit, maybe thats the goal, to push comfort boundaries.  
But hey sex sells....
890	Reposado	2012-04-16	Easily best of the season. for all of the reasons that have been mentioned. The scene which cuts the three tyrion conversations was fantastic.
The one things that show the limitations of the project is that the running jokes are undercut by the fact that they are no longer running. Tyrion telling shagga to cut off pycelles manhood and feed it to the goats isn;t funny if we haven't heard shagga say it more than once. Lommy yielding is only funny if he keeps yielding, even in ridiculous situations.
891	Lord Yarwyck	2012-04-16	I like Shae, and I liked the Renly/Loras added bits.  
I'll give this one a 9.
892	ServantOnIce	2012-04-16	Homerun! Best Episode of the season by far and one of the best Episodes ever . ..  probably in my top 3 along with Baelor and The Pointy End.
893	ServantOnIce	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9. My complaints:Really can't stand the Shae portrayal, I dont remember her being so annoying in the book, way to much time dedicated to her too.I agree that Theon should have been drowned, that would make for good TV.Finally I hear the word 'Hodor' and it wasn't even him saying it, WTF? Hodor needs to say 'Hodor' on the reg!The whole Renly Loras thing and sexuality in general is really being overplayed. Have to admit to cringing a bit, maybe thats the goal, to push comfort boundaries.  But hey sex sells....At least NO ROS!!! YIPEEEEE!!   Also, I found Shae irritating in the books, the show clearly demonstrates that she is a female Bronn. That she is out for $$$$ and power while Tyrion clearly sees that in Bronn he does not see that in Shae.
894	Darth Visenya	2012-04-16	Damn I wanted to see Hot Pie fighting and shouting "Hot Pie,Hot Pie" when hes doing it.
895	The Monkey	2012-04-16	At least NO ROS!!! YIPEEEEE!!   Also, I found Shae irritating in the books, the show clearly demonstrates that she is a female Bronn. That she is out for $$$$ and power while Tyrion clearly sees that in Bronn he does not see that in Shae.I don't know. Tyrion seems to very aware of Shae's motives. He says at some point something like "you stupid dwarf, she loves your money, not your cock". But I think he chose to ignore that because she was really the only comfort he had in KL.
896	duncanthemedium	2012-04-16	Great episode!!! Loved it. Absolutely loved it. I gave it a 9 though, waiting for episode 8 (Blackwater) to wow my socks off. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
I am absolutely at peace with all the changes they made to the narrative. We must make allowances for the screen time and financial limitations a TV show must have. With what they have, they have done splendidly well.
In answer to those who didn't like the Loras/Renly/Marge scene. Well, I think with these many characters, its a matter of choice which ones you want to explore more fully in every episode. I think all this time with Loras and Renly will add up to the central role Marge has later on in KL, and all the machinations of  the Tyrells. I believe we shan't have an Olena Redwyne, but that character will be folded into Marge. We definitely see a bit of her grandma's cunning and worldliness in the scene with Renly. Absolutely loved that!
897	ace	2012-04-16	At least NO ROS!!! YIPEEEEE!!   Also, I found Shae irritating in the books, the show clearly demonstrates that she is a female Bronn. That she is out for $$$$ and power while Tyrion clearly sees that in Bronn he does not see that in Shae.Agree with that. There was just too much of her in the books. She was never an interesting or appealing character, and all the verbiage about Tyrion's cock in the books was easily as tiresome and pointless as any of the sex scenes in the show.
					
					
							Edited by ace, 16 April 2012 - 09:17 AM.
898	whiteraven77	2012-04-16	Loved it! This was the best episode of this season so far. Brienne was great and very close to how i had pictured her (aside from the blue armor /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) Tyrion was great as usual and loved the scene with Yoren and Arya. Very well done!
899	duncanthemedium	2012-04-16	Agree with that. There was just too much of her in the books. She was never an interesting or appealing character, and all the verbiage about Tyrion's cock in the books was easily as tiring and pointless as any of the sex scenes in the show.I think she is the book version of Ros. Sexplication tool. Eitherway, she reveals a lot about Tyrion's character and his constant grappling with the Tysha incident in his past life and how almost everything he does is shaded by that. Its, in a way, his focal mission in life...to find out 'where whores go?'
900	a shadow	2012-04-16	So far I really like Shae, do not know what people are complaining about.Pycelle could have been tortured some more though. Now it was just too easy for him. Also thought it would have been nice if the first "plan" to pass Tyrion's lips would have been Theon. The viewers, who did not read the books, would have been blown away /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />The only more serious downside was Loras for me. When I've stopped worrying all is not going the same as books, all got better  /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />And the last line I save forYoren. I ask for a minute of silence. What is dead might never die.Damn I wanted to see Hot Pie fighting and shouting "Hot Pie,Hot Pie" when hes doing it.That was real shame. He said "Yield" instead /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />  But, as I've said, I now just worry less /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 16 April 2012 - 09:31 AM.
901	Ser Steele	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9. -I loved the scene with Arya and Yoren, don't mind the changes at all. Yes the fight was a bit anticlimactic as far as scale goes, but Yoren's bad-assness made up for it. I know some people wish it was a bigger battle like in the books, but I think they are saving most of that cash on the Blackwater battle. -I love that I hate Shae. I didn't like her in the books and I don't like her in the show, which only made that story better in my mind. -Enjoyed how regal Renly is. They could have been a bit more coy on the homosexuality instead of hitting me over the head with it, but Margaery Tyrell is def. stepping up her game early.-I agree that Yara isn't quite filling out the boots from Asha in the books, but given she has only had like 5 minutes of screen time I'm going to hold out. Even the second time around it is hard to see Theon betray Robb. Stray thoughts:-Sansa aged like 4 years or grew 6 inches in between episodes it felt like.- Brienne FTW-AV club reviewed the episode, and the editor has not read the books. Found it very amusing that he said this about Theon in this episode, "But throwing his lot in with his father makes sense from an emotional standpoint, and that grim baptism scene (Balon looks on, not proud, but not disgusted either) just reeked of abandonment issues." There is a word in there that book readers may get  a chuckle out of.
902	episodenone	2012-04-16	Just want to chime in that i actually like Asha. Is she gorgeous?  No.  but very sexy.  And we haven't seen her out there without Balon yet -- she could be fantastic once he isnt around.  I think its a Mary su - thing -- if you loved a character in the book more than others - and they changed that character in the show - you are prone to dislike it.
I actually like her a lot -- but agree that Shae is painful at this point.  We'll never know her "new" back story imho -- so why bother?
Otherwise - I gave the episode an 8 as its hitting its stride now that the setup is set up.
And I really would give it an 11 on Margery alone.
Still - some scenes still go on too long.  That's my problem with the novels as well though.  I'd rather get 500 page books and then someday get "Unfinished Tales" and all that kinda jazz.
The good parts are great - just getting to them can be a little painful to me.
I'm still happy - -it's my fave show on TV these days -- even if all i got to watch was the opening credits while the map is "built"
Which I would buy as a decoration the moment it goes on sale.
903	episodenone	2012-04-16	I gave it a 9.-I loved the scene with Arya and Yoren, don't mind the changes at all. Yes the fight was a bit anticlimactic as far as scale goes, but Yoren's bad-assness made up for it. I know some people wish it was a bigger battle like in the books, but I think they are saving most of that cash on the Blackwater battle.-I love that I hate Shae. I didn't like her in the books and I don't like her in the show, which only made that story better in my mind.-Enjoyed how regal Renly is. They could have been a bit more coy on the homosexuality instead of hitting me over the head with it, but Margaery Tyrell is def. stepping up her game early.-I agree that Yara isn't quite filling out the boots from Asha in the books, but given she has only had like 5 minutes of screen time I'm going to hold out. Even the second time around it is hard to see Theon betray Robb.Stray thoughts:-Sansa aged like 4 years or grew 6 inches in between episodes it felt like.- Brienne FTW-AV club reviewed the episode, and the editor has not read the books. Found it very amusing that he said this about Theon in this episode, "But throwing his lot in with his father makes sense from an emotional standpoint, and that grim baptism scene (Balon looks on, not proud, but not disgusted either) just reeked of abandonment issues." There is a word in there that book readers may get  a chuckle out of.nice catch on the "word" for book readers.and i think its arya that is obviously growing too fast as opposed to sansa.  bran still looks ok to me as does tommen and myrcella.but i fear for that aging child actors thing -- always worried they'll bring in sam from diffrnt strokes when the older kids aint as cute as they used to be.
904	NW Deserter	2012-04-16	Still - some scenes still go on too long.  That's my problem with the novels as well though.  I'd rather get 500 page books and then someday get "Unfinished Tales" and all that kinda jazz.This is probably my only real issue with the TV series as a whole. We'll get scenes like Viserys/Doreah in the tub, Shae/Sansa, sociopathic Littlefinger monologues - which are all great characterization scenes, don't get me wrong, but the writers dwell on them more than they need to and then we get a 10 second battle with Yoren dying so quickly and no one helping him. I guess it's a strategy to keep the budget lower by focusing on drawn-out dialogue as an excuse to shoot less of the expensive scenes.
905	wolverine	2012-04-16	Best of the season so far for me.
906	Conchobar	2012-04-16	Everything about this episode amazed me. Except I felt awkward during the Shae/ Sansa scene.
907	a shadow	2012-04-16	-Enjoyed how regal Renly is. I'm not sure how regal he was, but the point that he knew about a hurting leg of some minor horsekeeper/smith was excellent.
908	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-16	nice catch on the "word" for book readers.and i think its arya that is obviously growing too fast as opposed to sansa.  bran still looks ok to me as does tommen and myrcella.but i fear for that aging child actors thing -- always worried they'll bring in sam from diffrnt strokes when the older kids aint as cute as they used to be.Everyone gets aged up and it fits the progression of the story.  Arya's character works fine as a teenager by book 4 and Sansa needs to be a bit older for when Joffrey strips her down, etc.If the Bran actor hits a growth spurt that might get awkward quickly though, a grown man riding Hodor won't look right.
909	TheEvilKing	2012-04-16	Everything about this episode amazed me. Except I felt awkward during the Shae/ Sansa scene.I think you were supposed to.
910	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	Not sure how people rate the eposide a 10 and still have qualms about it.  Shouldn't a 10 be a perfect epsidoe?
911	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-16	I'm loving how dark they are making the Sansa storyline (outside of the scenes in the book). Obviously, her story isn't exactly a fairytale in the books, but there are certain pivotal scenes that will be muted somewhat.
	Spoiler In the previews for next week, it appears that the Sansa strip-down scene will occur. But since the actress is only 16, the scene will not have the impact it does in the book (that's probably not true at all, of course, but still....I don't think they'll be able to show her fully nude in front of the court like in the book).
So they're adding little dark bits to her story that aren't in the book. And they have to, because Sansa's story is very, very dark.
912	Oberyn King	2012-04-16	Gave it a 9.
Tyrion as good as he always is, a perfect Brienne, a beautifull Margaery, a very stressed Sansa and epic Yoren.
I was hoping for a little more Damphair's background though.
913	NW Deserter	2012-04-16	I don't think that's the Damphair, just a random priest. He was never listed as cast.
914	Oberyn King	2012-04-16	I don't think that's the Damphair, just a random priest. He was never listed as cast.Whaaaat??  No Aeron???  One of my darkest fears has come true /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
915	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Whaaaat??  No Aeron???  One of my darkest fears has come true /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />It would be foolish to cast an actor for the role already, when his story at this point is so small. If they do, they have to keep that actor's schedule clear for several years, even though he doesn't appear, just so that he can return when his story gets bigger. It's more practical not to include him until his presence holds some value. Just like they did with Jaq'en in the last episode of season 1.
916	Thorny Issues	2012-04-16	It would be foolish to cast an actor for the role already, when his story at this point is so small. If they do, they have to keep that actor's schedule clear for several years, even though he doesn't appear, just so that he can return when his story gets bigger. It's more practical not to include him until his presence holds some value. Just like they did with Jaq'en in the last episode of season 1.Get outha here with ya logic and reason!Seriously though, for a 'random priest' that actor had excellent presence. Perhaps we'll see more of him...
917	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-16	Gave it 9. Though it had some "in between" feeling. I liked Tirion and  Margaery storylines  and Brienne was well cast and acted.
918	m_k	2012-04-16	Its perfect 10 from me. I liked everything in this episode with all the book deviation. The theon burning the letter was great. Can't wait for the next episode its shadow baby time............
919	Abaddon	2012-04-16	I give it a 9 (following an 8 and a 7.5 promoted to 8 respectively).
Was going to write a lot more, but the homophobia that is continuing to crop up in these threads is making me sad and is pretty much killing my interest in posting.  "I'm not homophobic but that was gross".  If you feel like turning away from the screen because two men are kissing, but you don't find kids being stabbed through the throat coughing up blood troubling, you're homophobic.
Oh yeah, and I still don't get Shae.  I hope they have somthing more in mind for her than the book version because otherwise I don't really see the point.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 16 April 2012 - 11:45 AM.
920	episodenone	2012-04-16	Everyone gets aged up and it fits the progression of the story.  Arya's character works fine as a teenager by book 4 and Sansa needs to be a bit older for when Joffrey strips her down, etc.If the Bran actor hits a growth spurt that might get awkward quickly though, a grown man riding Hodor won't look right.Yea - that would definitely be too funny and rough on poor hodor.  he already has his work cut out for him... a 100 pound kid is a heck of a lot easier than a 150!
921	Conchobar	2012-04-16	Exceeded my expectations, Although the scene with Lommy, I find it so, so hard to watch...
922	episodenone	2012-04-16	Who cares about the guy on guy scenes?   We've come too far to feel like we need to mention them.ESPECIALLY if you are a guy who loves the girl on girl scenes.  Just deal with it.To lighten the mood on this topic--My wife walked in during that scene -- doesn't watch the show and doesnt read the books...She stands there for a minute - then asks me how often do i truly watch gay porn?  What could I say?  I still dont know if she was serious!Eh - it was like 20 seconds of a 56 min show.  Move along.
923	Grail King	2012-04-16	Except for the male on male bonding ( do we really have to have it thrown at us) I get they are lovers from S1 and the book.
I gave it a nine, Asha,Theon, Margery, Sansa, Cersei plus Tyrion all hit the mark big, you can see the conflict that Theon was going through, and Sansa's stress with the cruel Queen talking of Robb's head maybe on a spike and later her words with Shae.
And the producers are sending out the word that Margery is a scheming little wench with Dormer's portrayal of her.
Sure looks like Sophie Turner grew up a lot.
924	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-04-16	SO much better than last week it's almost untrue. I'll go with the standard positive and negative lists.
Pros:
Tyrion as per, kudos goes to the way in which the "You can't tell" scene was filmed. Very good.
Balon and Theon. Fantastic acting, and the burning letter scene was absolutely fantastic.
Arya's scene was a very good interpretation given the assumed budgetary and temporal constraints.
General acting from Cersei in the scene where Tyrion reveals his plans for Myrcella.
Brienne seems well cast.
Cons:
The Night's Watch scene made Craster knocking Jon out rather pointless really. Jon could have just mentioned it to Mormont as they left IMO.
Asha is a petulant child with all the allure and attitude of a damp rag. Sorry, I just really do not like this piece of casting.
I'm rather indifferent on the whole Renly/Loras thing. I don't think it needs to be as fleshed out, but I also think it served us with establishing Margaery's intelligence now rather than later.
All in all, a strong 8.5
925	Incesticide	2012-04-16	Gave it an 8. It was a vast improvement over episode 2 which very much almost made me walk away from the series altogether. It was also an excellent example of how veering away from the books can be a good thing when used wisely. Theon's scenes were particularly choice, and if I had to single out one scene it would have to be the "letter burning" one - probably one of the most poignant moments of both seasons. Arya's conversation with Yoren was also deftly done despite it not being in the books. Unlike episode 2, I felt that the racy guy on guy scene was actually well made, and was important in terms of moving the plot - Margaery was amazing in her role. Tyrion was obviously great, as always - especially the scene with Cersei. Incidentally I've always thought that Lena Headey plays the role of an increasingly paranoid queen regent to perfection.  Unfortunately, I'm still not quite convinced by Sophie Turners portrayal of Sansa. The impression I got from the books was that Sansa was excellent at masking her feelings and was the epitome of politeness despite her internal dialogue. Mind you, her performance in this episode was much much better than in the first episode.
926	Lady Meera Reed	2012-04-16	Gave it a 9. Best season 2 episode by far.
927	IronSuitor	2012-04-16	This is a show in which a woman gets full frontal naked in nearly every episode. You are insane if you think that two dudes making out a bit in a scene that advances the plot is a reason to complain.
The actors who play Loras and Renly (both of whom I hated in the first season) are actually doing a much better job, IMO. Also I'm glad they're fleshing out Margaery earlier. They need a good actress for the part, and no decent actress would sit around for two seasons doing essentially nothing.
928	ServantOnIce	2012-04-16	"I'm not homophobic but that was gross".  If you feel like turning away from the screen because two men are kissing, but you don't find kids being stabbed through the throat coughing up blood troubling, you're homophobic.That's not an accurate statement. Many folks in the past few weeks have complained about the needless "T and A" of the series especially in the Ros scenes, now they complain about see two men get it on and they are homophobic?Come'on Son!  Get outta here with that mess son!   There are many "straight" folks who don't like seeing fake sex or fake kissy kissy on screen. Doesn't mean they are heterophobic.Yessh,
929	ServantOnIce	2012-04-16	Gave that sucka a 10.- Sam's scene with Gilly was a bit cheesey.I gave it a 10 as well. Television can't get much better than that. I disagree though I love what they are doing with Samwell and Gilly.  The producers showed the attraction right away . .  and show them laying a base for their relationship something that was mentioned in the books but most folks "glossed" over.   They hit a grand slam with that episode . . finally felt like an epic.
930	Lanny92	2012-04-16	Best episode in season 2 so far. Everyone acted so well, especially Peter as Tyrion. I missed Dany, but I;m sure we'll see more of her next week.
931	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	Absolutely flawless, the best episode so far in either season following the worst (IMO). All the acting was top notch. Sophie nearly broke my heart- I also think Sansa was not being (very) bitchy having a go at Shae. Not only was she really upset and feeling trapped for good reason, but in any circumstances having someone clearly not experienced/trained in the job who gives a bit of attitude turning up uninvited as a Maid in Waiting would be justification for some annoyance. Love the Welsh accents of the Lannister kids. LF's accent has changed- he's putting more of his natural brogue into it. I assume it's deliberate, reminding us he is from the Vale and not as high-born as Cersei/Tyrion etc as well.
Alfie masters Theon. I don't like Shae, but that's the character not the actress. Jon is spoilt. Arya is amazing. Every change this episode added a significant amount of value and I loved it. Also, Renly is more like the real Renly, and Marge is played very well, and is smoking hot. Some wry nods to fan theories there as well.
932	Abaddon	2012-04-16	That's not an accurate statement. Many folks in the past few weeks have complained about the needless "T and A" of the series especially in the Ros scenes, now they complain about see two men get it on and they are homophobic?Oh, of course you're right, look at all of the complaints in this very thread about the needless Margary/Renly sex sceen that was so gratuitous, definitely NOT in the book, and far more explicit than the Loras/Renly sex sce-Oh, right, there weren't any complaints about that.  At all.  And it happened in this very episode.I don't want to derail the thread, but you're full of it.
933	IronSuitor	2012-04-16	Renly is more like the real RenlyAgreed, a lot of the actors that I had written off last season are proving me wrong. Both Loras and Renly are becoming much more believable in their roles, and Alfie Allen was amazing.
934	Dornish Hen	2012-04-16	Ok, ok.  While I hear and understand the complaints about Yara, I'm starting to warm up to her.  I'm telling myself that the the Iron Islands are a cold, hard, and miserable place.  Maybe the writers on the show didn't want to show the sassy, playful Asha, but wanted to keep Yara as cold, hard, and miserable like everyone else on the Islands. I don't know the reason why they would rewrite her, but I'm trying to accept her as a different character.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
935	lokisnow	2012-04-16	I give it a 9 because the fire under Jaquen's cage seemed pretty lackluster and I'm not so sure about Asha just yet.
936	Tadco26	2012-04-16	Gave it a 7, much better than last week's which was my least favorite overall.Likes:Tyrion's tests, and confrontations with Varys, Littlefinger, and Pycelle.  Cersei and Tyrion.Brienne and the Renly story line thise episode in general.  I know some really disliked the sexual part, but honestly I thought it felt the most natural and least "sexpostion" like so far.  Not that I ever want to watch men make out, but at least the conversations felt natural and were plot related.  Brienne looks perfect, and though she seems a bit over confident, I will reserve judgement there.Yoren was good, though I am not totally a fan of his last scene.  More details below.Theon was great.Bran's wolf dreams were nicely done.  Something that could easily be handled terribly, but we see thru Summer's eyes as the wolf jumps on the bed and wakes Bran.Dislikes:Yara hasn't lived up to expectations so far.  Still early, but she just seems sullen and angry so far, none of the bravado of the book version who is completely at home with the men she has fought with.  Perhaps the problem is that they haven't given her any other Iron Born besides her father and Theon to interact with.Shae.  Of all the TV characters, she is the furthest from the book version, and frankly it is hard to imagine why Tyrion would be attached to her.  I think Ros, for all her flaws as a character who gets too much screen time in proportion to her importance, much better fits the book version of Shae.  Book Shae was sweet and flirtatious to the extreme and always wanted to be with Tyrion, but the TV version is a bitch more often than not, and there is no chemistry, or sweetness for us to think Tyrion would risk everything for her, instead of just finding any other whore in King's Landing.It's hard to believe that Amory Lorch would be specifically looking for Gendry by name and know about his helm, but wouldn't know that all of Robert's bastards have dark hair.  Meaning that the blond Lommy could not possibly be Gendry.Beyond that I thought Yoren was a bit suicidal attacking all those Lannisters alone, and not having Arya, Gendry, Hot Pie and Lommy escape was a bit disappointing.  I can understand the compression, and it isn't a huge negative to me, but I can't call it perfect either.  It was at best acceptable, due to budget restrictions.Not sure I like the implication that Littlefinger is going to be the one that convinces Catelyn to release Jaime Lannister.  It's a bit of a reach to think that Tyrion would even know Catelyn was visiting Renly so quickly, much less get that information, and have time for Littlefinger to travel there before Catelyn leaves again.With such limited screen time for Sansa, I'm not convinced being catty with Shae was a good choice.  If there was 12-14 episodes for this season it would be trivial, but the length of that scene was equivalent to the amount of time spent on 1-2 chapters worth of events for other characters.Other thoughts:  I'm really curious as to what role Ros is supposed to fill now?  At the start of the season there was much speculation on her replacing Chataya and/or Alayaya, but they appear to be skipping over the whole Tyrion sneaking out to see Shae story line, making both of those characters unnecessary anyway.  The show still has some really great moments, but 10 episodes really is leaving a lot of the story line on the cutting floor and gives the feeling of watching a "cliff notes" version of the real story with some questionable changes thrown in for good measure.  I don't hate it by any means, but I don't love it as much as I would like to.
937	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	How was Sansa even being catty with Shae? No way any character, especially a noble, would have accepted her incompetence and lack of courtesy. Sansa wasn't horrible enough if anything, even without allowing for the horrible situation she is in and the conversation she has just been in
938	The Monkey	2012-04-16	I think Sophie Turner is brilliant, as all the child actors are, but I can't help to think that her acting in the next 2-3 seasons will be very boring to watch, as pretty much Sansa's only state of mind is one of concealed fear and depression.
939	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-16	And painfully dashed hope. Can't wait to see that
940	Songlian	2012-04-16	9/10.
Sansa and Theon were exceptional. Amazing episode.
941	Tadco26	2012-04-16	How was Sansa even being catty with Shae? No way any character, especially a noble, would have accepted her incompetence and lack of courtesy. Sansa wasn't horrible enough if anything, even without allowing for the horrible situation she is in and the conversation she has just been inI'm not saying the cattiness wasn't warranted, I'm saying the whole scene was really long and didn't match up with any exchange Sansa had with her hand maids in the book, much like her attitude towards Septa Mordane was out of character in season 1.  For a scene that covered as much screen time as has been spent on 1-2 chapters of content for other characters it seemed unnecessary. There is also no reason to think that Shae was completely clueless as to what a hand maiden does when she did the job for Lolly or later Sansa.  At the very least Varys or Tyrion (who ever got her the job in the TV version), would have given her a basic description of what her job duties were.  If screen time was unlimited it wouldn't bother me much, but with so much content cut, it is disappointing that this made up scene took so much time and contributed so little to the story.
942	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-16	The best episode so far, mind you we only have two others to go on, but otherwise very nicely done, especially with the switch of Tyrion to Pycelle to Varys to Littlefinger scenes. In adition Brienne of Tarth is amazing, her towering presence is just like the books described her. Now some say she is still not as ugly as she should be; but recall that her brudish ways and gangly appearance also play into people looking at her as an 'un-Beauty'.
943	J_Crews	2012-04-16	Finally I hear the word 'Hodor' and it wasn't even him saying it, WTF? Hodor needs to say 'Hodor' on the reg!He said "Hodor" himself as Summer/Bran approached him during the Wolf Dream.
944	J_Crews	2012-04-16	double-post deleted.  sorry.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 16 April 2012 - 03:20 PM.
945	J_Crews	2012-04-16	Not sure how people rate the eposide a 10 and still have qualms about it.  Shouldn't a 10 be a perfect epsidoe?I rated it a 10 because I can't name a single thing wrong with it that the producers could've fixed.  It was, literally, 100% of what it could have been under time- and budget-restraints.  I don't see how anyone could ask for more without opening their own wallet to pay for it; even the deviations were handled flawlessly and added to the character narrative.
946	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-16	Other thoughts:  I'm really curious as to what role Ros is supposed to fill now?  At the start of the season there was much speculation on her replacing Chataya and/or Alayaya, but they appear to be skipping over the whole Tyrion sneaking out to see Shae story line, making both of those characters unnecessary anyway.  The show still has some really great moments, but 10 episodes really is leaving a lot of the story line on the cutting floor and gives the feeling of watching a "cliff notes" version of the real story with some questionable changes thrown in for good measure.  I don't hate it by any means, but I don't love it as much as I would like to.There's a strong chance that Tyrion's passing plot in CoK to "make Joffrey a man" is going to be realized. There's a scene in one of the trailers where Joff is brutalizing a scantily-clad Ros, so...
947	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-16	There's a strong chance that Tyrion's passing plot in CoK to "make Joffrey a man" is going to be realized. There's a scene in one of the trailers where Joff is brutalizing a scantily-clad Ros, so...Interesting! Which trailer is that? Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think I notice that before.
948	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-16	Interesting! Which trailer is that? Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think I notice that before.It's a blink-and-you'll-miss-it shot in "The More You Love," here: http://i.imgur.com/7wbpH.jpgNot great quality, but you can make the figures out. I can't think of any other reason Joffrey would meet (and have cause to play rough with) Ros the prostitute.
949	Abifer	2012-04-16	Loved it, I can't quite decide what my favourite part was whether it was Tyrion's trickery, Arya, Gendry and Yoren, Theon's daddy issues or when Margaery offered to get Loras to help with her and Renly!  Really like how they've adapted it from the book as well so non-book friends could really appreciate what was going on.
950	The Monkey	2012-04-16	It's a blink-and-you'll-miss-it shot in "The More You Love," here: http://i.imgur.com/7wbpH.jpgNot great quality, but you can make the figures out. I can't think of any other reason Joffrey would meet (and have cause to play rough with) Ros the prostitute.Oooh, they are gonna explore Joffrey's sexual life now? Was it ever established if he died a virgin in the books? It's not necessarily a bad change from the books, but perhaps it would be best to save the creepy sexual stuff for the Bastard of Bolton?
951	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-16	Oooh, they are gonna explore Joffrey's sexual life now? Was it ever established if he died a virgin in the books? It's not necessarily a bad change from the books, but perhaps it would be best to save the creepy sexual stuff for the Bastard of Bolton?Hes a bit younger in the books so I think the most action he gets is having Sansa stripped by the kingsgaurd.  I don't recall if they say he was a virgin but we can assume so.
952	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-16	Also if i had to nitpick "Loras" should have learned to pronounce his own last name properly.I waited until I'd seen the episode, but knew I'd have a nitpick with this comment, Oberyn. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I had a suspicion that Finn would be pronouncing Tyrell correctly - and I was right.  Tyrell is an English surname with a long, long history, and in this country has always been pronounced 'Tirrel' (think of Maclaren-Tyrell Formula One etc).  Whilst I can just about put up with 'Ti-rell' I absolutely cringe to hear 'Tye-rell'. But at the end of the day - what does it matter?  We just love these little nits, but this episode was outstanding for me.  And I didn't mind the Renly-Loras scene at all - in fact, not to put too fine a point on it, I found it one of the more convincing 'lust' scenes we've had in the entire two series.I don't quite know where to start with the praise.  I just found the whole episode mesmerising and give it a 9.  The one is knocked off for my personal bete-noire - Aidan Gillen, who never manages to convince me in anything, I'm afraid, and although he did well in the Ros scene last week, he was back to his old monotone self tonight.But nothing could have ruined tonight for me.  Brienne's introduction was wonderful and I think Gwen Christie is a superb addition to the show.  Natalie Dormer bugged me a wee bit at the tourney, but made up for it in the pavilion.  Nothing further needs to be said about Tyrion and his three-way dupe, and that scene was beautifully edited to cut through so many pages of the book.  I do sometimes think we should trust the producers more with our beloved books.  They have an awful lot of material to adapt and they're doing a terrific job of conveying the vital essence of the storylines.  Sansa, at long last is finding some inner strength to compensate for losing Lady.  And the final scenes with Yoren/Arya were sublime.  Had to reach for a tissue.....A shout out to Alfie Allen who almost made me feel sorry for Theon Greyjoy in this episode (that takes some doing!).  I like the way they're doing the Ironborn story - it was my personal snoozefest in the books, but I'm actually transfixed by what the show has done here.Some people have had an issue with Yara/Asha.  I'd like to stick my neck out here and say she is exactly how I saw her in the book.  I really never connected with Asha, and found her an unsympathetic, boastful bitch.  I got to a stage where I skimmed her chapters. But this is what's so wonderful about these books, this show, and this forum here.  As readers we all have different perceptions of the characters, and how they have transformed to screen in the hands of the show's writers and producers.  That is the biggest compliment I can pay to George's work, because he engages a wide range of readers who all take something personal and special away with them after reading.  I think the show is doing the same service.
953	salt	2012-04-16	This is Westeros, not England.  The only "correct" pronunciation is the one intended by GRRM who created this imaginary family, and I'm fairly certain I've never heard him pronounce it 'Tirrel' as show Loras does.  Ti-rell or Tye-rell is almost certainly the way to go.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 16 April 2012 - 06:41 PM.
954	MegasAV	2012-04-16	Agree with much that's been said already I rated the episode a solid 8, loved the Theon, Balon, Yara scene with Theon bringing up the fact that his father lost his rebellion against Robert, which led to his being taken hostage, and Theon recieving a wicked backhand for this comment. 
I also loved how they incorporated Arya's list, and the story which Yoren gave which gave her the idea.  The only character that I am not at all a fan of the changes they made is with Shae, the aggressive manner in which she speaks to Tyrion, and also the attitude which she gave Sansa, makes no sense at all given her position.  I have to believe there going to have a major twist with her character to explain this away IMHO.
955	BastardOfWinterfell	2012-04-16	The scene with Yoren and Arya was talmost tender.  I liked how they sped up their getting caught and captured, and Lommy's death and being named as the corpse of Gendry worked for me.I don't know, I really liked the Arya story after Yoren dies but before they get captured... I think it helped portray some of her growth and leadership, as well as add to the theme her plotline has of escape and being recaptured... as one of my favorite plotlines I'd rather they not tinker with it if they can help it /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
956	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	That is the biggest compliment I can pay to George's work, because he engages a wide range of readers who all take something personal and special away with them after reading.  I think the show is doing the same service.The book engages a wide variety of readers while the show enrages a wide variety of readers /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
957	Robb_	2012-04-16	10/10, one of the best episodes of the show so far
958	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-16	The book engages a wide variety of readers while the show enrages a wide variety of readers /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
959	WinterWarrior	2012-04-16	I gave it a 10, I think its the best episode thus far this season. I loved Brienne and thought the more worldly Margaery was great. Her character in the HBO series makes her actions in the books more believeable.
The girl who plays Sansa (can't remember her name) is really beautiful and is a perfect Sansa. I don't like Shae but maybe its because I know what she will do to Tyrion down the road. I really do not like that character. The Theon scenes were great but I am surprised they are giving him this much airtime considering the fact that he disappears for a number of books...how will they explain that away next season when there is no Theon? And Asha is not how I picture her, she is a bitch instead of a likable woman warrior.
Where are Meera and Jojen? I miss them, they should be around by now.....
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 16 April 2012 - 08:20 PM.
960	rumple9	2012-04-16	I wasn't that keen on this episode in fact I think it was the worst of the 2 series - I gave it a 7. However so many people have given it a 10 I'm going to watch it again. I really don't like Shae. Brienne was good but I still think Lucy Lawless should have been cast in this role.
Tyrion's scenes were excellent as always but I also liked Margery. The way Tyrion's deception wa portrayed wa sheer excellence. For me the best acting was from Michelle Fairey (Catelyn).
It seems they placed an awful lot from the book into this one epsiode which is a a good thing as it makes it reasonably fast paced. You have to admit to some extent these books are hard to follow and the way it has been adapted to tv hass hed a new light on the story for me. Bernoff & Weiss have done a fantastic job.
					
					
							Edited by rumple9, 16 April 2012 - 08:47 PM.
961	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-16	Straight-up goodness, with only minor nitpicks. This episode earned an eight. Finally, into things with some momentum!Hat tip to Margaery Tyrell, who may not attract the attention of the King, but she sure had me looking!Brienne is perfection itself. She looks like an ogre. Amazing.In fact, I'd say it was the ladies who stole the whole show!One beef--Hot Pie actually fought in the book /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But they did a good job of telescoping Lommy's demise. I had hoped they'd keep that in there, and they sent him up with justice while plausibly keeping Gendry alive.
962	Leto Atreides	2012-04-16	I give it a 6.
The scene at Craster felt like a waste of time.
I thought all the scenes with Renly were a bit off. Especially Loras acting like a whiny bitch when Cat arrived. Where the hell did that come from? I never pictured Loras like that.
Shae was just really annoying, I can't believe we'll have to suffer more epsiodes of that.
I still don't like Asha. Sorry.
Why was Shagga replaced by some random bearded guy with an axe?
The scene with Arya, Gendry and Yoren felt so rushed. Is it me or the Lannister soldiers said they came from King's landing to bring back Gendry and then at the end they are suddenly heading for Harrenhal? I was looking forward the exchange between Yoren and the Lannisters, too bad they completely cut that out.
					
					
							Edited by Leto Atreides, 16 April 2012 - 09:45 PM.
963	redriver	2012-04-17	Don't know why but the scene where Sansa is reflected in a misty mirror got me,,,
......and I still hate Shae.What was Tyrion thinking of?
964	The Monkey	2012-04-17	The scene with Arya, Gendry and Yoren felt so rushed. Is it me or the Lannister soldiers said they came from King's landing to bring back Gendry and then at the end they are suddenly heading for Harrenhal? I was looking forward the exchange between Yoren and the Lannisters, too bad they completely cut that out.No, they were Tywin's soldiers, who had been asked by the Queen to find Gendry, presumably because he was out of reach from the City Watch. I thought they had just planned to kill Gendry on the spot (like they did with the other bastards), and then move on to Harrenhell. No need to bring him all the way to King's Landing.
965	redriver	2012-04-17	Oooh, they are gonna explore Joffrey's sexual life now? Was it ever established if he died a virgin in the books? It's not necessarily a bad change from the books, but perhaps it would be best to save the creepy sexual stuff for the Bastard of Bolton?It's in the books.Sorry bud.
966	DemiNymph	2012-04-17	Rated this episode as one of the very few 10s that I have ever given out.
Same as some posters, the Yara actress isn't doing it for me. It's the body language.
967	The Monkey	2012-04-17	It's in the books.Sorry bud.The sadistic part, certainly, but we never see how his sexual life would play out (although I'm guessing he wouldn't make it to a list of "top 100 lovers of all time").I wanna point out that I'm not complaining at the change, they could pull it off very well (and probably will, knowing Jack Gleeson's talents), just saying that it is indeed a derivation from the novels.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 17 April 2012 - 06:37 AM.
968	Racibor	2012-04-17	After great first season, first two episodes of season two were rather poor but this one really rejuvenated the series. Awesome episode with many great scenes: Yoren, Theon/Balon confrontation, Theon's letter and "baptism", Tyrion's scheming, Margaery/Renly. Deviations from the books this time were actually made well, no silly Ros stuff. Only major issue I have is Shea character which is written and acted horribly here.
Hopefully rest of the series will be more like this episode and not on the level of the first two.
969	Blisscraft	2012-04-17	I agree with the many above that this third episode is the best so far.  It had a different director than the first two episodes and that seemed to make a big difference.  The Tyrion traitor triptych--- amazingly well crafted.  Also, the Yoren/Arya "how do you sleep?" scene was beautifully lit. 
Hope we get to enjoy more of this director's work on the show.
970	Ser Plissken	2012-04-17	Loved it.  The scenes in Pyke were excellent, and Theon burning his letter to Robb (knowing what is to come) nearly broke my heart.
Gwendoline Christie as Brienne was brilliant.  Is she that big in RL, or did they employ the same SFX as used for the direwolves?
Is anyone else underwhelmed by Aidan Gillen's portrayal of Littlefinger?  He seems to be struggling somewhat, his accent changing from week to week.  Whenever he appears, his performance jars me out of the story.  Which is strange, since everything else I've seen him in, he's been magnificent.
971	TyrionFan57	2012-04-17	I thought all the scenes with Renly were a bit off. Especially Loras acting like a whiny bitch when Cat arrived. Where the hell did that come from? I never pictured Loras like that. I think he was just pissed off because he had just been defeated (by a woman, no less) and probably had to take it out on somebody.
972	Tadco26	2012-04-17	The sadistic part, certainly, but we never see how his sexual life would play out (although I'm guessing he wouldn't make it to a list of "top 100 lovers of all time").I wanna point out that I'm not complaining at the change, they could pull it off very well (and probably will, knowing Jack Gleeson's talents), just saying that it is indeed a derivation from the novels.Personally I think completely original scenes should focus on giving information that is internal monologue in the books or giving information from scenes that are just too expensive to film on a TV show.  Give the watcher information that the book reader gets because he knows the PoV character's thoughts.  Adding scenes of Joffrey's sex life doesn't really do that.  We already know that he is a monster, and we don't need to invent new scenes to make that apparent.  Now if there was unlimited screen time then this would be trivial, but the fact is that they often cover a chapter or more of content in several minutes, so screen time is at a premium.  There are so many awesome scenes to pick from that are already written in the book, that are left out due to lack of time, that it becomes disappointing when they write their own scene that does not remotely reflect anything that happened in the book.  The original scene may be, on it's own merits, acted and directed fine, but it really needs to be better than scenes they cut from the book for me to consider it a great addition.  Or it needs to give the viewer important information that the book reader got thru other means.  Unfortunately quite a few of the original scenes directly contradict the information that the book reader gets.
973	Tadco26	2012-04-17	Is anyone else underwhelmed by Aidan Gillen's portrayal of Littlefinger?  He seems to be struggling somewhat, his accent changing from week to week.  Whenever he appears, his performance jars me out of the story.  Which is strange, since everything else I've seen him in, he's been magnificent.I think it is the writing more than his acting.  They have made him a blunt, micro-managing pimp rather than a subtle threat and master mind behind the scenes.  Likewise with Shae, I don't think it is the actress' fault so much as the writing.  NO actress can "act" like she is loving towards Tyrion or seductive if the majority of her lines are her complaining, attacking him for some imagined wrong, or otherwise acting like a bitch.To me Littlefinger should have been written much like Ben Linus in LOST when we first meet him, or Verbal Kint in The Usual Suspects.  While certainly suspicious, at worst they appear to be minor pawns of the real players.  Only much later do we realize 
	Spoiler he is really the leader of the Others/Keyser SA¶ze
.  The TV version of Littlefinger however appears to spend most of his time personally micro-managing his brothel and losing all of the art of subtlety.  Not the actor's fault though.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 17 April 2012 - 09:53 AM.
974	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-17	Gwendoline Christie as Brienne was brilliant.  Is she that big in RL, or did they employ the same SFX as used for the direwolves?No, there was no composition used, just a bit of forced perspective. Ms Christie is 6â<U+0080>23â<U+0080>3, and probably a couple of more inches in armour.  For comparison, Stephen Fry is 6â<U+0080>25â<U+0080>3. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how tall Michelle Fairley is, but when you see her with Richard Madden, you can see that the lad is taller than she is. So Christie is likely much taller than Fairley.
975	Ser Plissken	2012-04-17	...Likewise with Shae, I don't think it is the actress' fault so much as the writing.  NO actress can "act" like she is loving towards Tyrion or seductive if the majority of her lines are her complaining, attacking him for some imagined wrong, or otherwise acting like a bitch.I think the writers are trying too hard to show us that This Woman Cannot Be Trusted.It's very easy to imagine TV Shae 
	Spoiler  betraying Tyrion in the way she did, whereas in the book she was kinda sweet, making the events of Tyrion's trial all the more shocking. 
.
976	Tadco26	2012-04-17	I think the writers are trying too hard to show us that This Woman Cannot Be Trusted.It's very easy to imagine TV Shae 
	Spoiler  betraying Tyrion in the way she did, whereas in the book she was kinda sweet, making the events of Tyrion's trial all the more shocking. 
.Exactly, and the problem I have with this is why would Tyrion feel any need to keep her around in the first place?  Ros is much more like book Shae.  They just haven't convinced me that there is any reason Tyrion would want Shae around for anything other than sex, which he could get from any other whore in King's Landing without the trouble. In fact if they had made the actress who plays Ros, be Shae from the start up in Winterfell it would have been a big change from the book, but it would have been more believeable that Tyrion would have fallen for her considering their chemistry seemed better.  Then have the Shae actress play the foreign high dollar whore from Littlefinger's brothel, and both characters might have been improved.
977	lightbringer333	2012-04-17	it was good. lot of serous talking between theon and balon.
978	PoorLollys	2012-04-17	I think some people may be missing the point with Shae, imho....we're not supposed to like her.
And we have to put the books, while certainly important, on the shelf for this discussion.
She's a whore - greedy, self-interested and manipulative - who may have taken more away from Tyrion's confession about Tysha in season one than we did. We sympathize with Tyrion, she's sees weakness that can be exploited for gold.
We know her future from the books, so I don't see her character being that far from the "essence" of what's printed on the page. They have less time to work with, character building must be economic, showing the audience who these people are because we may not see them again for three episodes.
I admit, the accent is cumbersome, but you have season four to look forward to.
Loved the epsiode. A solid 8. With what i know is coming, numbers 9 and 10 aren't going to be given away so early in the season.
979	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-04-17	I really loved how they handled everything in this episode save Shae who is progressively getting closer to my last nerve.I gave this one a 9 only because there is room for improvement. 
	Spoiler I really think they should've waited to make Shae Sansa's hand maiden after the riot in KL and I think Shae shouldn't be so outwardly conniving. 
 The hole Theon story arc is being handled extremely well and I can't wait to see his fate play out further. I think Ayra's story is being handled rather deftly as well. I really don't mind that her chapters are being condensed the way they are it all makes perfect sense how they've left out unnecessary settings in order to save time and no doubt money. 
I love the woman they got to play Brienne she's not all cartoon ugly like GRRM had me picturing her.I also like the girl they have playing Margaery, I think the writers have done a great job showing how calculating she can be something that will be very important later on. I agree with a lot of people on this thread about Renly, he's way too subdued, but 
	Spoiler He shouldn't be around too much longer so no use crying about him.
 I'm glad we got a break from Dany's story, her part I feel doesn't get to be real interesting until the end of ACOK. I'm intensely happy there was no Ros scene in this episode, I think this will be a continuing trend as things start to get more serious. 
 Tyrion's scenes continue to achieve greatness worthy of the character every one loves in the books. The way he ferrets out the person he can't trust in the council was brilliantly done and easily my favorite part of the episode, second only to Yoren's death scene. I feel like the show is finally getting back on track especially after the last two episodes which were less than stellar. I like how the whole Craster cliffhanger was wrapped up very quickly. I still don't understand why it had to happen, my only conclusion was that the writers wanted to give The Night's Watch a reason to leave with haste ( as if you'd need a reason to leave Craster's in the first place). Personally I'd rather fight the others than stay with that asshole for any amount of time.
980	GreatDave_Umber	2012-04-17	Loved the episode but marked it a 9 simply as sad there was no Weasel character. (also, am i right that so far in the tv series there has been no mention of Edric Storm or Shireen Baratheon or Patchface)
981	Lyana	2012-04-17	This episode was top-notch!
I can't complain about a single scene.
Gave it a 9 though, 'cause I'm saving the 10 for the Battle of Blackwater /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I've noticed that is the first episode from the second season, which isn't directed by Alan Taylor.
I have the feeling, that the first two episodes were more about the appearance of the show, than the actual content (for example the wide shots of the desert and the North and the approaching of Grey Wind towards Jaime in espisode 1). Everything was beautifully directed and every scene was carefully arranged. But the actual meaning was kind of torn by the various plots.
However in the third episode, we see no significant director skills, but here is no distraction from the content. There aren't so many plots, the story is easy to follow and there are no unnecessary scenes.
I personally love the approaches of both directors simply, because at the beginning of the season I was pleased to see some cinematographic scenes of very high quality, but now it is time for the story to move forward and I think everything works for the best so far.
982	J_Crews	2012-04-17	Brienne was good but I still think Lucy Lawless should have been cast in this role.Far too attractive and far, far too old.
983	Hyper	2012-04-17	Not to mention too short. Lucy Lawless is not a tall woman. I can only imagine the outcry if she had been cast...
984	J_Crews	2012-04-17	Not to mention too short. Lucy Lawless is not a tall woman. I can only imagine the outcry if she had been cast...It would've been a mummer's farce, fo' realz.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
985	SerBarristan	2012-04-17	This episode was top-notch!I can't complain about a single scene.Gave it a 9 though, 'cause I'm saving the 10 for the Battle of Blackwater /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I've noticed that is the first episode from the second season, which isn't directed by Alan Taylor.I have the feeling, that the first two episodes were more about the appearance of the show, than the actual content (for example the wide shots of the desert and the North and the approaching of Grey Wind towards Jaime in espisode 1). Everything was beautifully directed and every scene was carefully arranged. But the actual meaning was kind of torn by the various plots.However in the third episode, we see no significant director skills, but here is no distraction from the content. There aren't so many plots, the story is easy to follow and there are no unnecessary scenes.I personally love the approaches of both directors simply, because at the beginning of the season I was pleased to see some cinematographic scenes of very high quality, but now it is time for the story to move forward and I think everything works for the best so far.Eh. I thought the directing of the Tyrion + Pycelle/Varys/LF scene was great. As was how they shot Theon burning the letter and then his baptism.
986	packersfan	2012-04-17	Number 1 reason I think this episode is the best so far: No wasted f#*king scenes.  I mean I don't recall there being so many sex scenes in the book just for the sake of a sex scene.  The first two episodes were plagued by this horny need to have the brothel featured.  Littlefinger's conversation with Ros (A COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME and NOT EVEN IN THE BOOK!)  This episode, the only sex scenes were with Renly (to remind of his homosexual relationship with Loras...is that in the book, I can't remember) and to bring that question of Margarey's viginity that is a big deal in later books /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
My tip to the producers, directors, creators of this show.  Stick to the books...don't add in extra sex scenes just for the sake of sex scenes...The show could have absolutely ZERO sex and would still be great.  Stick with Martin's sex scenes and you will be golden, since those actually move the plot forward in some way!
I gave this episode a 8/10.  We finally got some real action.  I LOVED Tyrion's scene with Pyrcell, Littlefinger, and Varys...at first when Varys popped up I thought Tyrion got caught in the act, but then I remembered that Tyrion was throwing different stories out to the untrusted others to catch the leak.  Loved Pyrcell getting grabbed up, just like in the book...except we didn't see him piss himself, haha.
Isn't it a little early in the story for Shae to be Sansa's handmaid?  Wasn't she a handmaid for some other noble first?  And live in her own secret mansion and have that singer that Tyrion eventually had turned into stew?  I suppose they have to condense...and all those things are not ABSOLUTELY necessary to move the story along...as long as eventually Shae's identity is discovered, etc, etc.
This episode showed the potential and brought back memories of the first season!  8/10...remember less sex is better (if we wanted porn, we would just watch porn).
987	Unsullier	2012-04-17	loved the episode.  They finally introduced the world to My Girl, Brienne of Tarth.
She's mine, don't even look at her!
I'm not liking Shae.  She's not a bitchy, feisty type.  Maybe with other people, but with Tyrion, she is warm, accepting, and dare I say submissive?  Not the 2012 "You Go Girl" that they are making her.
Oh, and Ros wasn't in this, but she has got to go.  
Epic win, Brienne, epic fail, Shae.
988	gogorath	2012-04-17	Episode gets a 10.  Not perfect, but damn near.  If it were a 100 point scale, I'd give it a 96.
The Theon scenes were perfection.
989	teemo	2012-04-17	A 10.  This is one of the very best in the series so far.  Much better than episode 1 and 2 of this season!
990	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-17	I think it is the writing more than his acting.  They have made him a blunt, micro-managing pimp rather than a subtle threat and master mind behind the scenes.  Likewise with Shae, I don't think it is the actress' fault so much as the writing.  NO actress can "act" like she is loving towards Tyrion or seductive if the majority of her lines are her complaining, attacking him for some imagined wrong, or otherwise acting like a bitch.She's like that in the book, though. She's nothing but a spoiled whore. Plain and simple. And Tyrion is stupid enough to have genuine feelings for her.
991	Puzzle	2012-04-18	I rate this episode an 8.5
-I thought Sophie Turner was very good-her scene almost made me cry
-I love the Pyke scenes so far. I have always had a soft spot for Theon and I think the show is really driving home his inner conflict and his desire to belong, making his vunerabilities much more apparent. Props to Alfie Allen. The burning of the letter and the way it transitioned into the baptism scene was beautiful. Special shout out to Ramin Djiwandi (sp?) for the score; the music this season, and especially during the baptism scene was phenomenal.
-Amazing editing during Tyrion's 1,2,3 scene; it was very fun to watch
-Conleth Hill as Varys is absolutely amazing. His face when Tyrion made the proposal to wed Myrcella to Theon was priceless.
-Brienne was amazing. I think Gwendoline Christie played her with just the right amount of awkwardness.
- Yoren will be missed very much; even on re-watch I had to look away when Amory placed that sword through his neck.
Complaints:- I did not see the point of the Jon scene; they could have just shown the Night's Watch leaving Craster's keep, they did not need to be kicked out.
-No Hotpie war cry /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by Puzzle, 18 April 2012 - 12:15 AM.
992	rmholt	2012-04-18	Horse budget problems again?George handed them the melee at Bitterbridge on a silver platter.When Cat arrives of the hundred or so knights who started ... all have been eliminated...only four left.Ok, so that could have been cut to two ... didn't Brienne unseat Loras after he had unseated her?Gwendoline Christie is really into it. I am glad Geroge's uneven cartoonish description of Brienne was not used. In SoS Jamie is always calling her homely , and by damn, Gwen did look that way last night (and she's and attractive lady).I am glad she is using her own voice and not trying to pitch a deeper one, tho I don't think, could be wrong, Geroge never describes Brienne's voice.One thing missed , maybe it was there, the insults hurled at Brienne were not in the script last night, expected at least one.When she flipped up Loras' visor it was just exactly as I had imagined.  The whole melee wasnt necessary.  I understand some grand battle scenes are coming up. I understand someone emailed Ms Christie's agent to suggest her for the role and that she REALLY prepared for both audition and part.  And she cried when she had to cut her hair.  She is perfect.  I think they judge the attraction of women pretty harshly and just her height, build, body language, and plain undecorated face is enough.I wish the colors were brighter.Brienne lost her morningstar but grabbed Loras' sword hilt and they both landed on the ground, Brienne on top and the more conscious, in the book.  In the show, she did land on top of him in the same way IIRC but no horses involved.
993	rmholt	2012-04-18	Gwendoline Christie as Brienne was brilliant.  Is she that big in RL, or did they employ the same SFX as used for the direwolves?She is 6'3"Marie
994	Lyana	2012-04-18	Eh. I thought the directing of the Tyrion + Pycelle/Varys/LF scene was great. As was how they shot Theon burning the letter and then his baptism.Yeah, those were great scenes too. I meant in the 3rd episode there is some fine direction plus the intact and more clearly developed storylines. In the first two episodes there were some WOW-moments, where it felt more like cinema on the big screen than a TV show. But that could have been my subjective perception, due to the waiting for the second season and the high expectations.However, I rated the third episode the highest so far. It was great /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
995	White Raven	2012-04-18	8/10 I really like this episode but I don't like the scenes with Shae. Isn't she supposed to make Tyrion believe they have a deeper relationship going on? I don't see that at all with TV Shae. (but maybe I remember it wrong. I'm still re-reading GoT)
996	Ser Graymax	2012-04-18	I gave it a solid 9.
Drowning Theon could have been a great cliffhanger but Im glad they didnt do it.  A big cliche after last week.
Yorin explaining to Arya how he said the killer of his brothers name every night was chilling and a nice explanation for her doing it even though it was absent in the books.  Seemed to me Yorin took 8 soldiers with him but others have said less, 4 in the book I believe..
Brienne is above average as was Maergery.  I like that twist (her and the plot).  Theons sister still hasnt won me over, doubt she will but just a minor point.  Balon was again excellent.  Great cinematograpy in the note burning/transition/annointment ceremony.
Im sure Sams Mothers ivory thimble is going to reappear, hopefully in a good way.
Por Lommy, no luck for that boy.  Hope they take his killer out just as cruely.
"No goats here, halfman." " Well, make do."
997	Prince Alexander	2012-04-18	6/10. I liked Brienne. Shae + Sansa scene felt a bit pointless. I hoped they'd go through with Theon's drowning - disappointed because it could have been so much more awesome. Margaery...  not really sure. I felt like she should have been classier than suggesting a threesome with her brother. Yoren's monologue + death looked silly to me. Why not make him intelligent, like in the book, and fight an actual battle with some hope of winning, rather than go out alone and die like a moron?
998	Tadco26	2012-04-18	She's like that in the book, though. She's nothing but a spoiled whore. Plain and simple. And Tyrion is stupid enough to have genuine feelings for her.You really think TV Shae and the book version act exactly the same?  Sure maybe in the very end when Tyrion is on trial, but when she is with Tyrion in book 2?  She acts like he is the love of her life, constantly flirts with him and makes him feel like she genuinely wants to be with him.  Yes she has some complaints, but over all she always manages to frame those complaints as if they are made because she wants to spend more time with him.  Sure she might be fake, but she makes herself pleasant for him to be around.Sure Tyrion has the part of him that knows that she just loves his money, but the book version of Shae does every thing in her power to make Tyrion forget that when they are together.  So the question is why would TV Tyrion like TV Shae in the first place?  Ros was more pleasant to him, and there are plenty of good looking whores in the TV King's Landing that could accomodate him.  Prior to Tyrion's, what on TV appears to be random, decision to be monogomous with TV Shae, he was hooking up with multiple whores at the same time.  The monogomy decision looking even more random with TV Shae being off putting and rude from the first time they met.  In the books the readers might not buy into Shae's act, but one can understand why the totally alone Tyrion, who has no one who cares about him or wants to be with him might.  TV Shae, not so much.  TV Shae acts like she needs to attend Littlefinger's whore 101 monologue.
999	Aegnor	2012-04-18	If Shae were a more significant character in the books I'd be fairly upset. As it is, I'm just annoyed. And I say this not because I am a purist who can't stand any change from the book, it is because the story line doesn't make sense within the TV show. As Tadco26 said, why would Tyrion fall for her? She seems mean, abrasive, and annoying. I don't think I've seen any affection between them really.
An off-topic comment...Why are new topics on the upcoming episode not allowed? I tried creating one a couple days ago, but it appears not to have been approved yet/ever. Has there been some discussion about the plan on this that I haven't heard? I want to speculate about the upcoming episode, but there doesn't appear to be a place to do that.
1000	Michaelj	2012-04-18	I thought this was the best of season 2 so far! Episode 1 was good, episode 2 was better but episode 3 was the best.
1001	J_Crews	2012-04-18	Yoren's monologue + death looked silly to me. Why not make him intelligent, like in the book, and fight an actual battle with some hope of winning, rather than go out alone and die like a moron?Because building a walled-holdfast, a barn, an escape tunnel, and an abandoned village, just to destroy them like in the book, eats-up budget $$$ better saved for the Battle of the Blackwater.  Even just having a longer fight, involving more people, inevitably costs more.  You're asking for the producers to do things they can't, then rating the episode a 6 -- docking them for things they have little or no real control over.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 18 April 2012 - 05:21 PM.
1002	A Murder of Ravens	2012-04-18	Gave it an 8.5. It seems like episode 3 ends season two's exposition of new characters and old plot lines. It can only get better from here.
I would also like to put a word in for the series. Unless some heretical deviation from the source material occurs I'd rather prefer to discuss the series on its own merits. That is without comparison to the books. Otherwise its just seems like a pissing contest.
1003	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-18	You really think TV Shae and the book version act exactly the same?  Sure maybe in the very end when Tyrion is on trial, but when she is with Tyrion in book 2?  She acts like he is the love of her life, constantly flirts with him and makes him feel like she genuinely wants to be with him.  Yes she has some complaints, but over all she always manages to frame those complaints as if they are made because she wants to spend more time with him.  Sure she might be fake, but she makes herself pleasant for him to be around.Sure Tyrion has the part of him that knows that she just loves his money, but the book version of Shae does every thing in her power to make Tyrion forget that when they are together.  So the question is why would TV Tyrion like TV Shae in the first place?  Ros was more pleasant to him, and there are plenty of good looking whores in the TV King's Landing that could accomodate him.  Prior to Tyrion's, what on TV appears to be random, decision to be monogomous with TV Shae, he was hooking up with multiple whores at the same time.  The monogomy decision looking even more random with TV Shae being off putting and rude from the first time they met.  In the books the readers might not buy into Shae's act, but one can understand why the totally alone Tyrion, who has no one who cares about him or wants to be with him might.  TV Shae, not so much.  TV Shae acts like she needs to attend Littlefinger's whore 101 monologue.I think they are in terms of capturing the essence of Shae. We only see Shae in the books through Tyrion's rose-colored glasses. The times she make him (and one could argue the reader) believe she genuinely cares for him is when they are having sex. We haven't had any Shae-Tyrion sex scenes (I daresay some here are glad for that) so I think that's what is missing from their relationship.  I agree they haven't really played up how much she uses him as much as in the books but at the core, Shae is nothing more than a bratty, spoiled whore.
1004	TyrionFan57	2012-04-18	I would also like to put a word in for the series. Unless some heretical deviation from the source material occurs I'd rather prefer to discuss the series on its own merits. That is without comparison to the books. Otherwise its just seems like a pissing contest.I think it's practically impossible for those of us who are huge fans of the books to completely set aside what we already know about GRRM's incredible story and what we like about the adaptation, don't like, what is left out, etc. of the t.v. series.  I love the books (I'm on my 6th reading) but I also love the series and understand why some changes had to be made (and don't quite understand others...oh well!)  If there is something that has significantly changed, I'm giving B&W and HBO my trust that there is a good reason, even though I may not see it at the moment.  For those who say that we should set aside the books and look at the series on its own merits...please understand that it is extremely difficult for us.  So give us a little break, please.  It is a world we have loved, lived with, and cherished for many years and this experience cannot be totally ignored.  I do think HBO is doing a fantastic job bringing this series to life for all of us, readers and non-readers alike.  And for those of you who haven't read the books...do!  You won't regret it.
1005	A Murder of Ravens	2012-04-18	I think it's practically impossible for those of us who are huge fans of the books to completely set aside what we already know about GRRM's incredible story and what we like about the adaptation, don't like, what is left out, etc. of the t.v. series.  I love the books (I'm on my 6th reading) but I also love the series and understand why some changes had to be made (and don't quite understand others...oh well!)  If there is something that has significantly changed, I'm giving B&W and HBO my trust that there is a good reason, even though I may not see it at the moment.  For those who say that we should set aside the books and look at the series on its own merits...please understand that it is extremely difficult for us.  So give us a little break, please.  It is a world we have loved, lived with, and cherished for many years and this experience cannot be totally ignored.  I do think HBO is doing a fantastic job bringing this series to life for all of us, readers and non-readers alike.  And for those of you who haven't read the books...do!  You won't regret it.I understand everyone has an emotional investment in the books. After all each of the 5 books are at least 800 pages in length. That's over 40,000 of pages of a series that is not yet finished and a commitment that last longer than some relationships. No wonder we all love the books. I haven't  reread them yet but I do go back to spot read to brush up on things I missed (and I missed a lot).My point being the books and HBO series are different in that the series moves along much faster than the book for obvious reasons. I find it harder to enjoy the series if you are comparing the two accounting the differences. Names have been change for some characters (i.e. Yara, not much of a big deal). Some characters have been eliminated and/or roles have been melded into one character (Bronn, again, not much of a big deal).I'm just saying for us who have read the books, even though we ultimately know where the story is going, we should keep an open mind and enjoy the season with out being so critical.
					
					
							Edited by A Murder of Ravens, 18 April 2012 - 09:21 PM.
1006	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-18	Just when I was starting to get worried about this season, episode 3 won me back. I'd rate it 9.5.  It was outstanding, easily the best of season 2 so far IMO, and better than almost all of the first season.  I love the way that it stuck so close to the spirit of the book while simultaneously making significant changes (e.g. compressing about 5 Arya chapters into one brilliant scene).  They even redeemed some of episode 2 by taking the opportunity to better explain Yara's motivation in her ride with Theon.  I think the thing that made this episode so great is that the individual scenes were longer.  The disjointedness of the first 2 episodes wasn't an issue here. 
I'm very much looking forward to episode 4- maybe they'll finally do justice to Stannis & Davos .
1007	samgurl775	2012-04-19	I give it an 8. Definitely the best epsisode of the season so far. As a lot of others have said, the only thing that really dragged it down was the Sansa/Shae scene.
1008	Greywolf2375	2012-04-19	I'm just saying for us who have read the books, even though we ultimately know where the story is going, we should keep an open mind and enjoy the season with out being so critical.Why?  There are a lot of varying reasons people have enjoyed the books - everyone (I believe) knows that it is not going to be scene for scene, word for word, but to just whitewash what has been read and hand wave away things that do concern fans I think is a disservice.  While I have never chatted with them directly, I believe D&D do still visit the forums - and if they do i think they will see valuable feedback.  We are the customer - someone said the series isn't being made for me, and they were wrong.  it is being made for me, and you, Ran and the other posters here, the fans that don't post here and the people that haven't ever even seen the books.  But if the producers can get voice of the customer and see what their audience sees as working, not working, etc then they should take it into consideration.As far as the episode...strongest of the season so far; the scenes for the NW recruits were well done, it might be a little bit of a stretch to truly believe that Lorch will believe the scrawny kid with greenhands is actually a blacksmith but overall I liked how they condensed the fight, chase and capture.  Another small weakness with that scene was Lorch's sword after he pulled it out of Yorens back.I think the resolution to the Craster/Jon cliffhanger was weak.  I've said enough on that in other threads.  Same for Sansa/Shae.The whole tourney/brienne/renly & Catelyn was done well.  It seemed they then realized they didn't have a scene with breasts in it and made one.  I like the change to Marg in showing that she is a player in the game - we kind of get that from the books after a while, but without the full time to see what she does, speeding it up makes sense.Over all an 8, but at least the momentum is swinging back.
1009	Michaelj	2012-04-19	Everyone keeps mentioning Theon's drowing and being disappointed... But I thought he got batisped the exact same way in book 2? Or did I think I read that wrong or something? If thats the case the nitpickers who docked points should quit GoT.
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 19 April 2012 - 10:58 AM.
1010	Tadco26	2012-04-19	I think they are in terms of capturing the essence of Shae. We only see Shae in the books through Tyrion's rose-colored glasses. The times she make him (and one could argue the reader) believe she genuinely cares for him is when they are having sex. We haven't had any Shae-Tyrion sex scenes (I daresay some here are glad for that) so I think that's what is missing from their relationship.  I agree they haven't really played up how much she uses him as much as in the books but at the core, Shae is nothing more than a bratty, spoiled whore.I have to disagree.  Her behavior in the books is the core of why Tyrion falls for her, rose colored glasses or not.  We need to see her thru those rose colored glasses, or question why does he put up with her over some other more pleasant whore like Ros?  Rose colored glasses implies that her behavior towards Tyrion was really poor, but he chose to over look it.  That's not what we saw at all though.  That may have been who she was on the inside, but she hid it well.Her behavior in the show is cold, distant and generally rude.  Now if she was a noble or someone Tyrion was courting in a more traditional modern day sense then perhaps he would put up with her behavior because he thinks he isn't likely to get anyone as attractive any where else because he is a dwarf... But he is paying her, and has had multiple whores of similar attractiveness at the same time...  The idea she treats him poorly as if she is doing him a favor spending time with him, rather than getting paid, actually makes her look stupid in comparison to book Shae, who manipulates Tyrion with sex.  It makes the entire idea of Tyrion randomly deciding to be monogomous with her at great risk to himself make no sense at all in the show.  Realistically if a camp follower whore like TV Shae behaved the way that she does she would be lucky to be alive and would be highly likely to end up like Pia with her nose broken and missing some teeth if she made a habbit of talking back to her customers in the manner she has to Tyrion on a regular basis.
1011	Feather Crystal	2012-04-19	I rather enjoyed the third episode! So far its the strongest of the first three. I took notice of the differences between it and the book, but I was satisfied overall with the main story being told. The Varys character is so good! And the new Yara is growing on me. At first I didn't think she'd work as Theon's sister, but she looks promising. I especially liked the scene where Theon yells back at his father that he let "them" take him...his only remaining boy. It was powerful!
1012	The Frostfangs	2012-04-19	9/10 top notch television
Hey guys thanks for having me,
First great episode of the season, wonderfully acted, directed and scored,
Peter Dinklage and Maisie Williams again steal the show and deserve an emmy nomination for sure.
Also a special mention for Sophie Turner who played the distressed and abused Sansa very well.
Looking forward to getting to the FOTFM with Jon, aswell as Qarth.
1013	zippypoodle	2012-04-19	I think it's practically impossible for those of us who are huge fans of the books to completely set aside what we already know about GRRM's incredible story and what we like about the adaptation, don't like, what is left out, etc. of the t.v. series.  I love the books (I'm on my 6th reading) but I also love the series and understand why some changes had to be made (and don't quite understand others...oh well!)  If there is something that has significantly changed, I'm giving B&W and HBO my trust that there is a good reason, even though I may not see it at the moment.  For those who say that we should set aside the books and look at the series on its own merits...please understand that it is extremely difficult for us.  So give us a little break, please.  It is a world we have loved, lived with, and cherished for many years and this experience cannot be totally ignored.  I do think HBO is doing a fantastic job bringing this series to life for all of us, readers and non-readers alike.  And for those of you who haven't read the books...do!  You won't regret it.You raise a good point. But, your attitude is not the attitude that those of us annoyed with book-purists are annoyed by (well, me anyway--I can't speak for everyone).  You "trust that there is a good reason" and "understand why some changes had to be made".  This is very different from voting 5 for the episode because of a few changes.
1014	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-04-19	*sob* they butchered Sandor in season 1 and seem to be butchering him again!  *double sob*
1015	rmholt	2012-04-20	Just one major thing missing:  The smile of Brienne when she is granted a place in the Kingsguard.  this was probably on purpose bc the actress had read the books perhaps to make Brienne serious from Day 1 but I think the series could have survived a Brienne smile.
Marie
1016	gordonah	2012-04-20	I liked this episode, 8, having given #2 only 3 or 4. I like what they are doing with the story.
Particular positives;
Iron Islands. Loved Theon turning things round on Balon. Emphasised the hypocrisy. Missed the actual drowning in the 'baptism' scene though. I felt this added more of an edge to the drowned god religion and it's priests.
Tyrion scenes were great.
Liked the Yoren backstory. Shame to lose the character.
Enjoyed the Sansa scene, even though she is one of my least favorite characters.
Dislikes;
Renly sex scenes. It was useful characterisation of the Tyrells and their cause, but still over sexing things if you ask me. Perhaps could have been cut in half.
Didn't like Shae  at all. Found her whiney and unrealistic (I know it's fantasy, but believability is key aspect).
I'm ok with Brienne and Yarra. Not exactly ringing endorsements, but thought I'd say so given the number of negative comments.
1017	ServantOnIce	2012-04-20	I rather enjoyed the third episode! So far its the strongest of the first three. I took notice of the differences between it and the book, but I was satisfied overall with the main story being told. The Varys character is so good! And the new Yara is growing on me. At first I didn't think she'd work as Theon's sister, but she looks promising. I especially liked the scene where Theon yells back at his father that he let "them" take him...his only remaining boy. It was powerful!Alfie Allen is doing great this year . . . it shows what GRRM didn't really develop in ACOK . . Theon's feelings of rejection . .. good detail in DWD though.
1018	Hyper	2012-04-20	Particular positives;Iron Islands. Loved Theon turning things round on Balon. Emphasised the hypocrisy. Missed the actual drowning in the 'baptism' scene though.Did. Not. Happen.
1019	GSP	2012-04-21	Gave it an eight. Yoren's story about how he ended up on the wall was the best thing the show has added that wasn't in the books imho.
1020	packersfan	2012-04-21	Good, someone said that the drowning did not happen in the book...I know in future books their are those who are drowned and brought back.
1021	rmholt	2012-04-22	Drowning has happened, didnt happen to Theon at that point in the book.  Or at any point. Maybe when he was younger or maybe he got one of the less traumatic baptisms.  It was made clear that not everyone baptized into the faith was actually drowned, espec youngsters.
Marie
1022	rmholt	2012-04-22	Alfie Allen is doing great this year . . . it shows what GRRM didn't really develop in ACOK . . Theon's feelings of rejection . .. good detail in DWD though.Oh yeah - he looked like the total puss he was at Winterfell but on Pyke at the end he looked like a stone hard bamf.
1023	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-04-24	A huge improvement since last two episodes - I've gave it a solid 9. Alfie Allen done a great job portraying Theon - I think, he'll be a Hell of a Reek, if they'll ever make ADWD season of the series. I loved all of the Tyrion's appearances in this episode - the Myrsella exchange plot and the assault on Pycelle. Raff the Sweatling looks a bit different from how I have imagined him, but he's done his part of killing of Lommy Greenhands proper. The only character that was a bit disappointing for me in this episode, was Renly - his acting at a tourney was kind of anemic. But Brienne was priceless and it made up for this minor flow.
1024	Ygrette	2012-04-27	YARR!God, this episode actually made me love Theon. Impossible. Had goosebumps all through the ironborn scenes. How he opposes his father, the slap, the ritual, his stone-hard face after he had been baptized, the burning letter... awesome. Stunning. Unexpected.Yoren! I always loved the character and cheered for the fact that he wasn't just randomly killed off, but died as a hero. Anti-hero, but still...Also loved the scene with Margaery and Renly. I always had the feeling she wasn't the innocent little fluff bunny.Sansa and Shae. Hilarious. Worlds collide.10 out of 10. Well, actually 12 out of 10, but the poll was broken. :-P
1025	ScientistGirl26	2012-05-04	More interesting than the previous two episodes, but something was still missing compared to Season 1...probably action scenes. The ending was good though.
Renly looked so disgusted when Marjorie tried to make a move on him...I found that hilarious.
Varys and Tyrion were excellent as always. I want more scenes with two of them together.
1026	True Blue Mug	2012-05-16	This was the episode that brought me back into this season. The first two episodes, for whatever reason, just didn't grab me. I think if you're non-reader, they may have been more exciting.
1027	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-27	Unbelievable episode!
1028	I. Ron Price	2012-09-07	i would say this is my favourite episode so far, purely for the Ironborn scenes. Balon's stone-hard voice and the zeal on Yara's face as he reads his plans are pure gold...or should i say Iron? pffffff
1029	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Gave it a good 8.
Pros:
Theon's 'baptism' of the Drowned God
Arya and Yoren
Tyrion's clever plot
Brienne vs Loras
Maergery topless
Sansa and Cersei dinner scene
Cons:
Shae is annoying
1030	Durzo_Blint	2012-10-23	A solid 9, even just becasuse of the Iron Islands scene. The casting for Balon was perfect. "I will not have my son dressed as a whore." /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
Fingerbanging Yara was kind weird to see. Tyrion is still a little legend.
1031	Ran	2012-04-15	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
1032	teamocil	2012-04-16	The Theon/Balon interaction was amazing.  That scene revealed so much about their respective characters, so economically.  Balon treats Theon like dirt, but you can see that the real reason for his disgust is his own self-loathing and shame over being defeated and having his children taken from him.  And poor Theon -- he is in such an impossible situation.  He acted like a total douche the previous episode, but now you can completely sympathise with him.  I wish he had sent his letter, but I can understand why he chose to burn it instead.  In the end, this is the only family he has.
And the scene also illuminated how hypocritical and pathetic the Greyjoys' macho posturing ("We pay the iron price") is.  Yeah, they're such tough warriors that they only attack unarmed fishermen.  Balon knows from bitter experience that he can't actually beat an armed enemy like the Lannisters, so instead he waits until the North is undefended and then makes a sneak attack.  What a tool.
1033	teemo	2012-04-16	The Theon/Balon interaction was amazing.  That scene revealed so much about their respective characters, so economically.  Balon treats Theon like dirt, but you can see that the real reason for his disgust is his own self-loathing and shame over being defeated and having his children taken from him.  And poor Theon -- he is in such an impossible situation.  He acted like a total douche the previous episode, but now you can completely sympathise with him.  I wish he had sent his letter, but I can understand why he chose to burn it instead.  In the end, this is the only family he has.And the scene also illuminated how hypocritical and pathetic the Greyjoys' macho posturing ("We pay the iron price") is.  Yeah, they're such tough warriors that they only attack unarmed fishermen.  Balon knows from bitter experience that he can't actually beat an armed enemy like the Lannisters, so instead he waits until the North is undefended and then makes a sneak attack.  What a tool.Since these threads are always so dead, I thought I'd come over and give you some company /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I do think the Ironborn are pretty hypocritical.  To go on and on about the iron price and act like tough warriors, yet spend their time slaying unarmed fishermen says a lot about them.  And Theon....he is in such a mess!  Being with the crazy strict Viking Ironborns from birth to 9 and then living with the "softer" Starks from 9-19/20 and THEN coming back to his homeland must do crazy things to his head.  I do empathize with him.
1034	teamocil	2012-04-16	/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />   Thanks for the company, this is my first time posting on this site (after hearing about it on reddit). 
Man oh man, watching Yoren die really hurt.  And just when the pain of Ned's death had finally subsided.  I'm glad that Arya didn't become some kind of ninja warrior in spite of her training with Syrio (and his death really hurt too!).  F*cking Lannisters!  They'd better get some comeuppance soon, I can't take much more of them winning all the time.
1035	teemo	2012-04-16	/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />   Thanks for the company, this is my first time posting on this site (after hearing about it on reddit).Man oh man, watching Yoren die really hurt.  And just when the pain of Ned's death had finally subsided.  I'm glad that Arya didn't become some kind of ninja warrior in spite of her training with Syrio (and his death really hurt too!).  F*cking Lannisters!  They'd better get some comeuppance soon, I can't take much more of them winning all the time.I know, I loved Yoren! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  That tore me up as well.  Yeah, Arya is just a "sheep" now, she knows she can't take on all of those guys on her own.  But I think Syrio's training will stay with her for a long time.  She learned so many valuable lessons from him and really took them to heart.  Great choice, Ned!  Yes, those damn Lannisters.  I tolerate Tyrion and sometimes Jaime, but Tywin is just evil.  The way they are just pillaging everywhere and killing and raping everyone on sight is just disgusting.
1036	teamocil	2012-04-16	Yes, those damn Lannisters.  I tolerate Tyrion and sometimes Jaime, but Tywin is just evil.  The way they are just pillaging everywhere and killing and raping everyone on sight is just disgusting.Oh no, I guess this is coming in the future?  Or do you mean the scene in season 1, where the poor farmer complains to the court about how the Lannisters are killing and pillaging, and brings a bag full of fish?I didn't catch all of Tyrion's interaction with Little finger, but I got the impression that he (Tyrion) had made some deal with Balon, since he mentioned how much Theon's father hates the Starks.  Was that the subtext, or was I misinterpreting what was going on?
1037	teemo	2012-04-16	Yes, I was referring to the first season.  That's why Ned sent Beric away - to deal with all of that.  It disgusted him.  
As far as the Tyrion/Littlefinger thing, I'm not exactly sure what you're talking about.  I didn't get any impression that Tyrion is making a deal with Balon.  If you are a little more specific I may be able to answer /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1038	teamocil	2012-04-16	As far as the Tyrion/Littlefinger thing, I'm not exactly sure what you're talking about.  I didn't get any impression that Tyrion is making a deal with Balon.  If you are a little more specific I may be able to answer /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well, in the scene where Tyrion proposes marrying Cersei's daughter to Theon Greyjoy, he seems pretty confident that Balon Greyjoy is already on his side, and that he (Balon) hates the Starks.  I wasn't sure how he would know that, unless he'd been communicating with Balon.  But I might have been reading too much into it.
1039	teemo	2012-04-16	He was just doing that to test out the three council members, whose loyalties he doubted.  I'm pretty sure he just made up that Theon story out of thin air.  This is actually what happened in the book, not really much of a spoiler, but just in case:
	Spoiler He told Pycelle he was sending Myrcella to Dorne, and told Varys he was sending Theon to Dorne.  In the books, he told the same thing to Pycelle, but to Varys I think he said he was sending away both Tommen and Myrcella.  I think they changed it to Theon in the show to make it a little less confusing.  I think it may have had the opposite effect, however.
1040	teamocil	2012-04-16	Yes, that was a pretty neat trick he pulled.  Tyrion is pretty awesome, I really enjoyed his conversation with Varys about the nature of power.  Well, there were lots of things I really enjoyed about this show, in spite of its tendency to kill off characters I like.
Okay, thanks for the clarifications, now off to bed!
1041	mrnegativity	2012-04-16	It's nice seeing someone here who hasn't read the books! It's impossible for me (and I suspect most people here) to watch without thinking about the books. Like a neverending meta-critique playing out as the show does.
So it's refreshing getting your perspective! You're in for a crazy ride, dude. It's all I can do not to spoil shit for you.
I'll say though that you're spot on with Arya. She's just lost Ned and now all of a sudden she's lost the father figure / protector that saved her from King's Landing... both executed right in front of her. Tough cookie.
1042	teemo	2012-04-16	And it's so difficult to make sure I don't accidentally spoil or give anything away either!  But I do love to see non-readers on here as well.  And I'm sure they'll be readers one day /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 04:24 AM.
1043	vinnie1912	2012-04-16	I came to the books from the series so i'm reading the books after the series.  I actually struggled reading GoT as I didn't think it offered much over the series.  I guess that means I think it was a good interpretation.Will see how i manage when i have a year wait until season 3.  It was only about 3 months for me this time."It's nice seeing someone here who hasn't read the books! It's impossible for me (and I suspect most people here) to watch without thinking about the books." I remember that feeling watching LoTR,  Luckily i dont generally have an issue with changes for adaption as long as they dont start inventing whole chapters (warg attack style from TTT).Regarding the episode.  Would like to see some more progress on the grand schemes, 3 build up episodes so far.Theon revealing himself to be even more pathetic than previously.  Hopefully he will be his own man someday.I'm guessing the crazies Arya released will be attacking the Lannister soldiers next episode,Question I have is does Mormont know that Craster (whatever) is giving the babies to the white walkers or if he has intentionally kept his head in the snow.
					
					
							Edited by vinnie1912, 16 April 2012 - 08:42 AM.
1044	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	Question I have is does Mormont know that Craster (whatever) is giving the babies to the white walkers or if he has intentionally kept his head in the snow.Tv show: Its hard to tell it would seem so, "you will see it again", but who knows.Book: It's not obvious what's realy happening to the babies and no one has seen the Others (white walkers) yet so everyone is still sceptical about their existence.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 16 April 2012 - 09:23 AM.
1045	Xtopher	2012-04-16	Tyrion knows for a fact that Balon Greyjoy hates the Starks because they defeated the Greyjoys (actually humiliated and massacred) during RobertÂ´s rebellion. Thats why Balon had to bend the knee and accept Robert as king and give his son Theon to the Starks. Balon has always hated the Starks for it so TyrionÂ´s idea to marry Myrcella to Theon was actually pretty clever.
1046	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	Actually all the Starks did was take Theon. Balon oldest son was killed at Seaguard and the Mallisters are Tully bannermen. The other one was killed during the colapse of the first tower in the siege of Pyke. The fleet was destroyed by Stannis. The attack on Pyke was a joined effort and any atrocities were most likely committed by the Lannisters to retaliate for the attack on Lanisport.
1047	Cherokee	2012-04-16	I think Sophie Turner continues to improve.  My heart breaks for Sansa and it has a lot to do with Sophie's portrayal.  She is not on the Dinklage/Headley level by any stretch but she is definitely improving, IMHO.
1048	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-16	i really felt sorry for her at the dining table really Cercei is just so cruel. I did like Sansa interaction with Shae. It showed how stress she was of been an hostage always on her guard.
1049	AshleyNicole	2012-04-16	I think Sophie Turner continues to improve. My heart breaks for Sansa and it has a lot to do with Sophie's portrayal. She is not on the Dinklage/Headley level by any stretch but she is definitely improving, IMHO.indeed, she's seriously definitely stepping up this season.speaking of good actresses, so excited Natalie Dormer's finally on screen. She was awesome on the Tudors and I'm really looking forward to see what she does with Margaery and how the Renly/Loras triangle plays out.
1050	teamocil	2012-04-16	I'm actually confused about the Sansa situation.  What exactly do the Lannisters gain by marrying Sansa to Joffrey at this point?  If they were assured of victory, it might make sense to proceed with the marriage, as a means of healing over old wounds and giving the defeated Northerners a stake in the future regime.  But right now, with Robb winning, the Lannisters' primary concern should be to win over new allies, and marrying Joffrey to someone else would be a great way to win new allies.  So why is Sansa still the fiance, instead of just a hostage?
1051	justashadow	2012-04-16	I felt for Theon....it's a losing battle with Balon...I mean Balon gave him up to Starks anyways and he puts his son down for it....like he was a young boy at the time. I felt like he was doing this to please his father and sister.
I liked the Renly/Loras and Margeary triangle....obviously she has been trained well but I think she shocked Renly when she told him he knew about him and Loras. I think there is going to be more there.
The Wlding scenes were too short...would have liked to see more.
I thought Tyrion was brilliant......especially setting up the small council members. I can see Littlefinger's greed but I'm unsure of Varys and what his intentions. Loved Cersei's reaction...about the proposed marriage. He always seems to get her.
Good on Arya for hiding Gendry after that nasty attack. She has lots of honour.
I too, feel sorry for Sansa as she had these ideas of what Court life would be like only to have it all come crashing down on her...I do hope her character develops more this season.
Brienne of Tarth...I didn't think any King would let a woman in the Kingsguard.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 16 April 2012 - 07:33 PM.
1052	drigoly	2012-04-16	I'm actually confused about the Sansa situation.  What exactly do the Lannisters gain by marrying Sansa to Joffrey at this point?  If they were assured of victory, it might make sense to proceed with the marriage, as a means of healing over old wounds and giving the defeated Northerners a stake in the future regime.  But right now, with Robb winning, the Lannisters' primary concern should be to win over new allies, and marrying Joffrey to someone else would be a great way to win new allies.  So why is Sansa still the fiance, instead of just a hostage?I will try and not spoil things for you, by only using things known from the show explaining the matter of Sansa's still-betrothal /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />So what we now from the show is that Robb can fight the Lannisters forever, but he won't win unless he takes kings landing and other important Lannister strongholds and that he can not do that without a navy (that's why he sends theon to treat with his father balon greyjoy).The other thing we know is that Robb hasn't won a victory against a lannister army led by tywin lannister himself and tywin is an experienced und brilliant army commander, so he is sure that he will defeat robb stark in the end, also the lannisters have like unlimited ressources, if they run out of men, they could just hire thousands of mercenarys to keep on fighting for them.So if Tywin manages to defeat Robb Stark and execute him, Winterfell and the north would pass on to Bran and then to Rickon, both beeing kids. Tywin Lannister did kill the Targaryen children he could get his hands on, so killing another two boys wouldn't be that hard for him, which would make Sansa heir to Winterfell, so if this scenario should happen he could marry Sansa to Joffrey and BA<U+0084>M the north is rulled by a lannister by legal ways.This possibility, together with the knowledge that a marriage to no other great house would bring in as many benefits to the lannisters as the starks right now (the tyrells are already renlys bannermen, the martells hate the lannisters, the vale hasn't got a female heir, hoster tully nor edmure tully have a daughter which they could marry to joffrey nor would they if they had, the iron islands are insignificent to the lannisters and are looking to have some disputed succession after balon greyjoy dies).
					
					
							Edited by drigoly, 16 April 2012 - 09:33 PM.
1053	teamocil	2012-04-16	Tywin Lannister did kill the Targaryen children he could get his hands on, so killing another two boys wouldn't be that hard for him, which would make Sansa heir to Winterfell, so if this scenario should happen he could marry Sansa to Joffrey and BA<U+0084>M the north is rulled by a lannister by legal ways.My god, that is truly awful.  I thought I couldn't hate the Lannisters any more than I do, but you've found a way for that to happen.  /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />So, the idea is that this would be a way to legitimize their inevitable conquest of the North?  I don't know, a Robb-Renly alliance makes a Lannister victory seem less than inevitable.  And even if Robb and Renly don't ally, the Lannisters still have to beat both of them; that would seem like the most pressing concern.  But maybe you're right that there aren't any available girls for Joffrey to marry besides Sansa.
1054	justashadow	2012-04-16	My god, that is truly awful.  I thought I couldn't hate the Lannisters any more than I do, but you've found a way for that to happen.  /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />So, the idea is that this would be a way to legitimize their inevitable conquest of the North?  I don't know, a Robb-Renly alliance makes a Lannister victory seem less than inevitable.  And even if Robb and Renly don't ally, the Lannisters still have to beat both of them; that would seem like the most pressing concern.  But maybe you're right that there aren't any available girls for Joffrey to marry besides Sansa.What about Stannis?...isn't that why Catelyn is there to talk to Renly about forming an alliance with Stannis so that they can all attack Kings Landing together and outnumber the Lannisters?
1055	teemo	2012-04-16	What about Stannis?...isn't that why Catelyn is there to talk to Renly about forming an alliance with Stannis so that they can all attack Kings Landing together and outnumber the Lannisters?Yes, that's why Cat is there.  To get the little Baratheon brothers to stop bickering and attack the Lannisters.
1056	justashadow	2012-04-16	Yes, that's why Cat is there.  To get the little Baratheon brothers to stop bickering and attack the Lannisters.Ok..that's what I thought.....I guess the key here is whether the brothers can stop bickering or not....because that really leaves the north quite open hence Balon's conquest of Winterfell and the north.
1057	_Oberyn_	2012-04-17	Yes, that's why Cat is there.  To get the little Baratheon brothers to stop bickering and attack the Lannisters.Not realy, she's there to see who will be willing to ally with Robb and let him keep the north. If the Baratheons stoped bickering (imposible btw) everyone would be fucked including Robb. Why would they give up the north wth an army of 100k+.
1058	_Oberyn_	2012-04-17	Renly is widely thought of as young Robert and Robert got the throne by wright of conquest so Renly is trying to do the same. Its also worth remembering that book Renly is not an insecure weakling.
1059	teemo	2012-04-17	Yep, he's not portrayed as well in the show, unfortunately.  He seems to be quite forgettable.
1060	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-04-17	Oh my God, they killed Lommy!......You bastards!
					
					
							Edited by Hot Pie Targaryen, 17 April 2012 - 11:28 AM.
1061	vinnie1912	2012-04-17	I dont understand the Sansa hate.  I think the portrayal has been very good.  Yes she lied and acted like a moron over a crush.  Seems like a typical teenage girl to me.
1062	vinnie1912	2012-04-17	Yep, he's not portrayed as well in the show, unfortunately.  He seems to be quite forgettable.Yeah I'd like the 'kingly' side of the character developed more than another scene about how gay he is.
1063	TerraPrime	2012-04-17	[mod hat]
Please be careful of spoilers in this thread. 
[/mod hat]
1064	justashadow	2012-04-17	I dont understand the Sansa hate.  I think the portrayal has been very good.  Yes she lied and acted like a moron over a crush.  Seems like a typical teenage girl to me.I don't necessary hate Sansa....I feel empathic towards her actually...she had these wonderful dreams of Court life and had been brought up by Septa to be a Lady but with her father's death and horrible treatment by Joffrey and Cersei..it's just sad to see that no one in Kings Landing, no one has her back and therefore, is subject to ridicule. The only other person that has been fairly decent to her was Tyrion in which he told her that he was sorry for her father's death and then with backhanded comment said to Joffrey that he  didn't do the same for his father (esp 201). Perhaps Shae maybe her only recourse during her stay at King's Landing. I do hope to see her get someback bone one day.
1065	justashadow	2012-04-18	Ok...rewatched last nite....why is Catelyn always so serious?? Does she ever relax??
1066	Eichenlaub	2012-04-19	Casting quibble, I think the actress playing the Tyrrell girl should have been shae, I like the actress who plays Shae but not in that role, she could have played someone else.better, but maybe I just dislike three way some of her scenes were written. I think the actress who plays dany is beautiful, whenher hair isn't blonde so she would have been good as the Tyrell girl. As written, shae in the show is not convincing. 
Renly is less regal in the show, but more human, also the gay scenes are a good counter balance to all the gratuitous sex and nudity. His queen is more overtly savvy in the show too, which is good in my opinion.
1067	Eichenlaub	2012-04-19	Typing on a phone sucks
1068	Dacie	2012-04-19	Ok...rewatched last nite....why is Catelyn always so serious?? Does she ever relax??She has a lot on her shoulders. Her husband was just murdered. Her oldest son is at war, as far as she knows both her daughters are in Lannister hands, her younger sons are hundreds of miles away in the North. She is trying to give Robb good advice, which he doesn't always follow (example: sending Theon to Pyke).Plus, I think judging by her overall demeanor and her actions early in the first season (before Ned and the girls left Winterfell), she has a serious, no nonsense disposition anyway.
1069	Makea	2012-04-21	She has a lot on her shoulders. Her husband was just murdered. Her oldest son is at war, as far as she knows both her daughters are in Lannister hands, her younger sons are hundreds of miles away in the North. She is trying to give Robb good advice, which he doesn't always follow (example: sending Theon to Pyke).Plus, I think judging by her overall demeanor and her actions early in the first season (before Ned and the girls left Winterfell), she has a serious, no nonsense disposition anyway.She does have a lot on her shoulders and she is trying to do what is best for her children as well as seeking revenge for what happened to her husband and Bran.Tyrion is one of my favorites. The trick he pulled was awsome. Of all the council members I thought that Littlefinger would be the one to tell the Queen as he did a mistake in the last episode he had to make right. Varys, although an evil mastermind at first sight, did prove that he only has the best intentions of the kingdom in mind when he wanted to help Ned.As for Sansa, I am soory for her but that is what happens when you forget your mother's family motto: family, duty, honor. But she is a typical teenage girl so it is understood that she would choose the pretty-boy over her own sister.And Arya......well...i just love her. She has shown great courage, intelligence and honour!
1070	justashadow	2012-04-22	Yes, Arya is really growing on me too...she is strong and brave for a girl her age.
1071	Planetary	2012-04-22	Renly is less regal in the show, but more human, also the gay scenes are a good counter balance to all the gratuitous sex and nudity. His queen is more overtly savvy in the show too, which is good in my opinion.You're right. I've never complained about too much T&A in HBO shows, but last week was over the top, simply because it was every damn scene and they don't have the time to waste. But...the Renly/Loras scene still counts as sexposition.Sexposition is a hallmark of HBO shows, but constantly employing it like they do in GoT makes it far less effective than it would be if used sparingly.
1072	Godfrey	2014-02-03	http://i62.tinypic.com/2cmkt1y.png
Â 
^ This character in Season 2, Episode 3, just wanna know if anyone knows who it is. Aeron Greyjoy, i'm guessing?
1073	Ser Lewis	2014-02-05	No, that is Balon Greyjoy. Theon's father.
1074	Captain of the Guard	2014-02-23	Thats Balon Greyjoy, Theons father you fool. You only see him like 20 times before this scene....
1075	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-16	Robb,I hope this reaches you in time. My father has rejected the offer and plans to attack the north, raiding the shores and taking Deepwood Motte. Mobilize your army and make for the north before it's too late. I'll write again when I can. TheonShort and simple, but great character development. Having Theon wrestle with this torn loyalty -- however subtly -- was one of the best book deviations they've gone for. I loved this scene. It shows how close he was to saying "fuck it" to his increasingly cold and callous family, and instead reaffirming his loyalty to his sworn brother ("am I your brother, now and always?") and best friend. And he looks his letter of warning over. Deeply... before giving it to the fire. The way it cuts off to the drowned god ceremony, and the way he gives this black look to his father before saying the words... just great.Probably their best book deviation so far, honestly; we have this slight disconnect in the books where Theon deals with his father's budding rebellion offscreen. That right there was a powerful little TV sequence.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 16 April 2012 - 07:52 AM.
1076	Kaitscralt	2012-04-16	I also approved. Thought it was an epic little scene.
1077	dtones520	2012-04-16	I totally agree. When i first read the book i couldnt figure out why Theon would turn on the Starks like he did. It just happened. You didnt really sense much struggle with the choice. I think the show creators did a better job than George in showing Theons battle for acceptance. He was never a Stark, now hes not even truly a Greyjoy in his fathers eyes. 
The scene when Balon hits him was great. I dont know what Balon expected whenbhe sent Theon to Winterfell, but he seems so surprised that his son isnt like an Ironborn. Well no shit, you send him away for the most impressionable years of his life. Im sure he wasnt even that close with him before he became the Starks ward,  being a 3rd son and all. 
It also showed off how big of a hypocrite Balon is. "Pay the Iron Price" my ass. Theon told him straight up, you bent the knee as soon as Robert Baratheon stopped his rebellion. He should have died fighting, instead he bent the knee and got to keep his Iron Islands. Sounds completely against paying the Iron Price.
1078	The GreatRon	2012-04-16	The Letter and the argument with Balon where he actually says things I really wanted him to say were very good deviations.
1079	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-16	In my opinion this is the first story element that the TV series has handled better than the books.  I have always found Theon's turn of the cloak in ACOK to be a bit jarring.  As portrayed in the series, his decision (and his difficulty in grappling with it) is more plausible and realistic.
1080	NW Deserter	2012-04-16	I don't want to repeat what's already been said, so I'll just add that I loved how that scene was shot. Having a wider of Theon, surrounded by complete darkness and sitting in the corner of the room, was very intense visual imagery - shows his utter isolation from both Robb and from his father.
1081	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	The letter was great, as you guys have already said it showed the viewer Theon's internal struggles better than the book did, which is pretty impressive since in the book we could read Theon's thoughts.
But the best added ironborn scene was Theon calling out his father for giving him away after his failed rebellion.  Great acting by Alfie Allen, and you could see on Balon's face that his son's words cut to his core.
1082	The Black Wolf	2012-04-16	I'll just say that I agree with what other people have said already. Theon's scenes in this episode almost had me crying...
1083	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-16	Agree favorite book deviation
1084	Frey Pie	2012-04-16	Totally agree with all of the above. Iv had a few complaints about the season so far but that was excellent. Shows how much of an outcast theon is. I wonder if all pity for him will soon be lost....
1085	Fredwin	2012-04-16	Theon will certainly have a lot more sympathy from viewers. Awesome scene.Anyone else notice in episode 1 that Catelyn told Robb not to ask Balon for help? Where I'm pretty sure in the book she said above all else, "Do NOT send Theon"There are a lot of changes to how we are supposed to portray him, so I'm wondering if GRRM didn't say something about how he wished he could have changed this bit originally.
1086	Strider	2012-04-16	I totally agree.  The HBO writers have made Theon comprehensible.  Book-Theon is a man who betrays his foster family without hesitation or regret.  We are certainly led to infer that Theon only pretended to be Robb's "brother" and liege, that he was waiting for an opportunity to break from the Starks and exact the iron price.  Book-Theon is totally unsympathetic.  Even after all the suffering he endures, we lack sympathy for him.  He is not a tragic figure; he's just wicked and pathetic.
The HBO writers have made Theon into a human being, a boy whose father surrendered him to the enemy as hostage, a boy who is searching for a father's love, a boy torn between conflicting loyalties.  He makes his decision to fully identify with the Ironborn, but we see that it was not an easy decision for him.  There is a tragic depth to HBO-Theon that I find to be a significant improvement over the books.
1087	Tourniquet	2012-04-16	It will make his eventual story arc all the more tragic should they follow it.
1088	Magjee	2012-04-16	Theon will certainly have a lot more sympathy from viewers. Awesome scene.Anyone else notice in episode 1 that Catelyn told Robb not to ask Balon for help? Where I'm pretty sure in the book she said above all else, "Do NOT send Theon"There are a lot of changes to how we are supposed to portray him, so I'm wondering if GRRM didn't say something about how he wished he could have changed this bit originally.I think in the book Cat wanted to keep Theon so they would have a hostage, a smart move.Robb trusted Theon too much.
1089	Howland Reed	2012-04-16	I totally agree.  The HBO writers have made Theon comprehensible.  Book-Theon is a man who betrays his foster family without hesitation or regret.  We are certainly led to infer that Theon only pretended to be Robb's "brother" and liege, that he was waiting for an opportunity to break from the Starks and exact the iron price.  Book-Theon is totally unsympathetic.  Even after all the suffering he endures, we lack sympathy for him.  He is not a tragic figure; he's just wicked and pathetic.The HBO writers have made Theon into a human being, a boy whose father surrendered him to the enemy as hostage, a boy who is searching for a father's love, a boy torn between conflicting loyalties.  He makes his decision to fully identify with the Ironborn, but we see that it was not an easy decision for him.  There is a tragic depth to HBO-Theon that I find to be a significant improvement over the books.I agree, although when I think back on it, he wasn't thaaaaat unsympathetic.  I mean, he was a douche, but he almost just seemed very, very ignorant, but I agree with you they definitely made him seem like a much better guy.  Granted part of me just thinks a lot of it is ignorance, and his internal struggle of trying to win back his family and his desire to be king of Pike.
1090	Chelly	2012-04-16	The letter was great, as you guys have already said it showed the viewer Theon's internal struggles better than the book did, which is pretty impressive since in the book we could read Theon's thoughts.But the best added ironborn scene was Theon calling out his father for giving him away after his failed rebellion.  Great acting by Alfie Allen, and you could see on Balon's face that his son's words cut to his core.Yes, I agree with this completely. I was worried on how the show would convey Theon internal struggles and thoughts because you can't read his thoughts like in the books. It was handled so wonderfully and Alfie Allen is killing it as Theon. I really feel for him. Balon was also very good, I also noticed that he had this almost pained look on his face, like Theon's words were really hitting him hard. He just refuses to show it.Totally agree about the scene with the burning letter. It was a great touch and very beautiful as was his baptism scene. The look on Theon's face says so much during that scene.
1091	NW Deserter	2012-04-16	I don't know if I agree about him being unsympathetic in the books. It took a re-read for me to really see it, but even when he's taking Winterfell he's constantly racked with guilt about what he's doing and trying to rationalize to himself that it's the right thing to do. The biggest different in the show is just how early on we sympathize with him (it takes til Dance to really get to that point in the novels) because of scenes like this, which I think is okay because it almost makes the viewers feel conflicted as well. It will make his actions later this season be both despicable and understandable.IDK if any of y'all watch Larry Williams' (OtakuAssemble) reviews, but he's only watching the series without ever looking at the books and was a huge Stark fan, but in his review this past week he even admits that he already feels torn on how to feel about Theon because he loves the Greyjoys.
1092	Ran	2012-04-16	Book-Theon is a man who betrays his foster family without hesitation or regret.If you pay attention to his later chapters in ACoK, you'll know that's wrong.The Theon in the novel starts off as very unreflective while being a moral coward. We do not see what follows between the first and second chapter -- it's likely he did think, a little, but he goes where the wind blows, taking the path of least resistance. It's only once he's buried in the mire of his own betrayal that the cracks show and you realize that this was all a horrible, petty mistake that happens because of that moral cowardice of his.The thing is, GRRM can easily do this -- he can mask that part of the story, and only bring it out later while we're in his head and we start seeing the regret and shame seep in through the cracks. They can't put us directly into Theon's head, however, in the same way... hence this wonderful scene, which externalizes the struggle where it most makes sense.It's a medium thing. They take different approaches -- they front-load it, GRRM puts it at the tail end -- but the result is the same: fantastically complex characters.Of course, sometimes they front load too damned much...
1093	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Alfie Allen was brilliant in this episode. Never really payed much attention to him in the past. Agrees with you all that it was done better than in the novels. The part where he confronts his father about being sent off to Winterfell was utterly heartbreaking and one I missed from  the books. TV-Theon is starting to become one of the more complex characters on the show.
1094	wolverine	2012-04-16	Just wanted to add that I thought Theon's "betrayal" was handled perfectly.
The only thing I am questioning is; was Balon even planning on taking Winterfell in the book or just raiding like a Viking?  It seems Theon really stepped up his betrayal in his attack on Winterfell.
1095	Strider	2012-04-16	If you pay attention to his later chapters in ACoK, you'll know that's wrong.The Theon in the novel starts off as very unreflective while being a moral coward. We do not see what follows between the first and second chapter -- it's likely he did think, a little, but he goes where the wind blows, taking the path of least resistance. It's only once he's buried in the mire of his own betrayal that the cracks show and you realize that this was all a horrible, petty mistake that happens because of that moral cowardice of his.The thing is, GRRM can easily do this -- he can mask that part of the story, and only bring it out later while we're in his head and we start seeing the regret and shame seep in through the cracks. They can't put us directly into Theon's head, however, in the same way... hence this wonderful scene, which externalizes the struggle where it most makes sense.It's a medium thing. They take different approaches -- they front-load it, GRRM puts it at the tail end -- but the result is the same: fantastically complex characters.Of course, sometimes they front load too damned much...I agree that in the later books, after enduring unspeakable torture, Theon/Reek begins to express a small measure of regret, sorrow, perhaps even a little repentance.  And he does show a modicum of loyalty by keeping secret the fact that Bran and Rickon are alive.  But is there any textual evidence that suggests that he was actually conflicted about betraying Robb and the Starks initially?  My recollection is that it was a pretty easy decision for him.  He is upset to discover that his father does not trust him and that he has been usurped by his sister; but are there any indications that he feels any pains of conscience when he allies himself with his father's plans?  Perhaps there are.  It's easy to forget or overlook these kinds of details in the books.  My impression of Theon is that he is driven by ambition, lust, and a desire to prove himself to his father.  Breaking vows and bonds of affection and loyalty seem to come easy to him.   I cannot see book-Theon ever composing a letter of warning to Robb.  It is only later, after his education at the hands of Ramsay Bolton, that he begins to evidence something akin to remorse.  At least that is my recollection.  Perhaps I'm wrong.
1096	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-16	Just wanted to add that I thought Theon's "betrayal" was handled perfectly.The only thing I am questioning is; was Balon even planning on taking Winterfell in the book or just raiding like a Viking?  It seems Theon really stepped up his betrayal in his attack on Winterfell.I seem to recall Balon mentioning a "ripe fruit lying there for the picking" and Theon inferring that Balon meant Winterfell.
1097	David Selig	2012-04-16	Just wanted to add that I thought Theon's "betrayal" was handled perfectly.The only thing I am questioning is; was Balon even planning on taking Winterfell in the book or just raiding like a Viking?  It seems Theon really stepped up his betrayal in his attack on Winterfell. IIRC he said pretty much the same thing in the book, that after they've captured the other castles closer to the sea and less defended, Winterfell will fall to them eventually. What Theon did was attack it way earlier than his father planned, that will probably be the case in the series too.
1098	Xtopher	2012-04-16	TV Greyjoys want to take a castle in the north and live in it.
Balon hints on it but Asha actually says she wants a castle of her own in the north. Thats not very Greyjoy-like.
They do not sow.
1099	Crown	2012-04-16	Alfie Allen, Patrick Malahide and Gemma Whelan were brilliant this episode. Wow. I loved the book deviations.
1100	NW Deserter	2012-04-16	I agree that in the later books, after enduring unspeakable torture, Theon/Reek begins to express a small measure of regret, sorrow, perhaps even a little repentance.  And he does show a modicum of loyalty by keeping secret the fact that Bran and Rickon are alive.  But is there any textual evidence that suggests that he was actually conflicted about betraying Robb and the Starks initially?  My recollection is that it was a pretty easy decision for him.  He is upset to discover that his father does not trust him and that he has been usurped by his sister; but are there any indications that he feels any pains of conscience when he allies himself with his father's plans?  Perhaps there are.  It's easy to forget or overlook these kinds of details in the books.  My impression of Theon is that he is driven by ambition, lust, and a desire to prove himself to his father.  Breaking vows and bonds of affection and loyalty seem to come easy to him.   I cannot see book-Theon ever composing a letter of warning to Robb.  It is only later, after his education at the hands of Ramsay Bolton, that he begins to evidence something akin to remorse.  At least that is my recollection.  Perhaps I'm wrong.In Clash of Kings, once he's actually in Winterfell he does. He has nightmares about Robb and Ned, which he handles with violent sex with that girl (the only way he knows how to deal with stress apparently). And he desperate tries to get all the citizens of the castle to just go along with him so he doesn't have to make his men kill them. And he felt a huge amount of remorse immediately for what he did to the miller's sons. Every decision he makes bites him in the ass, and he feels guilty the whole way IMO.
1101	snax	2012-04-16	Considering how Theon had thus far acted like a twat to people around him, this helped add complexity to his character and make him more sympathetic. Plus it'll help make his remorse later feel more real.
1102	House Martell	2012-04-16	I think the TV writers have done a good job of showing a more realistic "struggle" with certain characters. Theon here with the letter and Cat last week with going to Renly instead of returning to Winterfell and her children. In both cases in the books I never really bought the decisions, it made them both seems "evil" or unfeeling, while the TV show has shown the struggle and difficulty with which the characters come to their decisions.
1103	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-16	In the book, I didn't know who to hate more, Theon Greyjoy or Walder Frey.  The show is pointing out that Theon feels the pain of his evil acts, far earlier than the book.  Not necessarily, a bad thing.  I'm still not sure whether I prefer a weak person who does evil or a strong one.
1104	isiman	2012-04-16	I totally agree.  The HBO writers have made Theon comprehensible.  Book-Theon is a man who betrays his foster family without hesitation or regret.  We are certainly led to infer that Theon only pretended to be Robb's "brother" and liege, that he was waiting for an opportunity to break from the Starks and exact the iron price.  Book-Theon is totally unsympathetic.  Even after all the suffering he endures, we lack sympathy for him.  He is not a tragic figure; he's just wicked and pathetic.The HBO writers have made Theon into a human being, a boy whose father surrendered him to the enemy as hostage, a boy who is searching for a father's love, a boy torn between conflicting loyalties.  He makes his decision to fully identify with the Ironborn, but we see that it was not an easy decision for him.  There is a tragic depth to HBO-Theon that I find to be a significant improvement over the books.Not true, we don't see much of his decision making because his chapters in ACOK are weeks apart.Stil when reading  the chapters after the taking of Winterfell we know that he was actually torned by his decisions.http://www.towerofth...tark/index.htmlThis is a good analysis of Theon.Just wanted to add that I thought Theon's "betrayal" was handled perfectly.The only thing I am questioning is; was Balon even planning on taking Winterfell in the book or just raiding like a Viking?  It seems Theon really stepped up his betrayal in his attack on Winterfell. Yes, they wanted Winterfell.They couldn't have taken right away because securing the neck was of greater importance and taking Winterfell at that moment would have just streched their line of supply.The ironmen war as conceived by Balon was almost impossible to win for them IMO, they are good raiders and great warriors but they are terrible inland/cavalry and with winter coming eventually they would have lost after a guerrila resistence by the northmen.Theon was actually close to win it for them, if he had taken Bran and Rickon as hostages and destroyed Winterfell ( making hard for the Northmen to regroup ) the war was virtually won.
					
					
							Edited by isiman, 16 April 2012 - 10:58 AM.
1105	True Northerner	2012-04-16	*slightly off topic, but the scene with Theon being "baptised" with the salt water was absolutely beautiful. The landscape shot, right before the zoom in, was breathtaking. Pike, and the Iron Islands are the most beautiful of locations thus far.
1106	isiman	2012-04-16	Yes that was a very strong scene.I really liked the priest too, with that voice he could be a great Damphair.To bad he was cut for this season.
As for the topic, I was thinking if actually Theon could have betrayed his blood family and escaped/send a message to Robb.I think he was watched very closely at that moment, probably at that point his only choices were to fight with the Greyjoys or be confined on the Isles.
					
					
							Edited by isiman, 16 April 2012 - 11:09 AM.
1107	Atreides	2012-04-16	TV Greyjoys want to take a castle in the north and live in it.Balon hints on it but Asha actually says she wants a castle of her own in the north. Thats not very Greyjoy-like.They do not sow.No, the Ironborn then make the Northerners sow while they continue to raid and pillage further inland. Greyjoys aren't opposed to having castles, so long as they don't have to become agricultural themselves.
1108	Isabella Stark	2012-04-16	I thought this was a great scene.  I just wished they'd shown the letter a little more clearly so I could read it.
Thinking back to Ned writing Robert's will, it make me chuckle how everyone has really beautiful handwriting;)
1109	m_k	2012-04-16	i loved tv theon much better than book theon. I felt sorry for theon in this episode which i only felt for him in dance. In ACOK i hated theon the most. Great episode keep up the good work hbo.....
1110	Ser Hippie	2012-04-16	This was my second favorite "added scene" from the books (the first being the Robert/Cersei conversation last season), beautifully shot as well.
1111	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-04-16	Simply echoing how great this scene was.
1112	Lady Meera Reed	2012-04-16	I agree with the OP .. Alfie Allen owns the role -- can't wait to see him as reek!
1113	TerraPrime	2012-04-16	Of course, sometimes they front load too damned much...I feel that way about this TV-Theon. I think Theon was characterized by a sort of short-sighted selfishness and an overblown idea of his own merits, only to have those shattered bit by bit. Adding this reflection and loyalty piece marred that part of the characterization. I understand why the TV show has to do it, and I think it was a good addition, but I also think it changes the trajectory of the character a slight bit.
1114	Chise	2012-04-16	after seeing Theon bits in this particular episode, my hopes have been set much higher for "Prince of Winterfell" episode later...
uuuuunf, how was it this good!!
1115	saloneju	2012-04-16	(double post)
					
					
							Edited by saloneju, 16 April 2012 - 02:11 PM.
1116	saloneju	2012-04-16	I had to sign in to these forums just to agree on the original writer of the thread - Theon's letter (and the Theon-parts in overall in this episode) were totally awesome! And to be honest, the character started to make much more sense with this episode than it ever did in the books. Im starting to wait quite eagerly to see how this storyline keeps developing!
1117	Pliny	2012-04-16	I totally agree.  The HBO writers have made Theon comprehensible.  Book-Theon is a man who betrays his foster family without hesitation or regret.  We are certainly led to infer that Theon only pretended to be Robb's "brother" and liege, that he was waiting for an opportunity to break from the Starks and exact the iron price.  Book-Theon is totally unsympathetic.  Even after all the suffering he endures, we lack sympathy for him.  He is not a tragic figure; he's just wicked and pathetic.The HBO writers have made Theon into a human being, a boy whose father surrendered him to the enemy as hostage, a boy who is searching for a father's love, a boy torn between conflicting loyalties.  He makes his decision to fully identify with the Ironborn, but we see that it was not an easy decision for him.  There is a tragic depth to HBO-Theon that I find to be a significant improvement over the books.It will make his eventual story arc all the more tragic should they follow it.Yes, yes, yes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I won't belabor the point, but I REALLY like how the tv show is handling Theon. And I think they began building his struggle to belong and with whom to identify even last season. Brilliant.I also loved the little exchange (which I don't think was in the book-?) in season 1 between Jory and Jaime. They've just reminisced about fighting during Greyjoy's rebellion and Jaime says something like ...Jaime: It was so strange seeing the Greyjoy boy at Winterfell; like seeing a shark on a mountaintop.Jory: Theon- he's a good lad.Jaime: I doubt it.TV Greyjoys want to take a castle in the north and live in it.Balon hints on it but Asha actually says she wants a castle of her own in the north. Thats not very Greyjoy-like.They do not sow.In the book, if I recall correctly, Asha says this exact line. I read it as her saying it lightly, almost jokingly, in keeping with her confident character.
1118	Fredwin	2012-04-16	Of course they want Castles. Just look at Pyke. How do you think they're  going to consolidate power on land?
1119	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-04-16	Amazing physical representation of his choice, a pivotal point, or some would say beginning, of an amazing story arc IMO. The Theon scenes were definitely my favourites this episode.
1120	episodenone	2012-04-16	Alfie Allen was brilliant in this episode. Never really payed much attention to him in the past. Agrees with you all that it was done better than in the novels. The part where he confronts his father about being sent off to Winterfell was utterly heartbreaking and one I missed from  the books. TV-Theon is starting to become one of the more complex characters on the show.Yea - Alfie has so totally impressed me.  He was good in Season 1 -- but this episode cemented him as a great character.I really was pissed at Balon and thought Theon was so right about what he said.  And it fell on deaf ears.Alfie knocked it out of the park this ep -- and my guess is GRRM was probably glad that things happened this way on TV.
1121	willdabeast94	2012-04-16	I thought that Theron's letter was a horrible deviation. The books portray him as a cocky and ambitious man. He has an arrogance and a disregard for other's well being and that's why he sided with his father instead of foster brother. It sets the stage for his character reversal when he gets captured by Ramsey Bolton.
1122	Morrigan	2012-04-16	TV Greyjoys want to take a castle in the north and live in it.Balon hints on it but Asha actually says she wants a castle of her own in the north. Thats not very Greyjoy-like.They do not sow.Er, what? Asha's line "I've always wanted a castle" is straight from the book, dude. Seriously, it's hilarious when people complain about alleged deviations that do not exist.I thought the letter scene was brilliant and very poignant. Probably because we know Theon will turn into Reek so it makes it all the more tragic, we can't really hate Theon too much. And yes, Theon was conflicted in the books, he tries to lie to himself many times about it but any savvy reader will notice the cracks of denial through his POV chapters.
1123	DannySpud	2012-04-16	Theon's baptism was such a good scene. "What is dead may never die, but rises again, harder and stronger" - I love the parallel of this to Theon's iron-born past. It was dead but it never died, and now it's rising again, harder and stronger.
Theon in the books was completely unsympathetical because it seemed like he stepped off the boat with a plan to take Winterfell. It made the Reek transformation almost welcome. When it happens in the show it'll be so tragic after seeing him almost flip a coin to decide his loyalties. I agree with a poster earlier that this is one change that is significantly better than the books (along with "what do we say to the god of death?", that's an awesome line, especially considering Arya's future)
1124	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-16	Yeah, this idea this is was handled better in the TV series than the books is just bogus. If you were paying close attention in the Theon's chapters you can detect all the inner struggles.  It's just much more subtle, which the TV series is bringing to the forefront more.
Which is a great decision because you have to revels things differently in a TV show than a book, since you can't go inside a character's head in a TV show, so I think the scenes they added were great.  Theon was always one of my favorite characterizations in the books (noticed I said characterization, not character) because that inner struggle I found fascinating.
And really, I find all the people who say they found so and so "unsympathetic" in the books are really more a failure of the reader than the author.  Because GRRM gives almost every character some reason to for sympathetic.  I never understood how people could find Cat and Sansa unsympathetic.  Heck I was sympathetic to a point with Chett and Pate, and he gave them both only 1 prologue chapter each.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 16 April 2012 - 04:30 PM.
1125	Abifer	2012-04-16	I thought it was beautiful, in those few seconds with the letter and the candle Alfie Allen just seemed to exude the turmoil and indecision Theon must have been feeling.  A most welcome addition, having always been a Theon fan it's something I could imagine him doing.  I think had I been in my cups I would most definitely have shed a tear!
1126	BronnFan	2012-04-16	*slightly off topic, but the scene with Theon being "baptised" with the salt water was absolutely beautiful. The landscape shot, right before the zoom in, was breathtaking. Pike, and the Iron Islands are the most beautiful of locations thus far.Some love for my part of the world - the North Coast of Northern Ireland.The Baptism scene looks like it was filmed h very close to Ballintoy harbour, the place we see Theon arrive when he comes to the Iron Islands.http://i67.photobuck.../Ballintoy2.jpg
					
					
							Edited by BronnFan, 16 April 2012 - 05:32 PM.
1127	Sofokles	2012-04-16	I liked this scene too, Theon seemed to turn his cloak without a second thought in aCoK. (First his father implies hes not going to attack Lannisters but someone else, and in the next chapter he is already scavenging northern coast).
This reminded me of the 5th book when Theon starts to think about whether he should have remained loyal to Starks or not.
					
					
							Edited by Sofokles, 16 April 2012 - 07:32 PM.
1128	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-16	One of my favorite scenes not only of this episode but the series so far. It's quiet and simple and powerful. Nothing is said. Just Theon surrounded by darkness. And then cutting to his 'baptisim'. Reluctantly saying the words in the hopes dad might approve of him. Just wonderful. Almost makes me a Theon supporter!
1129	Milcov	2012-04-16	I loved this scene.
1130	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-16	reek it rhymes with sneak
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 16 April 2012 - 08:35 PM.
1131	Azerate	2012-04-17	I'm torn on this one. Because yeah, it was kind of climatic and explained what happened in Theon's head more thoroughly. But was it intended in the original story? I just feel that both his speech to Balon and the scene with the letter is just an attempt to make him more likeable, less traitorous character than he was supposed to be originally. Well, we shall see how this turns out next episodes.
Sure his "internal struggle" was hinted in the books but the show presents a totally different level of justification to his actions.
					
					
							Edited by Azerate, 17 April 2012 - 01:03 AM.
1132	teemo	2012-04-17	I'm a little torn on this.  It's a little out of character for Theon, who seems to never have a care in the world about anything but becoming king of the world, but I could see him at least contemplating a letter like that alone.  So maybe it's not all that far-fetched.  It was also very beautifully done, and tragic and sad as well.
1133	teemo	2012-04-17	I'm torn on this one. Because yeah, it was kind of climatic and explained what happened in Theon's head more thoroughly. But was it intended in the original story? I just feel that both his speech to Balon and the scene with the letter is just an attempt to make him more likeable, less traitorous character than he was supposed to be originally. Well, we shall see how this turns out next episodes.Sure his "internal struggle" was hinted in the books but the show presents a totally different level of justification to his actions.I agree.  Sometimes I feel like the writers are really heavy handed in trying to make the characters easier to empathize and sympathize with.  But only time will tell.  If Cersei turns out to be a pretty nice woman or something though, they have royally went too far with it.
1134	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-17	fave deviation as well
1135	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-17	They already took liberties with Cersei in season one, when she tells Ned Stark how she wanted Robert, and her utter disappointment at being called Lyanna in her wedding bed.  we all know she wanted Rhaegar (in the books).  And Robert and she share that brief moment of nostalgic laughter in one scene of regrets. And she's positively sympathetic with Catelyn when she's talking about losing her first child (Robert's child), whereas in the books doesn't she abort this child? Can't remember but I was pretty sure she never had any live births with Robert.
It's about complicating the characters.  I don't remember Sansa telling Cersei, in the TV version, that her dad's about to spirit them away from Kings Landing, but it's been awhile since seeing that one.
1136	teemo	2012-04-17	Hopefully they're just building her up to look that way (very sympathetic, not that bad of a person), and then it'll slowly be stripped away and the audience will see how wacko she is.  Hopefully.
1137	LuisDantas	2012-04-17	TV Theon looks pretty much the same as he is portrayed in the books to me.  I loved the letter because it was needed to make it so.There is a good illustration of some theory or another about psychological conflict and the influence of external acceptance in the formation of personality.  Despicable as his actions to come are, Theon lacks much of a choice; he has been denied an identity and spent the last ten years desperately and pointlessly begging for the integration he so sorely needs.  It is interesting that his native culture brags of refusing to sow and worships a drowned god, because Theon is indeed lacking in roots, reserves and breathing space.  Essentialy, he is being pushed by everyone who is suposed to care for him and therefore forced to live in constant panic.  That is why Ramsay affects him so deeply.I wonder how I will feel later on when he turns against the likes of Rodrick Cassel.
1138	Ser Pink of Floyd	2012-04-17	Great scene, loved it with Theon writing it only to candle light whilst surrounded by a cloak of darkness. Great scene and I now look forward to seeing how they handle Theons actions/reactions later in the book....
1139	Bolivar	2012-04-17	Alfie Allen is acting his ass off. Probably my favorite scene of the episode, and maybe one of my favorite scenes in the whole series so far. In the books he gets utterly humiliated at Pyke at various turns and his embarassment and his need to prove himself compels him to invade the North. Here, it's a hard-thought decision for acceptance. I might actually give the edge to the show, mostly because of how strong the acting is.
Needed Aeron and Victarion, though...
1140	Vandalism	2012-04-17	Theon, my admiration for you knows no bounds. As a character, you're awesome.
This added scene was perfect, wonderfully done and well acted.
1141	Envie	2012-04-17	Alfie Allen is acting his ass off.Well said haha!Little known tidbit of trivia that I didn't know but was the first thing I thought of when I heard the actor's name: Alfie Allen is the brother of pop star Lily Allen, thus making him the "Alfie" of her song about her little brother who is high all the time. HA! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Edit: Great interview and pics of Alfie as Theon here: http://whatculture.c...eon-greyjoy.php
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 17 April 2012 - 12:30 PM.
1142	sarah.jenice	2012-04-17	I have to agree that this scene was a great addition to the show and will add a lot to Theon's character. As soon as I saw the letter, I had to pause it so I could read it all and said if only he would have sent the letter...
The show changes to make the characters more sympathetic really don't bother me. As much as we may not want it, it does seem like they are giving Cersei a little bit of sympathy, but I don't mind.
I love the show and am intrigued to see where they take things.
1143	Aurelian	2012-04-17	In the books I've never been interested especially interested in the Iron Islands, the one exception is Theon's story, his betrayal of the Starks etc.. The bit with the letter was fantastic, he is clearly close to Robb and had divided loyalties. I like how he was with his father, very angry and argumentative.
1144	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-17	Everyone's mentioned my favorite points about the Ironborn storyline in this episode.
I just have to add:
The score that accompanied Theon's baptism was phenomenal! Ramin Djawadi composed an swelling, haunting melody for that. It felt equal parts pensive, triumphant, and somber -- all emotions that Theon must have been feeling during the rite.
					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 17 April 2012 - 10:13 PM.
1145	boojam	2012-04-17	I agree that in the later books, after enduring unspeakable torture, Theon/Reek begins to express a small measure of regret, sorrow, perhaps even a little repentance.  And he does show a modicum of loyalty by keeping secret the fact that Bran and Rickon are alive.  But is there any textual evidence that suggests that he was actually conflicted about betraying Robb and the Starks initially?  My recollection is that it was a pretty easy decision for him.  He is upset to discover that his father does not trust him and that he has been usurped by his sister; but are there any indications that he feels any pains of conscience when he allies himself with his father's plans?  Perhaps there are.  It's easy to forget or overlook these kinds of details in the books.  My impression of Theon is that he is driven by ambition, lust, and a desire to prove himself to his father.  Breaking vows and bonds of affection and loyalty seem to come easy to him.   I cannot see book-Theon ever composing a letter of warning to Robb.  It is only later, after his education at the hands of Ramsay Bolton, that he begins to evidence something akin to remorse.  At least that is my recollection.  Perhaps I'm wrong.I think you are right. One can read what one wants between the lines of what George wrote, but the book Theon seems guileless and lacking in snap.George is given to lengthy elaboration, and I didn't see this take on Theon.Sort of think the teleplay writer may have trumped George here.Actually Theon even here seem a little dim, for instance in the scene with Baylon if he had stopped at warning his fater about the dangers of trying to hold the north and not mentioned fealty or provoked ... it would have been more complex and I don't know how Baylon would have responded to reason well put. (But that did not happen.)
1146	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-17	I think when the writers have added stuff like Theon's letter, his speech to Balon, some of Cersei's dialogue in season 1,  Loras/Renly, etc. is to hint at what's to come should future seasons happen and to play up on what they as readers got out of the books. We all interpret things differently. Also, because you are translating, essentially, a book into a visual, you lose a lot of exposition and internal dialogue. So, we have to see things. We get dialogue that can come off as stupid or out of character (this is a generalization I'm making). I don't know if they are quite trying to make Theon more likable but I think when we get to what he does later on, it'll have a much more emotional impact on the audience.
1147	BlackTalon	2012-04-18	Everyone's mentioned my favorite points about the Ironborn storyline in this episode.I just have to add:The score that accompanied Theon's baptism was phenomenal! Ramin Djawadi composed an swelling, haunting melody for that. It felt equal parts pensive, triumphant, and somber -- all emotions that Theon must have been feeling during the rite.LOL, I was just about to post exactly the same thing! Goose bump scene!I might just take a screen shot and use it as a desktop background.
1148	Vandalism	2012-04-18	A question, by the way. Yara did not fondle Theon the way she did in the books. She didn't grope him or anything. Was it completely necessary to put in the whole explicit scene to show why Theon developed disliking for Yara and how weird the ironborn can be?
1149	boojam	2012-04-18	A question, by the way. Yara did not fondle Theon the way she did in the books. She didn't grope him or anything. Was it completely necessary to put in the whole explicit scene to show why Theon developed disliking for Yara and how weird the ironborn can be?I didn't mind them paring down Asha's sexual aggressiveness , alas George gets carried away with over characterization like that, could have done without it in the book, what's supposed to be an amusement becomes too embroidered. Her uber hostility towards Theon in the show seems over done too, in the novel she was just dismissive , which actually stung Theon even more.Later , much later, Asha tries to warn Theon he is about to get into bad trouble, showing some glimmer of sisterly affection. Theon , by this time, has become deluded , and pays for it in big way. You know when they meet again, which is way off in the long distance and she sees what has happened to him, we have to wonder what her feelings toward him are? He is a wreck, but George has not shown us that part of the story yet.
1150	Isis	2012-04-18	The Theon scenes were possibly my favourite in episode three. I see what people mean about (to use Ran's phrase) front-loading and this early reveal of Theon's motivations and how it could impact on his later storyline. But at this point I'm just really appreciating the fleshing out of book characters. I actually felt quite sorry for Theon when he made that comment about his father giving him away like a dog he didn't want anymore. [img]file:///C:/WINDOWS/TEMP/msohtmlclip1/01/clip_image002.gif[/img]  Exciting stuff though, I thoroughly enjoy it when a book is converted to a visual medium and it does something more with the material.In response to the poster who mentioned Asha saying she'd always wanted a castle (which I recall from the books), I agree that that sequence was a bit contradictory. Balon reminds Theon of their house words right after saying, effectively, 'let's take all of those empty northern strongholds'. What, you want to take castles but not live in them or use them for anything? It was a bit confusing.Little known tidbit of trivia that I didn't know but was the first thing I thought of when I heard the actor's name: Alfie Allen is the brother of pop star Lily Allen, thus making him the "Alfie" of her song about her little brother who is high all the time. HA! [img]file:///C:/WINDOWS/TEMP/msohtmlclip1/01/clip_image003.gif[/img]This is little known? What?
1151	boojam	2012-04-18	In response to the poster who mentioned Asha saying she'd always wanted a castle (which I recall from the books), I agree that that sequence was a bit contradictory. Balon reminds Theon of their house words right after saying, effectively, 'let's take all of those empty northern strongholds'. What, you want to take castles but not live in them or use them for anything? It was a bit confusing.I didn't make much of it in the novel, after she does live in a 'castle' (be it weird) anyway. I mean the ruling family supposed to live out on the rocks in tents?And see needs Deepwood Motte as a base of operations ... which becomes a tactical mistake just as Theon tried to warn about.
1152	Seed	2012-04-18	And she's positively sympathetic with Catelyn when she's talking about losing her first child (Robert's child), whereas in the books doesn't she abort this child? Can't remember but I was pretty sure she never had any live births with Robert.I dunno why, but I've always felt that her trying to empathize with Cat was completely fake.
1153	Envie	2012-04-18	This is little known? What?Well maybe the UK folks are more familiar with Alfie Allen and his pop music sister, but I don't think that many people in the US know that fact about the actor. Maybe I just live under a rock here in Texas which is like its own weird country. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1154	FacelessDude	2012-04-18	Theon is a very complex character. When he takes over Winterfell he is doing it to prove himself in a way, to his father and himself. But, he is also doing it because he feels wronged by Robb. This makes him self-loathe. He feels torn, part Ironborn and part Northmen. 
He does some pretty bad things, but they are understandable because of his situation. This still doesn't make his actions acceptable by any means. Now the Bastard of Bolton has screwed him over.
1155	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-19	I think Theon will be a controversial fan favorite. He is one of the most talked about and debated characters by book fans and I'm anticipating on seeing how the TV fans interpret this wonderfully written character.
1156	The late lady stark	2012-04-20	Yes, 
In the book when Theon shows up at Winterfell to take it, you're like WTF is he doing? I can't believe he did that. And you flat out hate him until later on. Now that scene wont' have the impact. Makes him more sympathetic in the tv show, don't know if that's good or bad.
1157	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-20	It think it is great that it humanizes him.
Even though we will better understand his actions it wont make them any less foul.
We will probably see him cry himself to sleep after what he has done.
1158	turdle	2012-04-20	In the book when Theon shows up at Winterfell to take it, you're like WTF is he doing? I can't believe he did that. And you flat out hate him until later on.false. i've always liked theon.  he's my favorite character in aCoK, and one of my top characters overall in the series.  the thing i love about these characters is that they often have to make hard and terrible decisions, theons just really good at making poor ones.
1159	The Non-Human	2012-04-21	Those scenes were great. For the first time, the show truly did add something. However, I disagree with people that said book-theon was unsympathetic. Even if it was not spelled clearly, the impression that he does everything he does because he wants to belong  seeps through all of his chapters.
1160	FloredaA	2012-04-25	CODE]
In the book when Theon shows up at Winterfell to take it, you're like WTF is he doing?
[/CODE]
I agree they shouldn't have made Balon talk about seizing castles, particularly Winterfell. IIRC in the books he says he's only interested in taking control of the coasts of the North - which they can actually control from Pyke.
Theon's move against Winterfell is supposed to be his own supposedly brilliant addition to the scheme, and we're spoiled the suprise that he'll dare and succeed this.  
I never had any trouble understanding Theon's change of loyalties in the books. He's in fact fairly constant : he's highly self-centered and egoist, and he desperately wants to belong and be recognized. Where most people try to belong by sharing affections -love and be loved- he seems unable to love anybody but himself. That's probably due to the fact that the Greyjoy are not a very loving family to begin with (in fact a deeply disturbed family is more like it), and he was outcast of it. He was too old to learn affection with the Starks, plus his hostage status meant Ned and Cat couldn't love him like a son - they were supposed to kill him in case Balon rebelled again (and we know Cat is not very good at loving children other than her own).
He doesn't reflect much on feelings, nor morals, and mainly goes with the flow of events, as long as it seems to push him on top. When he's with the Starks he wants to be appreciated by the Starks but doesn't understand their familial love and loyalty (remember the episode where he saves Bran from the wildlings -he's not afraid to put him in danger as long as he can show his archer's skills, and expects to be congratulated for his shot instead of scolded by Robb), and when he gets to the Iron Islands, he wants to belong with his old family and never stops to contemplate the contradiction. In fact he already believes himself a king's heir because of Robb's plan, and then grabs onto Balon's plan as a way to keep that position.
1161	Happy Ent	2012-04-25	(and we know Cat is not very good at loving children other than her own).She seems to be one of the few characters in the books who actually expresses compassion for other children than her own, so I have no idea where this comes from.
1162	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-25	She seems to be one of the few characters in the books who actually expresses compassion for other children than her own, so I have no idea where this comes from.It's the whole schtick that she ought to have loved Ned's bastard son Jon Snow, and she *gasp* didn't.
1163	Happy Ent	2012-04-25	It's the whole schtick that she ought to have loved Ned's bastard son Jon Snow, and she *gasp* didn't.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know if youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re joking, Lya, but: Surely nobody expects Cat to even like him or tolerate Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s presence at Winterfell. Expecting her to love him would be absurd.So that canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be it.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m racking my brain hereâ<U+0080>¦
1164	The Non-Human	2012-04-25	I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know if youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re joking, Lya, but: Surely nobody expects Cat to even like him or tolerate Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s presence at Winterfell. Expecting her to love him would be absurd.So that canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be it.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m racking my brain hereâ<U+0080>¦People just assume she was terrible with him based on what happened at Bran's room.
1165	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	People just assume she was terrible with him based on what happened at Bran's room.You think they deduce something about her character from that single scene? When Bran was dying?Naâ<U+0080>¦ she was pretty mean to Luwin in those days as well, and nobody deduces that Cat has a pathological hatred of maesters.She was obviously very distressed, and all readers can see that. (Also, Jon is probably the last child on the planet she could be supposed to like. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like expecting her to love, say, Jaime of Joffrey. Or, equally absurd, Theon. Surely nobody thinks that.)
1166	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-26	You think they deduce something about her character from that single scene? When Bran was dying?Naâ<U+0080>¦ she was pretty mean to Luwin in those days as well, and nobody deduces that Cat has a pathological hatred of maesters.She was obviously very distressed, and all readers can see that. (Also, Jon is probably the last child on the planet she could be supposed to like. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like expecting her to love, say, Jaime of Joffrey. Or, equally absurd, Theon. Surely nobody thinks that.)For reference, this thread, among others. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Yes, I think people did think Cat treated Jon abominably. People do expect Cat to "get over herself" and like Jon, and some expect her to love him, too. (Which I think is completely missing the point with her character, by the way.)
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 26 April 2012 - 05:20 AM.
1167	FloredaA	2012-04-26	People just assume she was terrible with him based on what happened at Bran's room.I'm totally lost in the levels of irony or sarcasm on the five last posts here. Am I totally out of my mind to suggest that a woman given the responsability to raise a baby from infancy to teen age should have developped some affection towards the child, whatever who his parents were, and maybe even more so if the child is supposed to be her beloved husband's son ?He's clearly not responsible for the situation, and if it grated so hard, she should have reported her resentment on Ned, not on the kid. Yet she keeps loving Ned, and hates the child ?I'am aware the subject has probably been discussed elsewhere, however I'm dismayed if the canon readers' reaction is that "Cat was right to treat Jon as she did" (and no, not speaking of that one scene, but on the overall feeling he kept of his childhood, that he was not to expect more than food and lodging from her) Theon is a different case, as he was older when he arrived, and a hostage.
1168	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	Am I totally out of my mind to suggest that a woman given the responsability to raise a baby from infancy to teen age should have developped some affection towards the child, whatever who his parents were, and maybe even more so if the child is supposed to be her beloved husband's son ?I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know the answer to that question. But how is this relevant to this case? Catelyn certainly was never charged with raising Jon. (Or, probably, any of her other children. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re aristocrats. They have staff for that.)You would be totally out of your mind if you suggested that a woman should love, like, or even tolerate a child that her husband had with another woman while cheating on her.I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even for a minute imagine what kind of mindset something like that would take. Today itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s certainly unthinkable. In Westeros, thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another level of political insult heaped upon Catelyn, beside the personal insult. On the other hand, women werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really persons back then, so maybe thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why you think Catelyn should just like the situation? (Honest question.) In any case, nobody in Westeros agrees.He's clearly not responsible for the situation, and if it grated so hard, she should have reported her resentment on Ned, not on the kid. Yet she keeps loving Ned, and hates the child ?She did report to Ned, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re told this quite explicitly.And since when did she hate Jon? Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re told that she didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t find it in herself to love him. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s it."Cat was right to treat Jon as she did"Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not my position. I think she was a door mat. She should have stood up for herself quite a bit more. Jon has no place at Winterfell, the entire realm agrees. Insist heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shipped of to Karhold. Better for him, better for her, better for Ned.Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a saint with respect to Jon, and I think she shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be.
1169	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-26	Excellent post HE. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Apart from that, Jon was also a constant reminder of Cat's shame, embarrassment and how others would see her as about the same level as those embarrassing Freys who had the bastards fostered in the same place as the trueborn children.Cat was definitely dutiful in that she didn't pressure Ned *more* about it, but then he intimidated her into silence the one time she dared bring it up. There is nothing that prevented Ned sending Jon off to be fostered with the Cerwyns for instance, since they were close enough that they cold be reached within a day's ride. This was Ned's choice and Ned's alone.If in doubt, check Cersei's view that Cat must have been a mouse to allow Jon to be fostered in Winterfell together with the trueborn children.I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even for a minute imagine what kind of mindset something like that would take. Today itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s certainly unthinkable. In Westeros, thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another level of political insult heaped upon Catelyn, beside the personal insult. On the other hand, women werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really persons back then, so maybe thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why you think Catelyn should just like the situation? (Honest question.) In any case, nobody in Westeros agrees.Best comment this year. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 26 April 2012 - 12:27 PM.
1170	FloredaA	2012-04-26	Wow. We disagree so much on so many points my head spins.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know the answer to that question. But how is this relevant to this case? Catelyn certainly was never charged with raising Jon. (Or, probably, any of her other children. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re aristocrats. They have staff for that.)Staff is just that : staff. No matter how many people there are to cook, wash the dishes, darn clothes or laundry them, the mother is the one who loves, and thus, raises the kids. Even is aristocrats families, or you have a strange idea of what's a family.You would be totally out of your mind if you suggested that a woman should love, like, or even tolerate a child that her husband had with another woman while cheating on her.I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even for a minute imagine what kind of mindset something like that would take. Today itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s certainly unthinkable. In Westeros, thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another level of political insult heaped upon Catelyn, beside the personal insult. On the other hand, women werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really persons back then, so maybe thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why you think Catelyn should just like the situation? (Honest question.) In any case, nobody in Westeros agrees.WelI you can call the psychiatric ward, as I can actually so well imagine it that yes, I believe it must be difficult NOT to love a child you raise. Caretakers certainly do, though they now don't usually mind kids for 15 years. Some of them have even been known to love childs of women they despised or hated (have you read or seen The Help?) I believe I would love any child I had to take care of, even if it was my husband's bastard. OTOH, while I could deal with an unfaithful husband, I coudn't stand one that wouldn't respect me enough to share the whole story whith me. But while I'd expect him to talk about the situation,  I'd certainly never force him to cast away his own child. That would be appallingly cruel.I'm afraid we're going totally out ot subject in that thread.
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 26 April 2012 - 12:44 PM.
1171	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-26	Staff is just that : staff. No matter how many people there are to cook, wash the dishes, darn clothes or laundry them, the mother is the one who loves, and thus, raises the kids. Even is aristocrats families, or you have a strange idea of what's a family.Jon is not her son. He is a bastard Ned fathered when he was cheating on her. She is not his mother. She has no wish to be and nobody expects her to be. Why is this so difficult to understand? She does not take care of him. She is distant and cold to him due to what he is.I can't understand how people can totally miss this or misunderstand it completely and hold it against Cat that she is not Jon's ersatz mother. It's truly bizarre.
1172	john	2012-04-26	The only thing relevant here should surely be what Ned wants.  If he wants Jon in Winterfell, he's in Winterfell.  If he wants Cat to love him, she should love him.  That's feudalism.Apart from that, I agree with Floredai.  And yes, a woman should love a child her husband had with another woman.  Best solution for everybody.eta - oh and I forgot that I came in to say I prefer the book Theon.  He's a nasty adolescent.  His problems arise from arrogance and immaturity.  That's a better character IMO than one with just some mixed up motivations.
					
					
							Edited by john, 26 April 2012 - 12:53 PM.
1173	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	Staff is just that : staff. No matter how many people there are to cook, wash the dishes, darn clothes or laundry them, the mother is the one who loves, and thus, raises the kids. Even is aristocrats families, or you have a strange idea of what's a family.People raising the kids include a wetnurse for feeding, a septa for needlework, a maester for school, and Old Nan for reading bed time stories. Nobody expects Lady Stark (or any other Lady) to raise her children. They have a household to run.This is not a nuclear family in the 20th century; very few Westerosi families are. You have a strange idea of whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a family then, both for the smallfolk and (to a bigger extent) for the aristocracy.WelI you can call the psychiatric ward, as I can actually so well imagine it that yes, I believe it must be difficult NOT to love a child you raise.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know if it were a proof of my spouses infidelity. I simply canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine how that would be. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s out of my scope.But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s also completely irrelevant. Catelyn did not raise Jon. She probably didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even raise Bran or Rickon for that matter. (Though she may have found time for that, and probably loved every second of it.)
1174	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	And yes, a woman should love a child her husband had with another woman.  Best solution for everybody.If itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s some kind of step child, maybe.But in this situation? Outrageous.
1175	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-26	Apart from that, I agree with Floredai.  And yes, a woman should love a child her husband had with another woman.  Best solution for everybody.Even within the patriarchal society of Westeros, it's fairly well established that bastards are fostered away from the trueborn children as they are both a significant shame to the wife and a possible threat to the trueborn children (see Blackfyre rebellion and Ramsay Snow for examples).
1176	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	I believe it must be difficult NOT to love a child you raise. Caretakers certainly do, though they now don't usually mind kids for 15 years.To find some common ground on this: I totally expect the people who raised to have loved him.Septa Mordane. Maester Luwin. The wetnurse Wylla, and whoever continued nursing him at Winterfell. Rodrick Cassell. Old Nan. All these people probably developed love and affection for him.But Cat? Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the last woman in Westeros that you can expect develops any kind of loving feeling. Cersei would be a better candidate for loving Jon. (Since his very existence and his continued presence isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a constant personal insult to her and political insult and treason to her house.)Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my list of all people in Westeros, ranked by who can be reasonably expected to love Jon:1. Unnamed wetnurse2. Ned3. Old Nan4. Wylla5. Ashara Dayne6. Maester Luwin7. Hodor8. Robb9. Sansa10. Arya11. Bran12. Rickon13. Rodrick Cassell14. Beth Cassell...5465. Cersei Lannister..135364. The Mountain that Rides..13243464. Random peasant called Wat...80543234. Hoster Tully80543235. Catelyn Stark
1177	FloredaA	2012-04-26	eta - oh and I forgot that I came in to say I prefer the book Theon.  He's a nasty adolescent.  His problems arise from arrogance and immaturity.  That's a better character IMO than one with just some mixed up motivations.To bring us back on topic, yes, a big explanation of book Theon's character is that he's a teenager - believes he knows better than everybody else and that "he'll show them!" Poor, poor Theon.And hopefully, to close the other one : can we also agree that an ideal maternal figure would have loved Jon nevertheless ? But Cat isn't that woman, she has too much pride.
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 26 April 2012 - 01:09 PM.
1178	john	2012-04-26	If itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s some kind of step child, maybe.But in this situation? Outrageous.Outrageously good idea, I think.  She'd have loved it if she just gave it a shot.  Come on cuckolds and cuckqueens (who knew that was the word?), it's not the kid's fault.Even within the patriarchal society of Westeros, it's fairly well established that bastards are fostered away from the trueborn children as they are both a significant shame to the wife and a possible threat to the trueborn children (see Blackfyre rebellion and Ramsay Snow for examples).I hold Cat to higher standards than the westeros norm. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1179	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	And hopefully, to close the other one : can we also agree that an ideal maternal figure would have loved Jon nevertheless ? Absolutely not. First, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not a maternal figure to Jon. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a maternal figure to her children. The best thing she can do for them, from many points of view (legal and emotional) is to insist on getting rid of Jon. Certainly not to belittle her maternal affection towards her own children by showing them that her maternal attention is handed out willy-nilly. â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, child, I love you so much.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>How much, mom?â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>Just as much as I love the living proof of my inadequacy, the living proof of my husbands infidelity, and the living proof of House Stark pissing on House Tully and the thousands of dead Riverlanders that bled to death to pay for my marriage.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, thanks mom. That much.â<U+0080><U+009D>Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not very maternal at all. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the opposite.Second, a maternal figure ought to still be compatible with my view of an ideal woman, which does not differ much from begin an ideal person of any sex. Letting yourself get shat on is not part of that. Maternal figures should have personhood. Even in Westeros, nobody expects Cat to behave like a slave. By our modern standards, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s even more unheard of. --Cat deserves either a sainthood or a slap for trying to find affection towards Jon (though she failed).
1180	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-26	And hopefully, to close the other one : can we also agree that an ideal maternal figure would have loved Jon nevertheless ? But Cat isn't that woman, she has too much pride.I have no idea how you could think this. A mother does not deserve to be trod on. That's just...wrong.
1181	john	2012-04-26	Nobody deserved the situation, that's the beautiful tragedy of the story.  But ideally Cat would've been a bigger person and everyone would've lived happily together.  Of course Jon would've stayed at Winterfell or gone off with Rob and eventually the world would be overrun with frost monsters as a result.  But at least there would've been greater familial harmony.
Theon didn't deserve to be flayed or fucked up in the head either but his actions are more understandable to me than Cat's regarding Jon.
1182	turdle	2012-04-27	Second, a maternal figure ought to still be compatible with my view of an ideal woman, which does not differ much from begin an ideal person of any sex. Letting yourself get shat on is not part of that.so, obviously, you think less of jon snow for allowing himself to be shat on by cat then.  it's a character flaw of jon snows to simply take the venom and walk away. i can only assume that is your position if you mean to be consistent.no one "chooses" to love. cat can't choose to love jon. she either does, or does not, and i do not fault her for not loving him.  that she can not even seem to stand his presence, is a sign of her own lack of self confidence.  i can't imagine how one could justify the idea that jon should be sent away.situation 1: person X lives with the only family they know to exist. this causes person Y to be faced with the reality of their significant others infidelity.situation 2: person X is outcast from the only family they have ever known, treated like less of a person by their own father for a mistake he himself made. person Y is not faced daily with the infidelity of their significant other.how exactly, do you justify situation 2 as the morally superior one?  ned did what he did, and cat can either accept it and move on, or begrudge him for it. jon staying at winterfel is NOT cat being shat on. jon staying at winterfel is ned doing right by a helpless, innocent child. if cat is too blinded by her own self righteous indignation to recognize that, then that is her character flaw.  i accept that, and still like her, just as i like all the other characters with all of their flaws as well.
1183	Angalin	2012-04-27	<mod>Go back to discussing how Catelyn didn't love Theon enough to stop him from betraying Robb to Balon, please.  (There are lots of threads about Cat and Jon in the book forums with pages on this.)  Or, even better, how Balon didn't think much of Theon either.  In the HBO series.</mod>
1184	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-26	Theon's arc was handled magnificently in season 2. They turned a character I never found very convincing in the books, into one with a deeply conflicting internal struggle. It's probably the best improvement the tv series has made over the books.
1185	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-16	I really loved the "Oh the Queen mustn't know, i love conversations that begin this way" reaction from Varys and of course his riddle on the shadow on the wall and I feel that Conleth Hill potrayal is simply perfect.. That is what I expect when I think of Varys. TV Varys is truly amazing, one of the best characters of the show and for that Conleth Hill's acting does deserve some credit.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 17 April 2012 - 07:26 AM.
1186	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Couldnt agree more.  He's massively underrated as he almost never tets mentioned along with the best actors on the show.  
This season, Varys' underlying strength is really coming out and you get the feeling there's a lot more to him than just a gossip mongerer.
1187	boojam	2012-04-17	I really loved the "Oh the Queen mustn't know, i love conversations that beging this way" reaction from Varys and of course his riddle on the shadow of the wall and I feel that Conleth Hill potrayal is simply perfect, that is what I expect when I think of Varys. TV Varys is truly amazing, one of the best characters of the show and for that Conleth Hill's acting does deserve some credit.Wonder if Hill will be nominated for an Emmy this year?(Then , maybe, at last there will be an interview with him!)
1188	Thunderfist	2012-04-17	Sign me up for the Conleth Hill / Lord Varys fanclub, I think heÂ´s awesome!
1189	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-17	Dinklage and Hill play so well off each other. I'd heard the Sellsword riddle so many times already, because of the trailer that featured it, but it was still one of my favourite bits of the episode because the dialogue was just so good, so Game of Thronesy. The semi-distrustful alliance between Varys and Tyrion is a great dynamic which will come across so well on screen because Dinklage and Hill definitely bring out the best in each other.
The casting in this show continues to make me a very, very happy fan.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 17 April 2012 - 06:36 AM.
1190	Arkash	2012-04-17	Nothing really constructive to add but yeah, Conleth Hill is just the absolute perfect choice and actor for Varys!
1191	Greywolf2375	2012-04-17	I think he is doing a great job with it, ironically, I think the scene with Tyrion and Shae was one of his weaker ones as it appeared he was trying to be Varys, rather than just letting it come out.  Just a little forced, but overall a great job of casting & acting.
1192	lmanion	2012-04-17	I watched season 1 before getting onto the books but I have never seen Varys as anyone other than the guy playing him, all the other characters even from S1 I have imagined differently apart from Varys the guy is brilliant!
1193	Magjee	2012-04-17	Conleth Hill IS Varys.
He's perfect at the part.
1194	Tadco26	2012-04-17	Agreed.  Both the actor and the writing for Varys have been perfect and what changes they have made to dialogue has fit the spirit of the character, in contrast to the writing for Littlefinger which I feel has been considerably off in some scenes.
1195	Fredwin	2012-04-17	I think he is doing a great job with it, ironically, I think the scene with Tyrion and Shae was one of his weaker ones as it appeared he was trying to be Varys, rather than just letting it come out.  Just a little forced, but overall a great job of casting & acting.She really brings his character down. I don't care if people have problems with Asha, at least she follows the plot properly. Not only was Shae miscast but her character arc has been written so poorly thus far. This is the only aspect of the show that I'm not sure they'll be able to redeem.
1196	Lies And Perfidy	2012-04-17	I think I laughed harder at Varys's reaction to "I'm marrying Myrcella to Theon Greyjoy" than I have at anything on this show. Hill's facial expression was just perfect, and I'm still looking for a screencap I can use for all the many "You can't be serious" moments I encounter on the Internet.
Dude's one of the best supporting actors on the show.
1197	Chelly	2012-04-17	I think I laughed harder at Varys's reaction to "I'm marrying Myrcella to Theon Greyjoy" than I have at anything on this show. Hill's facial expression was just perfect, and I'm still looking for a screencap I can use for all the many "You can't be serious" moments I encounter on the Internet.Dude's one of the best supporting actors on the show.Lol. Yeah I laughed at that too. Also chiming in to join the Conleth Hill love. He completely embodies Varys, which is pretty damn impressive considering how little we know of Varys.
1198	TheKingofSkagos	2012-04-17	Of all the characters and how I imagined them on the show his is the closest portrayal of any character.  The way he talks, looks, and acts is spot on with what I imagined.  At the opposite spectrum is Asha/Yara.  She is nothing like I imagined.
1199	Thendel	2012-04-17	Actually, Hill's portrayal of Varys feels much less feminine than book-Varys was. Which is, to me, quite a bonus, given that I found the powdered cheeks and tittering over the top (which leads many, I suspect, to assume that he isn't truly a eunuch). Tv-Varys OTH, doesn't feel the need to scream "I am eunuch, therefore I act like a girl!" in everything he does.
1200	teemo	2012-04-17	I think Conleth Hill is so good and such a convincing Varys (like EXACTLY what I pictured from the book), that sometimes we just take him for granted and he doesn't get the credit he deserves.  You're awesome, Conleth!  And if he ever doesn't come across quite right in a scene that Shae's in, it's her fault, not his.
1201	BlackTalon	2012-04-17	he is brilliant.
If I ever see Conleth Hill in modern clothes I know I will think "Aha, Varys is dressing up again"
1202	The Non-Human	2012-04-17	Actually, Hill's portrayal of Varys feels much less feminine than book-Varys was. Which is, to me, quite a bonus, given that I found the powdered cheeks and tittering over the top (which leads many, I suspect, to assume that he isn't truly a eunuch). Tv-Varys OTH, doesn't feel the need to scream "I am eunuch, therefore I act like a girl!" in everything he does.I thought he did those things in the book, not to scream "I am eunuch," but to make himself appear inoffensive, and vulnerable, or something to that effect. Really just one of the many disguises he plays. But on topic, yes, I agree very much. The guy really does Varys well!
1203	redriver	2012-04-17	I hope he wins some awards for his portrayal.
1204	Abaddon	2012-04-17	We haven't seen much in the way of the crazy disguises Varys has in the books, which I miss.  But Hill plays the character itself to perfection.  The casting on this show is generally great, but Hill is special.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 17 April 2012 - 04:38 PM.
1205	Si Targaryen	2012-04-17	Conleth's is one of my favourite performances in the series. Very pleased to see his name is now on the opening title credits.
1206	Net-Viper X	2012-04-17	The guy does an incredible job and really does become the role. I also think the actors name is really cool/bizarre and sounds just like a name you would hear in the books. What a trip it would be if at the end of the series they exposed the true identity of Varys and used the actors name for Varys' true identity. That name just fits.
A bit off topic but I noticed someone mention all the cheek powder and makeup he wears in the book. This might be wrong, but I always got the feeling that all that makup is what made him look so soft and baby faced, and underneath he was very rough faced and scarred. Thats how he could change his appearance so easily into a rough stubbly and scarred goaler in the dungeon, all he did was wash the makeup off and not shave that morning. Of course he couldn't grow stubble on his face at all if he was castrated as a child, so that opens a whole other can of worms. Since the show seems to cover details not given in the books, maybe we will get some additional insight into the true nature of Varys as the seasons pan out.
1207	Davos55	2012-04-17	He is brilliant! I hope he gets a lot more credit after this season, and some nominations and awards go his way! Very, very happy with him!
1208	Kaldaur	2012-04-18	Another thumbs up for him. This has been my favorite episode of the season, mostly because we had so much Tyrion and Varys time. Keep it coming!
1209	Crown	2012-04-18	I'm a huge fan of Conleth Hill as Varys, his mysterious voice and appearance, he's perfect for the role.
1210	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-18	Very much have to agree, he's fantastic as Varys.
1211	MegasAV	2012-04-18	Clearly great acting by HIl, moreover the dialogue written for him is true to the book character.  I defy anyone to name a character truer to what George Martin envisioned when writing his masterpieces.
1212	End of Disc One	2012-04-18	In the books I always respected Varys but he irked me with his "titter"ing.  Maybe I'm just not used to that word.  But yeah, fantastic in the show and I'm glad everyone can agree on that.
Books: LF>Varys.  Show: Varys>LF.
I also loved how he didn't believe Tyrion for one second about sending Myrcella to marry Theon.
1213	Mark Antony	2012-04-19	wonder if Conleth has read the books.
1214	DirtyRobes	2012-04-19	He's Perfectly cast.
Brilliant as Varys.
He's chemistry with Dinklage(the another perfectly cast character) is incredible to watch.
"The big fish eat the little fish and I keep on paddling"
and his expression "who threatened you?"
1215	Auska	2012-04-19	I have to agree. I'd almost say he's better than even Dinklage, but realistically they're about the same. And together? Fuhgeddaboudit!
1216	imbs	2012-04-19	It gladdens my heart to see such a champion getting some recognition /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
He really is portraying varys well. Some of my favorite parts of last season were the conversations he had with littlefinger.
1217	Lord Varys	2012-04-19	I'm really looking forward to Varys telling Tyrion about his cutting, and the growing 'friendship' between theses two...
1218	starki	2012-04-19	He is good. Tyrion steals the show, of course, after Nedd's absence. But this line is the best of the series so far."The big fish eat the little fish and I keep on paddling" PERFECT.
					
					
							Edited by starki, 19 April 2012 - 12:57 PM.
1219	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-19	In the books I always respected Varys but he irked me with his "titter"ing.  Maybe I'm just not used to that word.  But yeah, fantastic in the show and I'm glad everyone can agree on that.I agree wholeheartedly.  I think Conleth's portrayal has given a dignity to Varys that is not always present in the books.I also loved how he didn't believe Tyrion for one second about sending Myrcella to marry Theon.That little mouth twitch was stunning.  He is a great actor.  I love him to bits.
1220	Trinket2	2012-04-21	I agree, he's very good. I feel like I tend to forget him because he does his role so perfectly you don't really reflect over the fact that he's there. It doesn't feel like he's an actor in a tv-show, he IS Varys.
1221	Lady Lilac	2012-04-21	He's definitely one of the best casting choices. One thing I kind of miss is that he doesn't seem to play dress-up as much in the show, but aside from that the interpretation is great. Seriously when Tyrion was talking about giving Myrcella to the Greyjoys you could see it on his face he wasn't buying the story XD
Also, his interaction with Tyrion is pure gold.
1222	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-04-21	"Storms come and go, the big fish eat the little fish, and i keep on paddling."
I just love that man.
1223	BlackTalon	2012-04-22	His performance is even more reamrkable when you do a Google Picture search for him ... in almost every picture he has a thick mop of longish salt-and-pepper hair and a great bushy mustache. How anyone on the casting team could spot "Varys" underneath that exterior is beyond me.
1224	Planetary	2012-04-22	I think he is doing a great job with it, ironically, I think the scene with Tyrion and Shae was one of his weaker ones as it appeared he was trying to be Varys, rather than just letting it come out.  Just a little forced, but overall a great job of casting & acting.I agree, and what was with the bit about "fish pie"? That's like clubbing us over the head and saying, "See?! He's gay, aren't we so clever for simply alluding to it?"
1225	wandering	2013-04-10	He's not actually bald. For a man his age to let someone shave his head completely once a year...that is bravery.
1226	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-12	Conleth is easily one of the best casting choices the show has made. His delivery of the line "I wish we could too" when Tyrion says he wishes they could converse as friends was perfection. I'm really looking forward to either more Tyrion/Varys scenes this season, and the one he has with Olenna.
1227	teemo	2012-04-15	Since I know this will most likely be a fairly common complaint/debate, thought it would it would be a good idea to go ahead and make this into a thread.  So - is Brienne as hideous as you imagined?  And how did she do?  She prepped so much for this part, so I am expecting a lot.
1228	congokong	2012-04-15	I knew she wouldn't be as ugly as the books (same with Tyrion). Still, she'll do.
1229	scurvy	2012-04-15	Very good portrayal.  I loved seeing her stride next to Lady Stark.  She was huge.  Very well cast.
1230	Mya Stone	2012-04-15	Since I know this will most likely be a fairly common complaint/debate, thought it would it would be a good idea to go ahead and make this into a thread.  So - is Brienne as hideous as you imagined?  And how did she do?  She prepped so much for this part, so I am expecting a lot.Absolutely amazing. Quite the presence. I can't wait to watch this with my non-book-reader sister to see if she gasps when her helm comes off to reveal that she's a she. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1231	Lady Octarina	2012-04-15	She's close to what I had in mind. And awkward. Also as stubborn as in the books. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
Only it seems to me she has too intelligent a countenance, whereas in the books she looks stupid, but, blah! The actress was so completely perfect I'm happy to overlook such irrelevant details!
1232	Menos Grande	2012-04-15	I thought Asha Greyjoy uglier than Brienne in the series... wierd since I was hoping that she was a hottie for all the man that she seduced in the book
1233	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	Lady Stark did a bang-up job of expressionless WTF at the first sight of Brienne unhelmed.  The same non-expression she employed in her encounter with Walder Frey.
I 'felt' for Brienne, the character and the actor.  She is, to the feminine, the same as Tyrion is to the masculine.  Tyrion was supposed to be born tall, muscular, imposing and fierce.  Brienne was supposed to be born feminine, submissive, smaller.  Each has grown up with, and MF-ing DEALT with, their lot in life.  Brienne, you go, girl!
 /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1234	Katydid	2012-04-15	Gwendoline Christie is a beautiful girl, so I wondered what they'd do to try and "ugly her up" for the part of Brienne.  She's got the physical presence, easily.  She's said in interviews that she's read the books, loved the character, and was interested in the part before she was even considered for it, so her understanding of Brienne is going to add to her portrayal.
She's certainly not as ugly as Brienne is described in the books, but they still managed to make Gwen look mannish and unattractive.  Her mannerisms were spot-on, and as long as she does justice to the role, I'm happy!
1235	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	I thought Asha Greyjoy uglier than Brienne in the series... wierd since I was hoping that she was a hottie for all the man that she seduced in the bookHonestly, must we define Every. Single. Female. In. The. Series. by how 'hot' she is?  Is this the 1960s?  Asha is a strong, smart, fierce PIRATE.  Perhaps 'all the men that she seduced in the book' found that... hot?  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1236	dayman	2012-04-15	Fantastic better than my imagination.
1237	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-15	None of the characters really match their exact description in the books.  I'm more concerned with how they are portrayed on the screen rather than how well the make-up department did. 
Gwen totally rocked it.  She's believable as a fierce warrior utterly loyal and in love with Renly.  She's believable as a lady not comfortable with the path she is supposed to take.  My non book reader sister was shocked by Brienne.  She expected Selmy or the Hound or the Mountain.  But she also totally 'got' the character.  I'm very excited about future Brienne scenes.
1238	Katydid	2012-04-15	Gwen totally rocked it.  She's believable as a fierce warrior utterly loyal and in love with Renly.  She's believable as a lady not comfortable with the path she is supposed to take.  My non book reader sister was shocked by Brienne.  She expected Selmy or the Hound or the Mountain.  But she also totally 'got' the character.  I'm very excited about future Brienne scenes.Pretty much all of this, exactly.Watching her on screen w/Nik, getting the Jaime/Brienne banter going - - that's gonna be fun!!
1239	JayDubya	2012-04-15	Yeah, I thought that Christie was pretty much perfect.
1240	Bastard Walder	2012-04-15	Honestly, must we define Every. Single. Female. In. The. Series. by how 'hot' she is?  Is this the 1960s?  Asha is a strong, smart, fierce PIRATE.  Perhaps 'all the men that she seduced in the book' found that... hot?  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />People do this with the male characters too. Jon Snow and Robb Stark, come on. Tyrion not being ugly enough, Renly not being handsome enough?
1241	Lord Godric	2012-04-15	I don't care how ugly she is, that woman is MASSIVE! and is certainly the perfect Brienne.
1242	Net-Viper X	2012-04-15	She wasn't nearly as ugly as the books, but then few women are. Her size and appearance none the less fit the bill perfectly for me, I thought she was awesome. She wore that plate armor better than I would have ever imagined and filled it out quite well. Can't wait to see more of her.
1243	teemo	2012-04-15	She was perfect!!!  I knew she would be.
And this Asha ugly stuff is really, really starting to get old and annoying.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 15 April 2012 - 10:37 PM.
1244	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-15	Brienne was not described as quasimoto. Sheis just a woman who looks like a man. Face and size.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 15 April 2012 - 10:49 PM.
1245	Darth Pipes	2012-04-15	I thought GC was perfect as Brienne.  Tall, powerful, arkward.  Brienne is not as ugly as she is in the book but she looks unattractive enough for men to mock her.  I look forward to seeing more of the character.
1246	Dacie	2012-04-15	Thought she did a great job. Looks, actions, attitude very similar to how I imagined.
1247	Envie	2012-04-15	I don't care how ugly she is, that woman is MASSIVE! and is certainly the perfect Brienne. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Holy CRAP that is a big woman! I'm pretty sure they did some clever camera trickery ... I'm going to have to look up the actress but I don't think she's over 6ft tall like Brienne is...I like the portrayal so far, she seems perfect. No, her teeth aren't bucked like described in the book, but her hair (straw like and chopped short) as well as a broad manly face seem fitting.I don't know about anyone else, but when she took her helm off when Renly asked her to approach, I was cheering in my chair!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1248	_Oberyn_	2012-04-15	Well most most of the time she seems to stand,walk and talk "like a cow" so perfect /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Holy CRAP that is a big woman! I'm pretty sure they did some clever camera trickery ... I'm going to have to look up the actress but I don't think she's over 6ft tall like Brienne is... I think is the people around her that are not very tall.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 15 April 2012 - 11:31 PM.
1249	Ser Hippie	2012-04-15	The actress is 6'3" if I remember right. I thought she was exactly what I was hoping for.
1250	Envie	2012-04-15	I think is the people around her that are not very tall.Catelyn Stark must be mighty short then, because when standing next to her, Brienne towered over her by a foot or more!
1251	Indigocell	2012-04-15	Looks right to me, tall, awkward, powerful.  I believed in her strength while watching her fight Loras, and she's only going to get better since hers is one of the more action heavy roles.
I always found Brienne the most difficult to picture while reading the books, so I'm thankful for Gwendoline's portrayal.  She became a favorite of mine and like the others I can't wait to see the Jaime and Brienne banter. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1252	Indigocell	2012-04-15	Catelyn Stark must be mighty short then, because when standing next to her, Brienne towered over her by a foot or more!6'3" vs 5'5" puts it into perspective.
					
					
							Edited by Indigocell, 15 April 2012 - 11:44 PM.
1253	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-15	Very good portrayal.  I loved seeing her stride next to Lady Stark.  She was huge.  Very well cast.That was an excellent use of forced perspective.  It made Cat almost look like a halfling.I thought Asha Greyjoy uglier than Brienne in the series... wierd since I was hoping that she was a hottie for all the man that she seduced in the bookI thought that Asha (Yara) should have more angular features, lithe and pointed, much like the iron islands.  The TV character looks too soft to be married to an axe.For Brienne, I am glad they didn't try to pick someone almost cartoonishly ugly, but made her gait and mannerism rough and ungainly to seem less attractive.
1254	Envie	2012-04-15	6'3" vs 5'5" puts it into perspective.Indeed! That's remarkable they found a good actress who is also the required size too. I'm SO looking forward to Brienne's story playing out in the series now she's introduced. She's always been one of my favorite.GO BRIENNE THE BEAUTY!
1255	Howdyphillip	2012-04-15	I now have the same crush on Gwendolyn Christie as I had while reading the book Brienne, so I am going to say they nailed the role.
1256	Morrigan	2012-04-15	Holy CRAP that is a big woman! I'm pretty sure they did some clever camera trickery ... I'm going to have to look up the actress but I don't think she's over 6ft tall like Brienne is...She's 6'3". But I thought she looked even taller than that on-screen. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> Anyway, I thought her looks AND mannerisms were spot-on. I had my doubts cause I thought the actress was too pretty, but the early screenshots had convinced me that my worries were unfounded, and now I see that she's acting Brienne really nicely too. Great casting job!
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 April 2012 - 12:00 AM.
1257	Frumpus	2012-04-16	They definitely utilized some camera tricks to make Brienne look taller than her actress is. IIRC the book Brienne is supposed to be close to 7 feet tall, so it makes sense for them to employ additional camera tricks.
1258	James Arryn	2012-04-16	Great, imo. 
Only caveat being that in the books her devotion to Renly is written on her face for all to see, in the show it was only written in the script.
But way better overall that I expected.
1259	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-16	Lady Stark did a bang-up job of expressionless WTF at the first sight of Brienne unhelmed.  The same non-expression she employed in her encounter with Walder Frey.I 'felt' for Brienne, the character and the actor.  She is, to the feminine, the same as Tyrion is to the masculine.  Tyrion was supposed to be born tall, muscular, imposing and fierce.  Brienne was supposed to be born feminine, submissive, smaller.  Each has grown up with, and MF-ing DEALT with, their lot in life.  Brienne, you go, girl! /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />I've never thought of the Brienne and Tyrion in this way but it makese perfect sense. There are a lot of supposed to be's in the series, both books and show, but this was something I never picked up on.I thought Brienne was great. I loved her armor and I think they did a great job of stating Brienne's devotion. Brienne is trying to embody the romantic notion of a knight and she's the only one who truly does.
1260	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-04-16	6'3" vs 5'5" puts it into perspective.I'm 5'4" and one of my friends is 6'1", we sure look a bit funny together /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1261	CloudFlare	2012-04-16	Brienne's actress is absolutely great in the role, but she's far prettier than book Brienne in my opinion. All of her close shots can't hide that she's an attractive women, even with short hair and a muddy face.
Loved this episode. Staying on Westeros made the story flow much better. I loved the Shae/Sansa switch. They had a weird power struggle going on, which felt natural. I hope we get to see Shae's backstory, from her mannerisms she seems highborn to me.
Edit: I didn't like the changes to the fight between Yoren and his boys and Lorch's. In the book, they were in a small holdfast, so it made sense for them to fight. In the show they were out in the open, and their leader was killed before the fight began. I think they would have yielded very quickly in that situation.
					
					
							Edited by Scent of Bacon, 16 April 2012 - 01:07 AM.
1262	Indigocell	2012-04-16	I'm 5'4" and one of my friends is 6'1", we sure look a bit funny together /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm about 6'2" but most of the people I stand around are relatively tall as well, so I don't feel tall at all!I'm assuming they take advantage of every trick in the book to make Brienne look taller with high boots and camera perspectives and such.  I think hers would have been one of the most difficult to cast given her unusual appearance, they clearly hit their mark.
1263	evilknick	2012-04-16	Brienne was never described as being hideous. She is supposed to be large and masculine with a slightly big mouth. It's supposed to be a subtle ugliness that you're supposed to be able to eventually find pretty in some context if you warm up to her. I swear, so many people that talk about this series don't seem to understand subtle appearances, as if attractiveness and ugliness was a binary issue.
1264	Ser Chuck	2012-04-16	I knew they were going to be spot on with her when I heard how much she impressed at her audition. This is someone who really understands her character having set out to get that specific part. Generally all of the casting has been impressive from the start.
1265	Lord Ben	2012-04-16	I thought Asha Greyjoy uglier than Brienne in the series... wierd since I was hoping that she was a hottie for all the man that she seduced in the bookYou don't have to be a hottie to seduce men.   For some of us, me for sure, it's far more about attitude than clothing and beauty.   Whoever that actress is has swagger and confidence in spades.   When I look at her I think She doesn't dress up because she doesn't give a shit what I think and doesn't need to prove it to me!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	 Great casting.Brienne seemed a bit overdone to me, the scene where she's walking with Caitlyn you could tell they were using camera tricks with her standing in front of her by quite a bit to make her look taller and bigger.   The cheap camera tricks took away a bit for me.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ben, 16 April 2012 - 02:28 AM.
1266	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-16	She was pretty great. She towered over Catlyn.
1267	Morrigan	2012-04-16	Brienne was never described as being hideous. She is supposed to be large and masculine with a slightly big mouth. It's supposed to be a subtle ugliness that you're supposed to be able to eventually find pretty in some context if you warm up to her. I swear, so many people that talk about this series don't seem to understand subtle appearances, as if attractiveness and ugliness was a binary issue....No. She IS supposed to be really homely. The only thing she has going for her are her big, bright blue eyes.I swear, so many people that talk about this series don't seem to even remember what the books said:Beauty, they called her . . . mocking. The hair beneath the visor was a squirrelâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nest of dirty straw, and her face . . . Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes were large and very blue, a young girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes, trusting and guileless, but the rest . . . her features were broad and coarse, her teeth prominent and crooked, her mouth too wide, her lips so plump they seemed swollen. A thousand freckles speckled her cheeks and brow, and her nose had been broken more than once. Pity filled Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heart. Is there any creature on earth as unfortunate as an ugly woman?And the rest of the series she's routinely mocked for her appearance. Anyway, I think the show did the character justice. She wasn't "TV ugly", but they gave the actress the Charlize Theron treatment, and it worked great.
1268	Currawong	2012-04-16	Brienne seemed a bit overdone to me, the scene where she's walking with Caitlyn you could tell they were using camera tricks with her standing in front of her by quite a bit to make her look taller and bigger. The cheap camera tricks took away a bit for me.Suggest you go read the interviews with Gwenoline Christie to see how much she physically prepared for the part, including putting on a lot of the right sort of muscle, and the type of training she did so that she actually moved properly.  They don't rely on fancy camera angles - believe it or not, the woman can ACT and has done the homework.   And her comments about the role of Brienne shows that she 100% gets the character.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 16 April 2012 - 02:39 AM.
1269	sennahoj	2012-04-16	It was as good an introduction of a new character as any in the series. Christie's portrayal was great, movement, presence and all. If I hadn't known the big knight was a woman, I wouldn't have guessed it from the choreography of the fight. And I suppose for many people who hadn't read the books beforehand, the reveal must have been as surprising as for Cately Stark.
1270	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	ItÂ´s one thing to write something in a book, itÂ´s something entirely different when you do tv / movies and have to find an actor that suits the partIs Brienne ugly enough - not reallyIs the Mountain big enough - not reallyIs Illyrio Mopatis fat enough - not reallyIs Samwell Tarly fat enough - not reallyIs Jaime Lannister hot enough - yes, yes he isBut OT: I think Brienne looked and acted great and I canÂ´t wait to see more of here, especially with Jaime"the wench does not like to be reminded that she is a wench" lol
1271	strifed169	2012-04-16	Shes too freakin big, seriously, like a giant, whats going to happen when she has her fight with Jaime? shes going to make him look like Tyrion
1272	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	Shes too freakin big, seriously, like a giant, whats going to happen when she has her fight with Jaime? shes going to make him look like TyrionIMDB lists "Brienne" as 6,3 and "Jaime" as 6,2Â1
1273	Raylan Stark	2012-04-16	Shes too freakin big, seriously, like a giant, whats going to happen when she has her fight with Jaime? shes going to make him look like TyrionI think GC is the same height as NCW (6'3'' give or take).  It seemed to me that they may have even had her wearing boots to raise her height another inch or 2.If she's a little taller than Jaime, that could be fun anyway.I think she did a fantastic job as Brienne so far.  does she completely look the part?  Physically, yes.  Very much.  But I still see a pretty face beneath that sour puss, unwashed face, and short, stringy hair.  But... that's just fine.  She more than makes up for it with her demeanor, body language, movement, etc.Contrast that to Yara who still can't pull off Asha.  Forget appearance.  She slouches.  Her body language is submissive despite what her words are.  She has none of Asha's playfulness, warmth, or even her arrogance and cockiness.  She just reverts to sullen, somber, or angry.  So far, this portrayal is not very compelling or accurate.Brienne is spot on.
					
					
							Edited by Raylan Stark, 16 April 2012 - 04:15 AM.
1274	strifed169	2012-04-16	I think GC is the same height as NCW (6'3'' give or take).  It seemed to me that they may have even had her wearing boots to raise her height another inch or 2.If she's a little taller than Jaime, that could be fun anyway.I think she did a fantastic job as Brienne so far.  does she completely look the part?  Physically, yes.  Very much.  But I still see a pretty face beneath that sour puss, unwashed face, and short, stringy hair.  But... that's just fine.  She more than makes up for it with her demeanor, body language, movement, etc.Contrast that to Yara who still can't pull off Asha.  Forget appearance.  She slouches.  Her body language is submissive despite what her words are.  She has none of Asha's playfulness, warmth, or even her arrogance and cockiness.  She just reverst to sullen, somber, or angry.  So far, this portrayal is not very compelling or accurate.Brienne is spot on.Couldn't agree more with Yara, it becomes even more glaring when you have the actor whos playing Theon act with such emotion. The best characters in the series for me taht have come to life are Theon, Yoren, Arya, Jaime and now Brieene.
1275	teemo	2012-04-16	She's going to be great...she is taking this role VERY seriously.  She used to be very feminine, wore lots of make-up, blah, blah, and for this she went through an entire transformation.  Started working out rigorously and read the books and actually studied Brienne so that she could truly understand her character.  I love it when the actors read the books.  Then she even cried when she cut off her hair - it was so hard for her!  She deserves major props for this.  She was great.  And no, she's not absolutely hideous, but she wasn't a supermodel, thank R'hollor.  My boyfriend, totally oblivious to most of the stuff in the show, I asked him "Just tell me your honest opinion, because this girl is supposed to be ugly.  What do you think of her?"  He said, "Well, she's not pretty at all, to be honest."  I think she is just great, I LOVE HER!  Two new main girls this season (her and Margaery) and I love them both.
1276	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-04-16	Perfect cast, I had a plumper and shorter version on my mind when reading the books but I don't have any complaints. Good job.
1277	David Selig	2012-04-16	She was fantastic. The way she walked and carried herself was really spot on.
1278	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	Thought GC was a perfect cast for the part.  They didn't overdo her obsession with Renly, she moved, held herself and showed she understands how others view her.  Only thing I didn't like had nothing to do with her - there were no comments from the crowd (that I heard) about "Brienne the Beauty" which would have just knocked the scene out of the park.
1279	Magjee	2012-04-16	I think it works well.
1280	boojam	2012-04-16	Gwendoline Christie is a beautiful girl, so I wondered what they'd do to try and "ugly her up" for the part of Brienne.  She's got the physical presence, easily.  She's said in interviews that she's read the books, loved the character, and was interested in the part before she was even considered for it, so her understanding of Brienne is going to add to her portrayal.She's certainly not as ugly as Brienne is described in the books, but they still managed to make Gwen look mannish and unattractive.  Her mannerisms were spot-on, and as long as she does justice to the role, I'm happy!I think I will repeat this for the 10th time.Geroge's physical portrait of Brienne in the books is inconsistent.First it's a cartoony version that varies, then by ASoS .... Jamie is always calling her Homely.People just don't seem to pay attention to the prose.I think all they could do with Gwen was to make her homely.But it was  Brienne physicality and prowess that made men (I guess women too) deride her, she shoulders her psychological burden well. In fact it's heart breaking.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2012 - 08:15 AM.
1281	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-16	Incredibly difficult casting job pulled off remarkably well.  To be honest, i wasn't expecting anything close to what I'd envisioned in the books for Brienne, but Gwen Christie's look, demeanor and presence blew me away in this episode.  A very pleasant surprise.
1282	Kaitscralt	2012-04-16	She's perfect.
1283	Katydid	2012-04-16	Shes too freakin big, seriously, like a giant, whats going to happen when she has her fight with Jaime? shes going to make him look like TyrionHer fight with Jaime is going to be perfect.  In the books, she's described as the same height/shape as him, and during their fight in the creek, he realizes "she's stronger than I am."  He's weakened from being held captive and is fighting in irons, but they still give it a good go! /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />I think all they could do with Gwen was to make her homely.But it was  Brienne physicality and prowess that made men (I guess women too) deride her, she shoulders her psychological burden well. In fact it's heart breaking.Catlyn deliberately refers to her as "an ugly woman."  I was thinking they'd at least put some false teeth in Gwen's mouth to make them more like Brienne's are described, but in the end, it won't matter.  People who haven't read the books immediately got the point - Brienne is a freakishly large, powerful woman, and there will be plenty more scenes where we see characters reacting negatively to her.I expect there will be some zingers from Jaime when he first sees her.  Which we didn't get to hear in the book.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1284	The GreatRon	2012-04-16	Thought she was perfect, When she takes off the helm I thought thats Brienne of Tarth.  No complaints at all.
1285	Currawong	2012-04-16	In one of his interviews, GRRM describes Brienne as follows:-"Brienne is well over six feet tall, but not close to seven, no. Just off the top of my head, I would say Brienne is taller than Renly and Jaime and significantly heavier than either, but nowhere near the size of Gregor Clegane, who is the true giant in the series. Shorter than Hodor and the Greatjon, maybe a bit shorter than the Hound, maybe roughly the same height as Robert. Brienne is a huge, homely woman, a freak of nature by the standards of her own world and timesâ<U+0080>¦ they can't explain her, and neither should I."So in reply to an earlier post complaining that she should be around 7 feet high - no, she isn't and she shouldn't be.  And as GRRM said with respect to the auditions, GC came in and she wasn't just 'reading for the role' of Brienne, she came in and she WAS Brienne.    Give me an actor who can act, and who totally gets a role, over one who merely gets the part on his/her appearance.
1286	boojam	2012-04-16	Her fight with Jaime is going to be perfect.  In the books, she's described as the same height/shape as him, and during their fight in the creek, he realizes "she's stronger than I am."  He's weakened from being held captive and is fighting in irons, but they still give it a good go!I just read that scene again, and I don't remember George saying a thing about her being same height as Jamie.Jamie is one of the greatest swordsmen in Westeros, and that scene plays out wonderfully as he begins to realize he is being bested by a woman. In fact that fight is what gets them caught by the Brave Companions.Jamie , at one point, wish that both he and Brienne had swords, they could have taken out more than half of the Brave Companions, he now has so much respect for her that he would be proud to die at her side.Jamie, as we know, becomes a very complex character, as poor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau keeps trying to point out.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2012 - 08:27 AM.
1287	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-16	She looks close enough to what I imagined her to look like. Yes, I think they made a good choice for Brienne.
1288	Fredwin	2012-04-16	I just read that scene again, and I don't remember George saying a thing about her being same height as Jamie.Jamie is one of the greatest swordsmen in Westeros, and that scene plays out wonderfully as he begins to realize he is being bested by a woman. In fact that fight is what gets them caught by the Brave Companions.Jamie , at one point, wish that both he and Brienne had swords, they could have taken out more than half of the Brave Companions, he now has so much respect for her that he would be proud to die at her side.Jamie, as we know, becomes a very complex character, as poor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau keeps trying to point out.I hope they can pull off Jamie's subtle change in attitude towards her/people in general with so little time and no internal PoV to do it.
1289	Tourniquet	2012-04-16	She was perfect.
1290	kungtotte	2012-04-16	This is all I could think of when she was on screen.As far as her book-size goes:Brienne is well over six feet tall, but not close to seven, no. Just off the top of my head, I would say Brienne is taller than Renly and Jaime and significantly heavier than either, but nowhere near the size of Gregor Clegane, who is the true giant in the series. Shorter than Hodor and the Greatjon, maybe a bit shorter than the Hound, maybe roughly the same height as Robert.That's George himself speaking, by the way.If memory serves, Jaime's words when he thinks about her is that she is "almost as tall as the Hound".
1291	Chelly	2012-04-16	She looked fantastic and she played Brienne exactly how I imagined her in the books. I never thought Brienne to be freak type ugly, just sort of homely and mannish along with the fact that she's built like a man. The actress definitely had the presence and no nonsense attitude that Brienne had when we first meet her.
1292	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-16	I thought both Brienne and Asha/Yara were spot on.  To those who were hoping Asha would be drop dead gorgeous, I can only say, "she's a Greyjoy"!
1293	Balefont	2012-04-16	Honestly, must we define Every. Single. Female. In. The. Series. by how 'hot' she is?Like X 1,000,000
1294	Dementia	2012-04-16	Squeeee!  Gwendolyn is *perfect*.  Her devotion is obvious.  When Renly and Cat were walking towards the tent, I said " I bet Brienne will be right behind".  Then she shows up a second later.  I love her expressions, her movement.  I can not imagine a more perfect casting.
1295	wolverine	2012-04-16	Other than Tyrion (and maybe The Mountain),  this is probably the most difficult casting for the series to date and I think they nailed it.
Could she be uglier to match the books?  Sure but that is a pretty small complaint.  I do picture Brienne being a little thicker than Cristie, but again, small complaint.
Great job by the Maid of Tarth!
1296	ace	2012-04-16	I'd say she's TV ugly. In other words she's about as ugly as anyone on a screen is allowed to be.
1297	tearloch	2012-04-16	I though Brienne was perfectly matched on screen compared to my mental image.  I never really took her as being hideous in the traditional sense.  Again, since all of this is through POVs, I took her descriptions from the male POVs as being hideous because of her size.  She is not shapely like a typical woman.  Check.  She is intimidating for men, not just by her shear size, but because she carries herself like a man, and is a very skilled warrior.  Much like teenage boys are ruthless to a girl that is a better athlete than they are, Brienne is ridiculed by the men of the series because they are intimidated by her, and "bend the truth" of her looks.  If you think about it, the only male POV that seems kind to Brienne in the books is Jaime, because for him, he is not intimidated by her.  He is impressed with her, both as a warrior and a person.  Remember, it was partly due to her dialogue about honor of being knight that sort of reverts Jaime back to what he wanted to be as a child.....
On Yara, I think too many (me included) pictured her in the Pirates of the Caribbean view.  That is not the Greyjoys.  They are more Viking.  She fits perfect with that imagery.  Also, the Iron Islands are known for being a very hard place.  Having some exotic beauty from there would make no sense.  She is who she is because of her skill, not her looks.  Her character on screen is slowly developing, and I am sure once we see her in action (attacking the North) you will see the fire and charisma come out.
1298	wolverine	2012-04-16	I though Brienne was perfectly matched on screen compared to my mental image.  I never really took her as being hideous in the traditional sense.  Again, since all of this is through POVs, I took her descriptions from the male POVs as being hideous because of her size.  She is not shapely like a typical woman.  Check.  She is intimidating for men, not just by her shear size, but because she carries herself like a man, and is a very skilled warrior.  Much like teenage boys are ruthless to a girl that is a better athlete than they are, Brienne is ridiculed by the men of the series because they are intimidated by her, and "bend the truth" of her looks.I believe our first descriptions of her comes from a Catelyn POV and is one of the least kind descriptions as far as her ugliness is concerned.
1299	Xtopher	2012-04-16	Just to be sure...
Was it her who fought with Loras or was it a stuntman? What did you think? cause in retrospective it seemed as it was actually a guy fighting and only after Renly asks her to approach it switches to her,
1300	Oberyn King	2012-04-16	She may not be ugly, but she did a perfect job.
1301	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-16	Since I know this will most likely be a fairly common complaint/debate, thought it would it would be a good idea to go ahead and make this into a thread. So - is Brienne as hideous as you imagined? And how did she do? She prepped so much for this part, so I am expecting a lot.Well,  she didn't look like Brienne in the books but I think she was very good. She felt like the character from the book despite "not being ugly enough". Well casted and well acted (unlike yara/asha).BTW, Is she really that tall?
					
					
							Edited by Giscard Reventlov, 16 April 2012 - 11:21 AM.
1302	Cryler	2012-04-16	I'm 6'8" and now in love with Gwendoline Christie /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1303	Cryler	2012-04-16	Just to be sure...Was it her who fought with Loras or was it a stuntman? What did you think? cause in retrospective it seemed as it was actually a guy fighting and only after Renly asks her to approach it switches to her,She said in an interview she took kick boxing and sword fighting lessons so I would assume it was her.
1304	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-16	I'm a big Brienne fan, and was looking forward to this episode for her entrance. That being said, I picture her differently than the actress, but that isn't a big deal. Tha'ts common in these cases. I do like the actress's look though & am looking forward to her scenes.
1305	kungtotte	2012-04-16	From Wikipedia:Her striking height, 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m), motivated photographer Polly Borland to make her the subject of a noted series of photographs.
1306	Aegnor	2012-04-16	I remember reading an interview by Rory McCann where he says he fought in a golden helm, which was confusing as it is doubtful the Hound would fight in some other helm besides his dog's head helm. In the fight scene we saw Brienne with a golden helm. I'm thinking that it was actually Rory McCann we saw fighting as Brienne.
1307	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-16	For all those wondering why Tyrion is not ugly enough, 
	Spoiler dont worry just read the books or wait for the conclusion of 'The Battle of Blackwater'; he will get uglier

					
					
							Edited by LorsEdrick, 16 April 2012 - 03:42 PM.
1308	Umel of Ys	2012-04-16	I thought she looked like a giant albino Macaulay Culkin /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Also I am a little sad they don't pronounce her name Bry-een, that's the way Dotrice used to say it and I've always read it like that.
btw, is Dotrice still playing a pyromancer this season?
					
					
							Edited by Umel of Ys, 16 April 2012 - 02:12 PM.
1309	Rob Snow	2012-04-16	Brienne is spot on casting.  She looks every bit the part of the giant female knight who is hopelessly enamoured with Renly Baratheon.I am curious how her on screen chemistry will work out with Jamie Lannister.Dotrice is cast as a pyromancer??? Seriously???
					
					
							Edited by Rob Snow, 16 April 2012 - 02:22 PM.
1310	Pliny	2012-04-16	She was exactly as I'd pictured her. I also thought her awkward way of carrying herself was perfect as well.
I was watching with a few people who've not read the books (one who'd never seen the show before), and they were very surprised when it was revealed she was a she.
I wonder if her "ugliness" in the books had more to do with her being described from somebody else's perspective. What I mean is, characters in the book have the preconceived notions of what a Lady should be, and since Brienne's whole person violates those assumptions, they have a more pronounced negative reaction to her.
My sister-in-law, with whom I was watching the episode, is over 6' tall and commented, "that would be me back then" (meaning the middle ages).
1311	DemiNymph	2012-04-16	I thought she was great. I love how they tried to make Catelyn look like a hobbit standing next to her.
1312	Aegnor	2012-04-16	For all those wondering why Tyrion is not ugly enough, dont worry just read the books or wait for the conclusion of 'The Battle of Blackwater'; he will get uglierAs this is a book spoilers tagged thread, it is likely people reading this thread have read the books. Anyone not having read the books would have no reason to think Tyrion should be ugly. And if this weren't a book spoiler tagged thread, your comment would be a spoiler. And we have no idea if they will keep the part about him getting his nose cut off in or not.
1313	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-16	Gwendoline is an amazing Brienne. She's definitely unattractive enough to be ridiculed for her looks by the men who get insecure because a woman is such a good warrior. If Brienne had been a normal, but unattractive, lady people wouldn't be making fun of her like that. It's all about her being masculine and the insecurity of men.
Gwen has also gone to great lengths to prepare herself for the role. Even getting a personal trainer to mold her body into looking more masculine and emphasizing the muscles that a medieval warrior would use.
1314	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-16	Like a lot of characters so far she's a lot older than I imagined BookBrienne, but that would be my only "complaint"
					
					
							Edited by Drinking Cersei's Tears, 16 April 2012 - 07:54 PM.
1315	WinterWarrior	2012-04-16	Gwendolyn Christie is the perfect Brienne. She is exactly how I imagine Brienne in the books. I think she will be a powerful character throughout this season and all of the upcoming seasons. I can't wait to see more!
1316	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-16	You don't have to be a hottie to seduce men.   For some of us, me for sure, it's far more about attitude than clothing and beauty.   Whoever that actress is has swagger and confidence in spades.   When I look at her I think She doesn't dress up because she doesn't give a shit what I think and doesn't need to prove it to me!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	 Great casting.I'll agree with the start of your paragraph and disagree with it's conclusion. You're right, attitude has at least as much to do with attractiveness and charm as looks. And this actress not only doesn't have the looks, she doesn't show me the toughness, the charisma or the humor of the reaver princess I read about in the book. She plays Asha as a smirking creep who fawns on her father whenever he's nearby, replacing the Asha character's strength and wit with a sneer worthy of Draco Malfoy from the Harry Potter stories. So much of leadership is personal charisma. It was easy to believe that battle-hardened warriors would follow the young woman in the books. It's very hard to believe anyone would willingly follow the woman in the show. Bad casting, as has been the case for most of the characters IMHO.Brienne seemed a bit overdone to me, the scene where she's walking with Caitlyn you could tell they were using camera tricks with her standing in front of her by quite a bit to make her look taller and bigger.   The cheap camera tricks took away a bit for me.Brienne seemed like one of the better casting decisions in the show to me. When the part calls for a woman as big as Brienne is, options are limited. And yet, the actress captures all of Brienne's stoic strength and lack of social skills. Hopefully in future episodes she'll also be able to convey how deeply Brienne is infatuated with Renly and how much she feels the scorn cast on her by the men whose world she wants to be a part of.
1317	Leto Atreides	2012-04-16	I like the look of Brienne, but why did she walk so strangely? It was like if her armor didn't fit right and her legs couldn't bend.
1318	House Balstroko	2012-04-16	Very good portrayal. She isn't as ugly as in the books, but her charcater is spot on with how I imagined Brienne to behave.
1319	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-17	You don't have to be a hottie to seduce men.   For some of us, me for sure, it's far more about attitude than clothing and beauty.   Whoever that actress is has swagger and confidence in spades.   When I look at her I think She doesn't dress up because she doesn't give a shit what I think and doesn't need to prove it to me!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	 Great casting.Brienne seemed a bit overdone to me, the scene where she's walking with Caitlyn you could tell they were using camera tricks with her standing in front of her by quite a bit to make her look taller and bigger.   The cheap camera tricks took away a bit for me.I understand the point you are making, but this isn't LoTR. This may have seemed like they are employing forced perspective, but it's the first time in either season that I can think of where they have had a shot like that.They have not used one FP shot to show Tyrion being small... why would they start using it now to make Brienne look tall?Brienne did say "Follow me Lady Stark" or something like that. Having just met Brienne, Cat had every right to hold off a bit and trail at a distance, like "Do I really want to be seen in the company of this behemoth of a woman?" The scene encouraged us to concentrate on Brienne, not the already familiar Cat.
1320	teemo	2012-04-17	I didn't mind that camera view of Brienne.  It showed her massive size, and she is massive.  I thought it was all very well done,
1321	Brucolac	2012-04-17	I didn't like the way she sounded.  From reading the novels, I always got the impression she was just earnest and slightly naive, but she seemed to come off as overly rough from the few lines she had.
1322	Ser Sweets	2012-04-17	Brienne has been my favourite character in the books since I first encountered her, and I, like many, was initially dubious whether GC could do justice to the role. My initial thoughts were that she was too pretty or too lithe.Having watched the episode, I am thoroughly impressed with how Gwen handles the role. No, she isn't exactly how I pictured Brienne looking, but she acts perfectly. Every ounce of that woman is a rigid, awkward warrior and I'm actually relieved they didn't show her devotion to Renly as whimsical fangirling - it was never like that. I'm not sure Brienne knows how to act like that.Having read this thread I can only say I am so grateful, as a fan of the character, that Gwendoline has put so much thought and effort into playing the role. All that training has really paid off; without even having many lines she's managed to shine as one of the better casting choices.Thanks, Ms. Christie!
1323	redriver	2012-04-17	Not ugly at all,but big,seriously big,She's twice as tall as Catelyn.
I thought she'd been CGI'ed.
1324	Vvornth	2012-04-17	Does anyone have a bearing on the books word-for-word description on her looks?
1325	boojam	2012-04-17	Does anyone have a bearing on the books word-for-word description on her looks?The thing is, across the books George is not consistent in his physical description of her.In SoS we keep getting Jamie mostly saying she is homely, sometimes he says she is ugly, but we don't get a description of what Jamie thinks 'ugly' is.As someone noted the producers had an impossible task to find a actress for that part, finding a 6 f 3in Gwen was a bit of a fluke. Also in order to not make a visual distraction they just made her homely. It's the inner Brienne that counts more that the outward physical one anyway.
1326	James Arryn	2012-04-17	Does anyone have a bearing on the books word-for-word description on her looks?Yep, hang on. Here it is. "Ugly".
1327	WinterWarrior	2012-04-17	As I have already posted, I thought this character was extremely well played by Christie. Brienne is one of my favorite characters in the books.
Also, there are plenty of women over 6 feet tall...just a note since many of you sound like you think finding a woman that large is a difficult task. My husband and I are WNBA season ticket holders and there are many tall women women basketball players in the US, Europe, South America and Africa. When we go to games a good portion of the audience is tall women.
Of course finding a tall woman who is also an excellent actress and could play Brienne was a "tall task" no pun intended. Christie is perfect.
1328	James Arryn	2012-04-17	My husband and I are WNBA season ticket holders...That's like top 5 coolest lines I'd like to be able to drop on this discussion. Well, less the husband part, but if that's the price to pay, I'm flexible. Move on, people, this topic has been resolved.
1329	wolverine	2012-04-17	This was quoted earlier, from Catelyn's POV, not a jealous mans:
"Beauty, they called her . . . mocking. The hair beneath the visor was a squirrelâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nest of dirty straw, and her face . . . Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes were large and very blue, a young girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes, trusting and guileless, but the rest . . . her features were broad and coarse, her teeth prominent and crooked, her mouth too wide, her lips so plump they seemed swollen. A thousand freckles speckled her cheeks and brow, and her nose had been broken more than once. Pity filled Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heart. Is there any creature on earth as unfortunate as an ugly woman?"
1330	Bolivar	2012-04-17	I was certainly shocked to see just how big and imposing she was. That was a job really well done.
1331	lightbringer333	2012-04-17	it wuld be interesting to watch on tv show how jaimie pairing her and thier romance. she is 1 feet taller than jaimie.
1332	BlackTalon	2012-04-17	Brienne seemed a bit overdone to me, the scene where she's walking with Caitlyn you could tell they were using camera tricks with her standing in front of her by quite a bit to make her look taller and bigger.   The cheap camera tricks took away a bit for me.I wouldnÂ´t really call it a cheap trick, yes, she is much closer to the camery than Catelyn plus they are walking up a slightly inclined path so brienne is also slightly higher up, but the cameraman does not really try to conceal that.BTW GeorgesÂ´s description of her height is pretty inconsistent. Robert Baratheon is allegedly 6'6''. Renly is described as just as tall and at the tourney Cat notes how Brienne looks DOWN at Renly, being a good hand taller.On the other hand, during their journey through the riverlands Jamie describes her at some point as "six feet of freckled diapproval looking down at him"
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 17 April 2012 - 10:20 AM.
1333	The Last Direwolf	2012-04-17	I actually thought she was too ugly! Her eyes weren't anywhere near as beautiful as they're described in the books!
1334	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-17	it wuld be interesting to watch on tv show how jaimie pairing her and thier romance. she is 1 feet taller than jaimie.What?  The actor playing Jaime is 5'3''?
1335	Katydid	2012-04-17	This was quoted earlier, from Catelyn's POV, not a jealous mans:"Beauty, they called her . . . mocking. The hair beneath the visor was a squirrelâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nest of dirty straw, and her face . . . Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes were large and very blue, a young girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes, trusting and guileless, but the rest . . . her features were broad and coarse, her teeth prominent and crooked, her mouth too wide, her lips so plump they seemed swollen. A thousand freckles speckled her cheeks and brow, and her nose had been broken more than once. Pity filled Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heart. Is there any creature on earth as unfortunate as an ugly woman?"This initial description from Catelyn of Brienne is what I base her appearance on.  There's nothing to be done about the shape of Gwen's face (compared to Brienne's), or the fact that her nose hasn't been broken, but I actually thought they might try and fit Gwen with big, crooked false teeth (and they still may - - we didn't actually get a good look at her mouth in her debut, did we?) - - though I don't believe it'd be necessary.And of course later on, there's Jaime's "she does have astonishing eyes" comment.  /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />What?  The actor playing Jaime is 5'3''?No.  Nik is about 6'1" or 2", and I think Gwen is listed as an inch taller than him.  Which is exactly how Jaime/Brienne should be matched, size-wise.  I think they're gonna look fantastic together.The thing is, across the books George is not consistent in his physical description of her.In SoS we keep getting Jamie mostly saying she is homely, sometimes he says she is ugly, but we don't get a description of what Jamie thinks 'ugly' is.Jaime's perception of Brienne changes as their relationship develops.  Initially he reacts to her physical appearance with words like "homely" and "ugly" (which really go hand-in-hand), and refers to her as a "horse-faced bitch" at times.  But when he dreams about her, he thinks to himself "in this light, she could almost be a beauty" and views her with more of a womanly shape.  He also has a pretty - erm, positive reaction to seeing her naked in the Harrenhal baths.  Whether or not that's because it's been so long since he's been laid, or whether his perception of Brienne is changing, is debatable.He begins to see her as a woman - - maybe not the most eye-appealingly beautiful woman in Westeros, certainly not as beautiful as Cersei - - but as the old saying goes, "beauty is in the eye of the beholder."  He's beginning to see his sister as ugly on the inside, just as he's learning to appreciate Brienne's inner-beauty and worth.
					
					
							Edited by Katydid, 17 April 2012 - 10:35 AM.
1336	Envie	2012-04-17	This was quoted earlier, from Catelyn's POV, not a jealous mans:"Beauty, they called her . . . mocking. The hair beneath the visor was a squirrelâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nest of dirty straw, and her face . . . Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes were large and very blue, a young girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes, trusting and guileless, but the rest . . . her features were broad and coarse, her teeth prominent and crooked, her mouth too wide, her lips so plump they seemed swollen. A thousand freckles speckled her cheeks and brow, and her nose had been broken more than once. Pity filled Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heart. Is there any creature on earth as unfortunate as an ugly woman?"I think this description re-quoted a couple of times now, is probably meant to be the most accurate one given by GRRM. Most other descriptions are from men, and likely biased from a sexual standpoint.You have to admit, in reading Catelyn's description, Brienne was probably more than just 'homely' by our standards. Seems in Westeros beauty is much less well defined. We Americans are very narrow minded (mostly from magazine models and movie stars) on what 'beauty' is. Even just in the past 50 years since we all know Marilyn Monroe would be considered obese by today's standards.All that being said, the actress was not given bucked teeth or swollen lips and a thousand freckles, but I'm OK with that. I'm happy she's so immensely huge, walks with an awkward gait, and has chopped off straw like blonde hair. She definitely gives a more manly / plain countenance to the character and that's believable enough. This is one area I'm not going to nitpick because I loved Brienne's character in the books so much its how she 'acts' in the series that will make all the difference, not how she looks.
1337	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-17	I think this description re-quoted a couple of times now, is probably meant to be the most accurate one given by GRRM. Most other descriptions are from men, and likely biased from a sexual standpoint.You have to admit, in reading Catelyn's description, Brienne was probably more than just 'homely' by our standards. Seems in Westeros beauty is much less well defined. We Americans are very narrow minded (mostly from magazine models and movie stars) on what 'beauty' is. Even just in the past 50 years since we all know Marilyn Monroe would be considered obese by today's standards.All that being said, the actress was not given bucked teeth or swollen lips and a thousand freckles, but I'm OK with that. I'm happy she's so immensely huge, walks with an awkward gait, and has chopped off straw like blonde hair. She definitely gives a more manly / plain countenance to the character and that's believable enough. This is one area I'm not going to nitpick because I loved Brienne's character in the books so much its how she 'acts' in the series that will make all the difference, not how she looks.Marilyn wouldnt be considered obese today. It's not even close. That's a pretty ridiculous myth when you get right down to it. It's pretty easy to Google the truth on this, or just look at her in a movie or photo.Numerous scources on this:http://www.fatnutrit...marilyn-monroe/http://www.snopes.co...ors/mmdress.asphttp://jezebel.com/5...-marilyn-monroe
1338	Envie	2012-04-17	Marilyn wouldnt be considered obese today. It's not even close. That's a pretty ridiculous myth when you get right down to it. It's pretty easy to Google the truth on this, or just look at her in a movie or photo.Numerous scources on this:http://www.fatnutrit...marilyn-monroe/http://www.snopes.co...ors/mmdress.asphttp://jezebel.com/5...-marilyn-monroeWay off topic and taking the point out of context, but I hear you. It's a common enough comparison about Marilyn Monroe that's used often regardless of whether its factually true she would have body fat percentage considered obese by today's charts. Beauty 100 years ago is not considered beauty today, we know this. The media and film industry has further skewed it by preferring skinny models who look better on film and require less airbrushing to hide flaws.I daresay the description given of Brienne would be considered even 'homely' by our standards today when sadly she was probably just plain and common looking. I suspect GRRM's portrayal of her was purposely skewed because she was viewed from male / knight opinions of her and likely unfairly because she was so tall / big / strong and could whip their asses.
1339	Silverx2	2012-04-17	my only complaint is her voice. its a little too robotic, but hopefully with more lines it will work itself out.
I really enjoy brienne's story so it would be a shame to cringe everytime she talks.
1340	Nebmai	2012-04-17	I'd hit it.
1341	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-17	Way off topic and taking the point out of context, but I hear you. It's a common enough comparison about Marilyn Monroe that's used often regardless of whether its factually true she would have body fat percentage considered obese by today's charts. Beauty 100 years ago is not considered beauty today, we know this. The media and film industry has further skewed it by preferring skinny models who look better on film and require less airbrushing to hide flaws.I daresay the description given of Brienne would be considered even 'homely' by our standards today when sadly she was probably just plain and common looking. I suspect GRRM's portrayal of her was purposely skewed because she was viewed from male / knight opinions of her and likely unfairly because she was so tall / big / strong and could whip their asses.Its not taking your point out of context. You explicitly said that times have changed so much that Marilyn Monroe would be considered obese today. That's a pretty ridiculous myth, as the links I provided show. If you consider that to be off-topic then you shouldnt have offered it as an example in the first place, even if it wasn't just a myth.If you don't want to get into Marilyn's weight further, just drop the subject or admit that you didnt realize that Marilyn's weight was so exaggerated. It's fine to not know every fact in the world. Sometimes things that you want to believe are true end up being myths. That happens and it's no big deal. Just don't make arguments up about being taken out of context when you're dead wrong about something. It's quite clear that you weren't taken out of context. If you didn't know the facts when you made your post, you do now.As far as Brienne goes, Wolverine's quote from the text shows that Brienne really is supposed to be un-arguably ugly:"Beauty, they called her . . . mocking. The hair beneath the visor was a squirrelâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nest of dirty straw, and her face . . . Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes were large and very blue, a young girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes, trusting and guileless, but the rest . . . her features were broad and coarse, her teeth prominent and crooked, her mouth too wide, her lips so plump they seemed swollen. A thousand freckles speckled her cheeks and brow, and her nose had been broken more than once. Pity filled Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heart. Is there any creature on earth as unfortunate as an ugly woman?"That's definitely not just plain and common looking, and since it came from Catlyn Stark its not skewed from a male perspective, as you are claiming. Brienne is clearly 'ugly.' The show isn't making her ugly at all. She's not even particularly unattractive. She's just big and socially awkward. It's definitely a change from the books.
1342	boojam	2012-04-17	That's definitely not just plain and common looking, and since it came from Catlyn Stark its not skewed from a male perspective, as you are claiming. Brienne is clearly 'ugly.' The show isn't making her ugly at all. She's not even particularly unattractive. She's just big and socially awkward. It's definitely a change from the books.Finding an actress who can play the part cuts through a whole lot of 'ugly'!
1343	WhiteWalder	2012-04-17	After looking at pictures of Gwendoline Christie, they definitely "uglied" her up for her role as Brienne.  I thought the portayal was awesome, and they almost made her ugly enough.
1344	Auska	2012-04-17	I really don't like relying on the book for beautiful/handsome/ugly/whatever. Y'all realize they're *always* written as POVs, right? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Brienne, with low self-esteem, would think herself unattractive. Jaime, used to the prettiest of pretty, wouldn't think her attractive. And so on.
I don't mean that she's really a glamazon or anything, but I think Christie's probably about right. Fairly plain, ungainly outside combat, imposing, muscularâ<U+0080>¦
1345	packersfan	2012-04-17	For all of you criticizing that she is not UGLY enough...are you saying she is a beauty.  Consider the scales of beauty and ugly in this show.  I don't have a hard time a all thinking Briene is ugly, she is not a pampered pretty lady...it would take a lot of work to make her pretty, by the standards of Westeros courts, and she is still very tall, gangly and awkward, with a awkward mannish voice.  I never imagined her looking like a hideous monster.  I think the depiction in the show is pretty good.
I saw some comments on Asha's appearance...I think she actually is a little blah...maybe not by Iron Island standards, who knows?  I pictured her a little more hot and strong.  She looks like a real bitch, but kind of trashy and little fat around the belly.  Really makes Theon look like a horny toad...anything with tits he wants to screw.  But of course, the ship captain's daughter wasn't anything to look at (just like in the book).
1346	teemo	2012-04-17	I think she was perfect.  I thought the POV characters always exaggerated about her ugliness a bit anyways.  She's just huge.  And if anyone really think she was a stereotypical Westerosi beauty in the show, then you are in the minority.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 17 April 2012 - 11:09 PM.
1347	packersfan	2012-04-18	Exactly...She doesn't need to be hideous to be ugly.  Compared to Sansa, Cersei, Margarey, any of the various whores, is she "beautiful".  No, she is "ugly, awkward" and furthermore is gruff and takes on the role of a man.
1348	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-04-18	Brienne was G-R-E-A-T! As one of my favorites I actually hope HBO treats her a little better than GRRM did, especially in the latter books. Call me a heretic, but in this case I condone it!
1349	Balefont	2012-04-18	See here's the thing about fictional stories - the writer can make the characters look however he or she envisions.  Couple this with how each of us interprets such a description AND top it off with the strict parameters (scheduling, talent, etc.), producers have a pool of people from which to choose that it makes finding a perfect fit for everybody difficult at best.  The more "fantastical" a character is in regard to the typical population makes finding a perfect fit nigh on impossible.
The moral of the story - get over it.
I'd rather have the characters played by highly talented actors/actresses that at least somewhat resemble their fictional counterparts.  YMMV
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 18 April 2012 - 11:22 AM.
1350	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	She was plain enough for my likes.
Her stature and attitude seem to be spot on and even if she isn't a complete butterface you can still understand that most men of Westeros would not be attracted to her anyways.
1351	starki	2012-04-18	The best choice, right after Melissandre (make up for, unfortunately, a miss with Stannis).
1352	sarah.jenice	2012-04-18	It actually took me about five minutes to convince my mother that she wasn't really a man. She kept asking me if I was sure because she was so big and manly. I had to explain that she is supposed to be that way and her story is kind of like Tyrion's being a big, unattractive woman who doesn't fit into their society. And she still asked me if I was sure she was a woman. I couldn't stop laughing.
I think she was well cast, and her voice was great. Sadly, I've never much enjoyed Brienne's POV chapters, but I look forward to seeing what they do with her on the show.
1353	sarah.jenice	2012-04-18	See here's the thing about fictional stories - the writer can make the characters look however he or she envisions.  Couple this with how each of us interprets such a description AND top it off with the strict parameters (scheduling, talent, etc.), producers have a pool of people from which to choose that it makes finding a perfect fit for everybody difficult at best.  The more "fantastical" a character is in regard to the typical population makes finding a perfect fit nigh on impossible.The moral of the story - get over it.I'd rather have the characters played by highly talented actors/actresses that at least somewhat resemble their fictional counterparts.  YMMVYou make a good point. I've been underwhelmed with Asha and Stannis, but I'm going to give them time before I judge.
1354	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-18	For all of you criticizing that she is not UGLY enough...are you saying she is a beauty.  Consider the scales of beauty and ugly in this show.  I don't have a hard time a all thinking Briene is ugly, she is not a pampered pretty lady...it would take a lot of work to make her pretty, by the standards of Westeros courts, and she is still very tall, gangly and awkward, with a awkward mannish voice.  I never imagined her looking like a hideous monster.  I think the depiction in the show is pretty good.I saw some comments on Asha's appearance...I think she actually is a little blah...maybe not by Iron Island standards, who knows?  I pictured her a little more hot and strong.  She looks like a real bitch, but kind of trashy and little fat around the belly.  Really makes Theon look like a horny toad...anything with tits he wants to screw.  But of course, the ship captain's daughter wasn't anything to look at (just like in the book).I'm critiquing her looks in the sense that TV Brienne is clearly not 'ugly,' whereas book Brienne clearly is 'ugly.' See the quoted passages about about Brienne's broken nose, misshapen lips, and crooked teeth. But the TV Brienne not being hideous is not that big a deal. Tyrion should be far more hideous as well, with mismatched eyes, a bigger head, and longer and stronger arms. But the actor is doing a great job overall on him, and the character is more or less like he is in the books.Asha is more objectionable than Brienne to me as she's less attractive than she could be, and nothing about her strikes me as athletic and dangerous. She looks like a slightly doughy, run-down farmgirl. She should look like a lean and hungry pirate with sex appeal. Plus, Instead of seeming self-assured and independant she seems resigned and subtle. At least Brienne looks like a big and dangerous and intimidating, and she's playing out the awkwardness.
1355	Balefont	2012-04-18	TV Asha's look fits in with the rest of her TV family's looks.  A dark haired, sexy Asha would appear out of place with the rest of the family.
Sorry you're disappointed with the lack of wack-off material.
1356	James Arryn	2012-04-18	I don't find the actress too attractive or anything. 
But another aspect to consider that doesn't come off via tv is smell. 
She probably doesn't smell like a lady.
1357	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	She smells like hot fish pies and blood.
1358	The Non-Human	2012-04-18	TV Asha's look fits in with the rest of her TV family's looks.  A dark haired, sexy Asha would appear out of place with the rest of the family.Sorry you're disappointed with the lack of wack-off material.I'll admit Asha sightly resembles her father, but Theon does not. At all.
1359	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-18	As a massive Brienne fan, I thought the actress captured that gangly awkwardness yet powerful presence perfectly. Look forward to her travels with you know who later on in the series /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Those two characters will steal the show during that period I think.
1360	boojam	2012-04-19	One thing and I don't know if it's D&D asking her to do it that way,but Gwen looks perfect the first time she removes her helm, anytime she speaks. Other times when standing or walking  silently she seems to adopt an odd facial expression of a haughty grimace. Sometimes it's ok , sometimes its awkward.
Seems I remember in the novels Brienne adopted a kind of 'blank' countenance reflecting her inner wall against a world hostile to her physical appearance and her out of placeness in a male world.
She comes across best , with this kind of expression, in her last line "I am not a lady." Wish she would stick with kind of stage presence.
1361	Tempra	2012-04-19	I'd hit it.I think she'd hit you.
1362	CacauCinnamon	2012-04-19	Great job! I actually pictured Brienne a lot like this.
I'm so happy the way she is being portrayed. I know it was only a few scenes, but I really enjoyed it.
1363	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-19	TV Asha's look fits in with the rest of her TV family's looks.  A dark haired, sexy Asha would appear out of place with the rest of the family.Sorry you're disappointed with the lack of wack-off material.I doubt anyone cares about wack-off material. People that read the books expected a character that looks like Asha is described: "lean and long-legged, with short black hair and a sharp nose in a thin face."There's not one thing about the TV show version of Asha that's like she's described in the books. She doesnt have the right hair, she's FAR from lean, she's not noticably long legged, and her face is not thin.The TV show's Asha is wrong in every sense of her physical description. On top of that, Asha hasn't come off as a fierce, proud, dangerous warrior. Her demeanor has been quiet and subtle so far, and she doesnt seem any kind of physical threat. Absolutely nothing is correct about her from what we've seen in the TV show.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 19 April 2012 - 10:12 AM.
1364	7V3N	2012-04-19	My one problem from her scene is that she seemed less clumsy. Remember, she is "as thick as a castle wall" and she tends to stutter and has trouble with words at times. From the first impression she seemed too poised in her speech to me. But by looks and stride, I think it was a great cast.
EDIT: One thing that did upset me is that Renly did not defend her like I expected him to when Loras jokingly called her Brienne the Beauty.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 19 April 2012 - 10:25 AM.
1365	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-04-19	I think she was perfect. Not ugly enough? Well that's in the eye of the beholder. We have, in the books, seen Brienne thru the eyes of people in a world that, even more than today, celebrate the frail little passive woman with a classic look. Brienne is nothing like that.
1366	Feather Crystal	2012-04-19	I thought she was perfect! And didn't she look freakishly huge next to Lady Catelyn???
1367	Jojen	2012-04-19	Of the new female characters this season, I think she left a bigger and more memorable impression on me, at least, in her single scene than either Asha or Mel have so far.
It seems to me that for many of the characters, the emphasis is far less on appearance than on their ability to act, which is more important for a tv show. Tyrion isn't as ugly as he's described in the books, either. There is a lot of hit and miss, though. Cersei, Mel, and Margaery aren't anywhere near as hot as they're supposed to be, but I think Lena Headey has done pretty well in the role so far, and Natalie Dormer did quite well in her brief scenes so far. Can't say the same for either Carice van Houten (Mel) or Gemma Whelan (Asha). Gemma needs to be a little more animated. She only has one expression.
So, yeah. I have no problem with the choice for Brienne. I actually look forward to her future scenes a lot more than most of those others.
1368	Balefont	2012-04-19	she's FAR from lean, she's not noticably long legged, and her face is not thin.The TV show's Asha is wrong in every sense of her physical description. On top of that, Asha hasn't come off as a fierce, proud, dangerous warrior. Her demeanor has been quiet and subtle so far, and she doesnt seem any kind of physical threat. Absolutely nothing is correct about her from what we've seen in the TV show.Oh jeez. Seriously, TV Asha looks like she could handle herself in a fight.  She looks every inch an athlete to me.  Much more capable of kicking ass than, say, Kate Beckinsale. < rolls eyes >Other than that, I'll agree to disagree about how they've decided her character (sans the physical appearance deviation) be portrayed for the show.ETA: Theon was supposed to be dark-haired (and possibly a hottie) too but I'm not going to complain about Alfie Allen because his portroyal is fucking awesome.PS I have read the books.  The first 3 seven times for that matter.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 19 April 2012 - 02:28 PM.
1369	Ser McGuire	2012-04-19	Impressed by Brienne. A good start at establshing one of my favourite characters from the books.
She came across as a competent and determined fighter, socially awkward and protective of her beloved King Renly.
Physically the actress dominated with her height and size, particularly next to Catelyn Stark. As for her 'ugliness' rating - I don't know. In comparison to how all the other women we see on the show behave, dress and compose themselves, then she definitely sticks out like a sore thumb. If I was one of the men in Westeros, then yeah, I would probably think of her as a freak, and as a woman well acquainted with the branches of the ugly tree.
Great job in casting, makeup and by the actress too /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Ser McGuire
1370	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-19	She looks great. She's a nice looking woman out of costume, but she has the gritty "homeliness" down nicely while suited up in Brienne's gear.I think they're gonna look fantastic together.This. So much this. They're going to look great together; the size disparity is perfect, and I can tell they'll have synergy already.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 19 April 2012 - 05:48 PM.
1371	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-19	She also has Brienne's breast down perfectly.  Just saying.
It's on the net.
1372	Icehawk	2012-04-20	When I read the book, I never had the feeling that Brienne is extremely ugly. But the actress actually is exactly what I had imagined. Great job.
1373	Currawong	2012-04-20	Well, whatever some people think of her not-ugly-enough looks, clearly GRRM and the producers had no doubts at all about casting GC.  In one of George's more recent interviews he said that when they were lookingto cast the role, there were actresses who came in and 'read for the part' of Brienne, and then GC arrived and she WAS Brienne.  If GRRM reckons GC just "is" Brienne, I'm more than happy /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
1374	TheDrawback	2012-04-20	She was less ugly than i had immagined but than again i also got that with rorge and tyrion. Loved the shot where she was walking next to Cat showing the difference in size to somewhat 'bulk her up'. Also liked the comment somewhere in this thread telling GC has also read the books so i think she can make the character come to life much more.
Really looking forward to the further developements of Brienne /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1375	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-20	Aside from the discussion on the definition of ugliness, I think Brienne's appearance and the various reactions here point to the difficulty of adapting asoiaf for television audiences. Remember, GRRM deliberately uses POV's as a literary strategy. And as has been mentioned by others: beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Thus, the problem is that the books describe clear "beholders" with regard to Brienne's looks. Catelyn's view clearly reflects her own ideas on femininity while Jaime's changing views tells us he's falling in love. These writing strategies are restricted to the medium of the novels. In the TV show, the pov on the looks of characters is solely from the viewer. There's no room for nuance and subtlety with regard to appearance.
I don't want to sound pedantic but following this logic, the way we experience GC's appearance (too ugly, too tall etc.) tells us more about ourselves than about GC.
1376	stormborns	2012-04-20	I was ridiculously happy with Gwen as Brienne; she was prideful, protective of Renly, intelligent and blunt.  Really I was very excited to see her and I think that as such a beautiful woman she has managed to 'ugly down' for the part, but still kept such a good character concept *applause*
1377	stormborns	2012-04-20	When I read the book, I never had the feeling that Brienne is extremely ugly.Exactly!  I think the PoVs we were getting were just a little bit dramatic about it.
1378	Serbrienne	2012-04-20	Don't think anyone is ugly enough. A little make up magic like Charlize Theron had in Monster could have done the trick. The brief bit I've seen of her on screen I am very pleased with though. Presence and attitude are there. I think she is gonna do an awesome job!
1379	CrimsonFlush	2012-04-20	I guess they took most of Brienne's ugliness and smacked it on, Asha, wow, is she hideous or what?  Must have a hell of a personality to seduce so many men.
1380	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-04-21	I guess they took most of Brienne's ugliness and smacked it on, Asha, wow, is she hideous or what?  Must have a hell of a personality to seduce so many men.From what I have seen so far Asha/What-ever-her-new-name-is she got no personality to talk about.
1381	True Mortal	2012-04-21	Unattractive but not too ugly. She's good enough. Her size is very close to the mark.
1382	Lady Lilac	2012-04-21	I never could picture Brienne as too ugly in the first place, so I'm pretty happy with the casting. They nailed the manly looking, awkward and stubborn girl she's supposed to be. She's unattractive enough and I'm happy with that since I was a little worried at first when seeing pictures of the actress.
1383	Happy Ent	2012-04-21	Remember, GRRM deliberately uses POV's as a literary strategy.While this it true, it does not pertain to book-Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ugliness. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an established fact, not a gimmick used by GRRM to describe other characters.Brienne is called â<U+0080><U+009C>the Beautyâ<U+0080><U+009D> by everybody. There is general agreement about her ugliness among all who meet her. And please remember that sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s remarkably ugly even by the standards of Westeros. Bad hair, bad skin, bad teeth are everywhere. People we consider ordinary or plain by todayâ<U+0080><U+0099>s standards would be viewed as great beauties in a medieval society. Make no mistake: book-Brienne is supposed to be really, really ugly.Tv-Brienne isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, and I think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fine. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s very well cast. Few of the TV roles are as ugly as in the books (just think of Tyrion!), and I think it would be hard to watch otherwise.
					
					
							Edited by Happy Ent, 21 April 2012 - 03:06 PM.
1384	Trinket2	2012-04-21	I think Brienne was a great cast. She's large, unattractive and awkward. They did a great job with this one.
1385	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-21	Aside from the discussion on the definition of ugliness, I think Brienne's appearance and the various reactions here point to the difficulty of adapting asoiaf for television audiences. Remember, GRRM deliberately uses POV's as a literary strategy. And as has been mentioned by others: beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Thus, the problem is that the books describe clear "beholders" with regard to Brienne's looks. Catelyn's view clearly reflects her own ideas on femininity while Jaime's changing views tells us he's falling in love. These writing strategies are restricted to the medium of the novels. In the TV show, the pov on the looks of characters is solely from the viewer. There's no room for nuance and subtlety with regard to appearance.I don't want to sound pedantic but following this logic, the way we experience GC's appearance (too ugly, too tall etc.) tells us more about ourselves than about GC.Actually Catlyn is very practical when it comes to looks. She makes a very big note of that when evaluating the young attractive Frey bride for her brother. The fact that she specifically calls out Brienne as ugly and pitiful shows exactly what it says. Brienne is an ugly woman. This is reiterated universally by anyone with a perspective on Brienne. Her teeth are crooked, she is ungainly, she is extremely un-feminine, her hair is a tangle, her lips are swollen, and so on. The one thing she has going for her are her nice eyes. Other than that, there's nothing pleasant to look at.In theory, beauty may be in the eye of the beholder. But in reality, people largely agree on looks. People may disagree on who looks better out of two attractive people, but people dont tend to disagree on whether someone is flat-out ugly or not. If you want to pretend that Brienne in the books is really a decent looking or plain looking woman, that's your perogative. But you're going against everything in the text. Not only does nothing support your stance, but every bit of evidence we have goes against what you're saying.
1386	Free Northman	2012-04-22	Did they use trick photography or is the woman playing Brienne really as big as she appears on screen?
Damn! That's one huge female. She looks more like I imagined Gregor Clegane than Gregor Clegane himself, when walking next to other people in the same scene!
1387	Free Northman	2012-04-22	Ok, I just checked on wikipedia, and she's only 6 foot 3 inches tall.
Jeepers, on screen she looked around 6 foot 8 at least. Must have been trick photography, then.
1388	Carne	2012-04-22	When she was standing next to Catelyn and says "I am no Lady" they used some forced perspective, plus they were both standing on an a slope, so Brienne appears bigger. But other than that she is as tall as she appears on screen.
1389	Happy Ent	2012-04-22	I found this nice drawing of B & C: http://maidoftarth.t...at-n-brienne-byand another: http://ant-tea.devia...rienne-45780654
1390	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-22	Actually Catlyn is very practical when it comes to looks. She makes a very big note of that when evaluating the young attractive Frey bride for her brother. The fact that she specifically calls out Brienne as ugly and pitiful shows exactly what it says. Brienne is an ugly woman. This is reiterated universally by anyone with a perspective on Brienne. Her teeth are crooked, she is ungainly, she is extremely un-feminine, her hair is a tangle, her lips are swollen, and so on. The one thing she has going for her are her nice eyes. Other than that, there's nothing pleasant to look at.In theory, beauty may be in the eye of the beholder. But in reality, people largely agree on looks. People may disagree on who looks better out of two attractive people, but people dont tend to disagree on whether someone is flat-out ugly or not. If you want to pretend that Brienne in the books is really a decent looking or plain looking woman, that's your perogative. But you're going against everything in the text. Not only does nothing support your stance, but every bit of evidence we have goes against what you're saying.Okay, we're clearly approaching this topic from different angles (which is totally fine btw). I don't like to rely on 'evidence' when discussing literature. Simply put, Brienne is a fictional character and I don't find it very interesting how ugly she "really" is because she isn't "real". We only have various subjective descriptions of her. Virtually every character thinks she is ugly but that isn't proof of anything real. It tells us how most characters experience her.The point for me is how people respond to a supposedly ugly person. When Catlyn wonders whether there is anything worse than an ugly woman, I cringe because it's a painful observation that extends beyond the specific situation of Brienne. It's a universal statement about how cruel the importance of appearance is. Jaime warming up to Brienne is a more optimistic message that tells me that appearance really isn't everything. Again, it's about how people deal with the paradigms of beauty instead of beauty itself.To respond to you directly: how can the tv show ever convey Jaime's changing view to the viewer if Brienne is and remains "flat-out ugly" throughout the show. She needs to gain some redeeming qualities in order for the viewer to see her attraction. In your definite description, that wouldn't be possible. We also need to see that someone ugly can be beautiful in his or her own way (which makes the supposed self-evidence of ugliness a lot more complex) This is what I meant with the nuance and subtlety of written text as opposed to the visual medium. And yes, I want to "pretend" that Brienne is plain looking. I don't know if that's supposed to be a derogatory statement, but we're all pretending here. It's fiction.
1391	Happy Ent	2012-04-23	The point for me is how people respond to a supposedly ugly person. When Catlyn wonders whether there is anything worse than an ugly woman, I cringe because it's a painful observation that extends beyond the specific situation of Brienne. Everybody but Catelyn reacts to Brienne with derision. Catelyn, instead, treats her with compassion. Her thoughts are: â<U+0080><U+009C>Pity filled Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heart. Is there any creature on earth as unfortunate as an ugly woman?â<U+0080><U+009D>
1392	TheWrongKindOfSnow	2012-04-24	I'm surprised by the number of posters in this thread who feel Brienne looks as she should according to the books. Regardless of the books being written from various characters' povs and the argument that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, it was quite apparant that she was ugly by all conventional standards. I also expected her to be more muscular or masculine in her build than her tv depiction.
I've only seen her first episode so far, and couldn't really judge from her appearance in that, but I hope she'll do as Tyrion has done, and be such an interesting portrayal that her lack of ugliness doesn't matter. I'm not sure though; Tyrion's fears of (real and imagined) prejudice still make sense, because despite not being ugly he's still a dwarf - the central feature of his insecurities. Brienne is tall, but she's not a literal giant, and the exclusion and insults she experiences that have been so crucial to forming her nature may not seem to have any real basis if she's merely tall and plain, as oppose to truly ugly. Perhaps they can play up her deviation from expected feminine roles and/or her social awkwardness to account for how shunned she is instead?
1393	boojam	2012-04-26	Not only does nothing support your stance, but every bit of evidence we have goes against what you're saying.That is wrong.What Jamie has to say about her in Storm of Swords varies, but refutes what you are saying.
1394	Baitac	2012-04-26	I thought that not only was she perfectly cast, but that she acted as I thought Brienne would act. Very serious, not very talkative, formal demeanor, and totally devoted to Renly. Excellently done.
1395	winterWarg	2012-06-12	Honestly, must we define Every. Single. Female. In. The. Series. by how 'hot' she is?  Is this the 1960s?  Asha is a strong, smart, fierce PIRATE.  Perhaps 'all the men that she seduced in the book' found that... hot?  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />There is a chapter in ACOK that describes Esgred/Asha/Yara and his initial impressions of her. Suffice to say that anyone reading that little piece is right to expect Asha/Yara to be a hottie, disrepectful to women or not.I admit the Gemma doesn't look the part but she certainly knows how to rock the whole attitude. love her acting!
1396	Queen_in_the_North	2012-06-14	Given that this is a TV show and on HBO, they managed to make her "television plain", and that's as good as you were going to get. I didn't really care myself whether she was ugly enough or not, I think it was an awesome badass portrayal. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1397	Le Cygne	2012-07-13	Remember, GRRM deliberately uses POV's as a literary strategy. And as has been mentioned by others: beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Thus, the problem is that the books describe clear "beholders" with regard to Brienne's looks. Catelyn's view clearly reflects her own ideas on femininity while Jaime's changing views tells us he's falling in love. These writing strategies are restricted to the medium of the novels. In the TV show, the pov on the looks of characters is solely from the viewer. There's no room for nuance and subtlety with regard to appearance.I don't want to sound pedantic but following this logic, the way we experience GC's appearance (too ugly, too tall etc.) tells us more about ourselves than about GC.And yes, I want to "pretend" that Brienne is plain looking. I don't know if that's supposed to be a derogatory statement, but we're all pretending here. It's fiction.I love all your comments on this...
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 01 March 2013 - 10:35 PM.
1398	David Selig	2012-07-13	Arya said her father and Jon Snow called her pretty - but she said they were the only ones who ever did.  She said nobody else thought she was pretty, they called her Arya Horseface.  Arya agreed with them.Catelyn told Arya she could be pretty, all she had to do was wash and brush her hair and dress better.rooked teeth (not necessarily bad, models and actresses considered pretty have them, too), and broken nose (ditto). Crooked teeth and broken nose are universally  bad things when it comes to beauty. Sure, some models get away with mild cases of crooked teeth, but it's still considered a flaw.
1399	Frumpus	2012-07-13	I wouldnÂ´t really call it a cheap trick, yes, she is much closer to the camery than Catelyn plus they are walking up a slightly inclined path so brienne is also slightly higher up, but the cameraman does not really try to conceal that.BTW GeorgesÂ´s description of her height is pretty inconsistent. Robert Baratheon is allegedly 6'6''. Renly is described as just as tall and at the tourney Cat notes how Brienne looks DOWN at Renly, being a good hand taller.On the other hand, during their journey through the riverlands Jamie describes her at some point as "six feet of freckled diapproval looking down at him"Agreed. People can't and shouldn't rely on George's quote about Brienne's height. They should go by what is said in the books, and if she is described as slightly shorter than the Hound (who is 7'5-7'6), then she should be near seven feet, not just three inches taller than six.Not that it matters, as they have managed to make her look much bigger and taller in most scenes and I am perfectly happy with that.
1400	lannistergold	2013-03-01	It's television, so they never were going to cast plain actresses. Even if Brienne is too good-looking for the old-maid story to sit right, she has the exact manner that I imagined. I dig Ygritte being hot - if she's going to be a love interest off the bat (as opposed to someone Jon had to have sex with for cover, at first), she has to be the sort of girl that one would break vows for. I loved Asha in the books, and I love Yara (a better pirate name) here.
1401	rustypaladin	2013-03-08	Ok, I just checked on wikipedia, and she's only 6 foot 3 inches tall.Jeepers, on screen she looked around 6 foot 8 at least. Must have been trick photography, then.They explain in the episode commentary that they did used the elevation of the ground and perspective to make her appear taller.I thought she was casted wonderfully IMO. She was much more 'homely' in the book, but then again so was Tyrion...
					
					
							Edited by rustypaladin, 08 March 2013 - 11:18 AM.
1402	BlackTalon	2013-03-16	slightly shorter than the Hound (who is 7'5-7'6), then she should be near seven feet,What gives you the idea that the Hound was 7'6''?  No way he is that big. He is maybe 6'5'' or 6'6'', which would make him really big even in our time. In the quasi medieval setting of Westeros with lots and lots of malnourished undersized peasants he would have been a veritable giant even at that height.That said, Martin does tend to mix up his numbers ... King Robert is described as being 6'6'', Renly as being pretty much just as tall. At the tourney scene where Brienne beat Loras Martin wrote that Renly had to look UP at Brienne who was a hand's breadth taller than he was. And yet, in another scene Jaime describes her as "six feet of freckled fury looking down at him" or something like that. A bit inconsistent.That said, none of that stuff really matters at the end of the day
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 16 March 2013 - 04:12 AM.
1403	Currawong	2013-03-16	As I noted before, GRRM has been deeply involved in all the casting decisions.  He stated here http://grrm.livejour...com/227044.html  :-â<U+0080><U+009C>The day the first batch of auditions went up for the role, we looked at a dozen actresses who were reading for Brienne and one actress who WAS Brienne. Gwendoline gave a great reading, and her look was just perfect. No, when she auditioned, she did not look she does in the photo above. She came in lookingâ<U+0080>¦ well, like Brienne.â<U+0080><U+009D>I think her performances in Season 2 with both Catelyn and Jaime show that they made an excellent choice for the role.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 16 March 2013 - 09:34 PM.
1404	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	I felt the portrayal of the Greyjoys was phenomenal this episode.
Alfie really blew me away with his acting. 
Balon and his exchanges were very powerful.
Yara had a certain strength to her as well.
I like how we are made to understand why Balon would make such a rash move.
Theons internal struggle was well fleshed out given the time constraints and his rebirth scene was intense.
It was the most moving and captivating storyline for me tonight.
1405	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Balon's actions are rash because his is so short sighted and hellbent on revenge that he passes up the riches of Casterly Rock in order to take revenge on the North and Winterfell. I want all of the Ironborn to die!
1406	Lothar Imbel	2012-04-16	So you'd be perfectly happy if the Ironborn attacked the Westerlands, killing and raping hundreds but not the North?
1407	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	So you'd be perfectly happy if the Ironborn attacked the Westerlands, killing and raping hundreds but not the North?Pretty sure that wasn't the posters point.Thought Theon throwing back at his father that it was not his own choice to go with the Starks - showed a lot more spine than he had previously.  Still over all enjoying the way they are portrayed, and even getting the name Sea Bitch included.
1408	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	Pretty sure that wasn't the posters point.Thought Theon throwing back at his father that it was not his own choice to go with the Starks - showed a lot more spine than he had previously.  Still over all enjoying the way they are portrayed, and even getting the name Sea Bitch included.That was my favorite part as well.  I was wondering why he didnt do it in the books.  I think it shows that he is an Ironborn and he should have received more respect from Balon because of it. Funniest part was Sea Bitch.
1409	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	So you'd be perfectly happy if the Ironborn attacked the Westerlands, killing and raping hundreds but not the North?I for one would, considering how much raping and killing the Westerners do to kick the war off.
1410	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	The addition of Theon yelling back at his father was great, and the letter scene was a nice way to show Theon's internal struggle followed by his hesitant rebirth as an ironborn.
I can see why Balon wouldn't want to ally with Robb, but you would think he'd be more willing to go against the Lannisters.  The western armies also helped subdue the rebellion, and Joffrey "Baratheon" is the son of the man who put the rebellion down.
1411	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	So you'd be perfectly happy if the Ironborn attacked the Westerlands, killing and raping hundreds but not the North?Not perfectly happy, how did you come to that? I thought that the question was, why did Balon make such a rash move? He made the rash, more like stupid, move out of lust for revenge. Casterly Rock has gold, the Northlands has snow. So, which one do you think is the smartest move? Large un-ruleable North, or unprotected Casterly Rock, sitting upon goldmines. But, being that the Ironborn do not sow, they would be too lazy to mine for it anyway.  Theon suffers the shortsighted stupidity, because he could have warned Robb, taken out his father and sister and had the Rock for himself. Anyway, people are going to die regardless, it really doesn't matter where.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 16 April 2012 - 12:08 PM.
1412	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	That was my favorite part as well.  I was wondering why he didnt do it in the books.  I think it shows that he is an Ironborn and he should have received more respect from Balon because of it.Funniest part was Sea Bitch.His father laid a stinging backhand across his cheek. "Mind your tongue. You are not in Winterfell now, and I am not Robb the Boy, that you should speak to me so. I am the Greyjoy, Lord Reaper of Pyke, King of Salt and Rock, Son of the Sea Wind, and no man gives me a crown. I pay the iron price. I will take my crown, as Urron Redhand did five thousand years ago." Theon edged backward, away from the sudden fury in his fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s tone. "Take it, then," he spat, his cheek still tingling. "Call yourself King of the Iron islands, no one will care... until the wars are over, and the victor looks about and spies the old fool perched off his shore with an iron crown on his head." Lord Balon laughed. "Well, at the least you are no craven. No more than Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m a fool. I still think the book is better.
1413	boojam	2012-04-16	Not perfectly happy, how did you come to that? I thought that the question was, why did Balon make such a rash move? He made the rash, more like stupid, move out of lust for revenge. Casterly Rock has gold, the Northlands has snow. So, which one do you think is the smartest move? Large un-ruleable North, or unprotected Casterly Rock, sitting upon goldmines. But, being that the Ironborn do not sow, they would be too lazy to mine for it anyway.  Theon suffers the shortsighted stupidity, because he could have warned Robb, taken out his father and sister and had the Rock for himself. Anyway, people are going to die regardless, it really doesn't matter where.My impression was, don't know if George meant to make it that way, Balon had a bit of screw loose about the Northlands.Taking the coast was one thing, but as we shall see holding it another.By the by not sure why Theon's 'fleet' was changed from 8 to 1, that was already a humiliation.Victarion and rest of the Iron fleet is not mentioned at all.Well Asha is about to disappear from the story for a long time, by the end of S2 even Theon, or any Iron Born... I am curious to D&D are going to do about this.The Iron Born are on an arc to play an important part but they stay on the edges of the story even through ADwD.
1414	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	My impression was, don't know if George meant to make it that way, Balon had a bit of screw loose about the Northlands.Taking the coast was one thing, but as we shall see holding it another.By the by not sure why Theon's 'fleet' was changed from 8 to 1, that was already a humiliation.Victarion and rest of the Iron fleet is not mentioned at all.Well Asha is about to disappear from the story for a long time, by the end of S2 even Theon, or any Iron Born... I am curious to D&D are going to do about this.The Iron Born are on an arc to play an important part but they stay on the edges of the story even through ADwD.The Ironborn are reavers. The can only related to rape, pillage and burning. They cannot fathom inking out a living in any other way. Balon is an old man, and old people can rarely see anything new. If they were to head West, they would only take what they could easily get their hands on still be broke and living on the dismal Pyke once that money ran out.  Victarion and Euron do not make an appearance until after Balon dies, if I am correct.
1415	isiman	2012-04-16	Theon suffers the shortsighted stupidity, because he could have warned Robb, taken out his father and sister and had the Rock for himself. Anyway, people are going to die regardless, it really doesn't matter where.I don't think that he could, he was probably  being watched.
1416	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I don't think that he could, he was probably  being watched.He had the letter in his hand and burned it, no?
1417	Independent George	2012-04-16	The Ironborn are reavers. The can only related to rape, pillage and burning. They cannot fathom inking out a living in any other way. Balon is an old man, and old people can rarely see anything new. If they were to head West, they would only take what they could easily get their hands on still be broke and living on the dismal Pyke once that money ran out.  Victarion and Euron do not make an appearance until after Balon dies, if I am correct.But Harren himself ruled the Riverlands for many years before the Targaryan invasion.
1418	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	[/size]I still think the book is better.I think Baelon is better in the book, not Theon's part.
1419	Envie	2012-04-16	I felt the portrayal of the Greyjoys was phenomenal this episode.Alfie really blew me away with his acting.Balon and his exchanges were very powerful.Yara had a certain strength to her as well.I like how we are made to understand why Balon would make such a rash move.Theons internal struggle was well fleshed out given the time constraints and his rebirth scene was intense.It was the most moving and captivating storyline for me tonight.I agree with you 100% In fact, I am starting to like the Greyjoy story arc more in the HBO series than I did in the books. There are SO many good stories from the various houses that its hard to remember some of them when you have your favorites of course... but I feel like the producers took Theon's story, and what a tragedy it is and really ran with it... it makes EXCELLENT television drama.I'm going to confess, I actually felt like crying watching Alfie play Theon in the scenes with his salt water baptism and the burning of the letter. It was that powerful. I think because I know what ends up happening with Theon made it that much worse. I feel so damn sorry for this kid, yes even though he does some terrible crap and kills little kids at Winterfell. I feel like the show is making that future incident more believable and you can actually understand how very desperate Theon was to impress and win back his family's love. It's just tragic. He had no choice in any of it and it was hearbreaking to watch him pledge himself so fully and with such longing.
1420	Envie	2012-04-16	PS: great commentary by the producers in this video "Inside the Episode" just posted:http://www.youtube.c...ture=plpp_videoThey really do show how artistically dramatic that scene with Theon's baptism by sea water was meant to be. The tangible longing on Theon's face in contrast to the hard, bitter faces of the Ironborn, shrouded in steel grays, stormy blues of the sea, the sky etc. It was amazingly powerful.
1421	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	So you'd be perfectly happy if the Ironborn attacked the Westerlands, killing and raping hundreds but not the North?Not sure where that was derived from.I just like that they at least made an effort to portray that Theon was tortured by this decision and that there was a lot of emotions and confusion involved.Who can imagine what is like to be taken away as a boy.  The Starks were great to him but still he always knew he was just a hostage.
1422	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	But Harren himself ruled the Riverlands for many years before the Targaryan invasion.That was Harren.  Please cite what the Ironborn have done since then? Nothing, other than reaving, which is why the Pyke is dirt poor compared to the other territories. Asha notes that in one of the books.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 16 April 2012 - 02:25 PM.
1423	IronSuitor	2012-04-16	Dinklage deservedly gets all the press, but Alfie Allen and the guy who plays Balon quietly delivered one of the best pieces of acting in the show so far last night (They were helped by amazing camerawork as well).
One thing the show has over the books is the ability to use the human face. Balon came off as a stupid prick who was terrible to his son and made stupid choices in the books. He's all of those things in the show, but that one shot where Theon yells about him abandoning his only son as Balon walks out made him more human than the books ever did. 
You could see the shame on his face, and it made it clearer than the books ever could that he is the way he is not because he is stupid or because he doesn't love Theon, but because the shame of that defeat has become who he is.
1424	Pliny	2012-04-16	Dinklage deservedly gets all the press, but Alfie Allen and the guy who plays Balon quietly delivered one of the best pieces of acting in the show so far last night (They were helped by amazing camerawork as well).One thing the show has over the books is the ability to use the human face. Balon came off as a stupid prick who was terrible to his son and made stupid choices in the books. He's all of those things in the show, but that one shot where Theon yells about him abandoning his only son as Balon walks out made him more human than the books ever did.You could see the shame on his face, and it made it clearer than the books ever could that he is the way he is not because he is stupid or because he doesn't love Theon, but because the shame of that defeat has become who he is.I just rewatched the baptism scene, and it seemed to me that one could see on Theon's face how deeply he wanted, desperately, to belong.It was sad and beautiful, but I'm sure I'm influenced by my knowledge of what's in store for Theon.
1425	Envie	2012-04-16	I just rewatched the baptism scene, and it seemed to me that one could see on Theon's face how deeply he wanted, desperately, to belong.It was sad and beautiful, but I'm sure I'm influenced by my knowledge of what's in store for Theon.Yes, I said this exact same thing in another thread. I actually almost cried (felt the tingling in my nose and eyes but didn't cry) - haha!Theon's story is so tragic, its perfectly written for a drama show translation.Actors can portray things only hinted at in the books such as regret, sorrow, suspicion. Sure... GRRM is masterful at writing details but he may have intentionally left out bits of detail and emotion that the producers were able to extract and magnify on screen with George's nod of approval.Showing Balon Greyjoy having some emotion is a good thing. The viewer is deeply entangled in the tragedy of a man defeated whose entire existence including his religion and house motto revolve around hard steel and stone, being a warrior and taking what is rightfully yours. But in defeat and surrender, he had his only remaining son taken from him and now that son has been returned but has changed and the regrets are deep with Balon. I appreciate this scene and the looks we see that convey that deep emotion. It's this reason I was so excited for Game of Thrones to be brought to life. Not that I expected it to do a better job than George has done in writing the books, but that it will bring life and deeper meaning for many of the characters.I honestly didn't really give a crap about the Greyjoys in the book that much, but the show has brought them much more to life through brilliant imagery, filming and acting.
1426	Crown	2012-04-16	I love the way Patrick Malahide pronounces 'ironborn'.
1427	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	I agree with you 100% In fact, I am starting to like the Greyjoy story arc more in the HBO series than I did in the books. There are SO many good stories from the various houses that its hard to remember some of them when you have your favorites of course... but I feel like the producers took Theon's story, and what a tragedy it is and really ran with it... it makes EXCELLENT television drama.I'm going to confess, I actually felt like crying watching Alfie play Theon in the scenes with his salt water baptism and the burning of the letter. It was that powerful. I think because I know what ends up happening with Theon made it that much worse. I feel so damn sorry for this kid, yes even though he does some terrible crap and kills little kids at Winterfell. I feel like the show is making that future incident more believable and you can actually understand how very desperate Theon was to impress and win back his family's love. It's just tragic. He had no choice in any of it and it was hearbreaking to watch him pledge himself so fully and with such longing.I felt it as well.  The show is such a wonderful gift in that it adds so much life to the characters we love.  Sure they might stray on the finer points but scenes like last nights really make up for it. It will be interesting to see how Theon evolves in his next few appearances.  Does the baptism mark the beginning of a completely remorseless despicable Theon are will he still struggle with his actions.  My problem at this point is that they've made me like Theon, they've humanized Theon and I will have a hard time buying that he can 
	Spoiler stage the deaths of Bran and Rickon, without Ramsay's influence in the place he grew up.
  Will he just reconcile his actions with the need to prove himself to his father.  Now that the stain of the Starks have been washed off of him by the Drowned God will he be completely different?Dinklage deservedly gets all the press, but Alfie Allen and the guy who plays Balon quietly delivered one of the best pieces of acting in the show so far last night (They were helped by amazing camerawork as well).One thing the show has over the books is the ability to use the human face. Balon came off as a stupid prick who was terrible to his son and made stupid choices in the books. He's all of those things in the show, but that one shot where Theon yells about him abandoning his only son as Balon walks out made him more human than the books ever did.You could see the shame on his face, and it made it clearer than the books ever could that he is the way he is not because he is stupid or because he doesn't love Theon, but because the shame of that defeat has become who he is.Balon in the books was nothing to me.  He came off as a hardass and an asshole and then 
	Spoiler  he died and the way was paved for the more interesting brothers.
  In the show I'm presented with that stubborn ironborn attitude but I can also feel the pain and the pride and the shame.  Malahide is amazing and they better keep him cast. 
	Spoiler considering the show likes to show what we don't see in the books, like Craster's sacrifices, Varys little birds and other such things, I am really interested in seeing how they will kill Balon off.  Will they keep it offscreen like they did Robert or will they involve a faceless man or something else?
1428	isiman	2012-04-16	He had the letter in his hand and burned it, no?Yes, in the show.I meant in the books, we don't know what he could have really done in those weeks on Pyke.Maybe a letter could be sent, maybe the letter could be discovered, maybe he could have left or maybe not as the Isles were on lockdown.We don't know.@the bastard of boltonWhat you mean without Ramsay?Wasn't he cast?If not, that is a huge difference.In the books the killing of the miller's sons is Ramsay's work as much Theon's, maybe even more.
					
					
							Edited by isiman, 16 April 2012 - 04:41 PM.
1429	boojam	2012-04-16	The Ironborn are reavers. The can only related to rape, pillage and burning. They cannot fathom inking out a living in any other way. Balon is an old man, and old people can rarely see anything new. If they were to head West, they would only take what they could easily get their hands on still be broke and living on the dismal Pyke once that money ran out.  Victarion and Euron do not make an appearance until after Balon dies, if I am correct.In CoK Theon II there is a feast after which there is a war council Theon and Asha are there, but also Victarion and Aeron.Actually the big action is to be carried out by Victarion to take Moat Cailin, I don't think we ever see this operation.
1430	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-16	Yes, I said this exact same thing in another thread. I actually almost cried (felt the tingling in my nose and eyes but didn't cry) - haha!Theon's story is so tragic, its perfectly written for a drama show translation.Actors can portray things only hinted at in the books such as regret, sorrow, suspicion. Sure... GRRM is masterful at writing details but he may have intentionally left out bits of detail and emotion that the producers were able to extract and magnify on screen with George's nod of approval.Showing Balon Greyjoy having some emotion is a good thing. The viewer is deeply entangled in the tragedy of a man defeated whose entire existence including his religion and house motto revolve around hard steel and stone, being a warrior and taking what is rightfully yours. But in defeat and surrender, he had his only remaining son taken from him and now that son has been returned but has changed and the regrets are deep with Balon. I appreciate this scene and the looks we see that convey that deep emotion. It's this reason I was so excited for Game of Thrones to be brought to life. Not that I expected it to do a better job than George has done in writing the books, but that it will bring life and deeper meaning for many of the characters.I honestly didn't really give a crap about the Greyjoys in the book that much, but the show has brought them much more to life through brilliant imagery, filming and acting.Although I did care about the Greyjoys in the books I really agree with you here. It's great that we got to see that Balon is just holding a hard front but that he actually is a tormented man that sits on the stark shards of a broken kingdom. The addition of Theon pointing out that it was he who sent Theon away, and is now shunning him for having been gone, was magnificent and Alfie acted out Theon's desperate longing for a place to truly belong in a perfect manner. This will lead into future events in a very powerful way.
1431	Arkash	2012-04-16	Well, I dont even know if Moat Cailin will still exist in the show, so...
1432	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	In CoK Theon II there is a feast after which there is a war council Theon and Asha are there, but also Victarion and Aeron.Actually the big action is to be carried out by Victarion to take Moat Cailin, I don't think we ever see this operation.I know this. But, it still doesn't address the poor of the Pyke. They haven't anything to trade that sustains their society.
1433	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-16	For the record, I don't think Balon's primary motive is "revenge" against the North, in the books or the show. On the contrary, tt seems he really does think this is a good plan. He fears the might of Casterly Rock, and sees Robb as a green boy with undefended lands. The plan is good for the short-term - seize a lot of territory and block the path North at Moat Cailin, while the Wolves, Stags, and Lions wear eachother out. But the long-term inevitable war against the Iron Throne is the problem, and he fails to recognize this. Balon is too short-sighted and isolated from the political scene to realize that the neither Stannis, Renly, or Tywin will lever align with him while he wears a crown.
1434	Greyjoy67	2012-04-16	The Theon storyline wasn't my favourite in ACOK, but it's my favourite in the series so far. The cast just nail it. Malahide (sp?) as Balon as chilling, I just love his voice. He speaks with such conviction, . /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />  deliciously poetic. Alfie Allen's really starting to stand out as a character as well. His demise is classically tragic, and they're conveying that well in the series with lots of foreshadowing etc.
1435	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	From an emotional perspective, Theon nowhere near my favorite character of the books.  From a literary perspective, his POV chapters are my absolute favorites.  His storyline is such a tragic arc that really explores the issues of a person with a fractured identity.  Theon is neither Stark nor Ironborn.  No man truly claims him as a son.  No family truly trusts him.  Whichever side he takes he will be betraying one family or the other.  He was taken hostage/ward so long ago that he can be seen as suffering from the most horrible case of Stockholm syndrome.  And as he said in the show, none of it was actually his fault and neither family acknowledges that.  He is truly a sympathetic character.
Everything they put into his scenes on the show are what I imagine happened in the skipped weeks in the books.  There are so many subtle hints in his ACoK chapters to suggest the internal struggles he has when he's made to choose who he will be and ultimately which family he will support.  I'm glad they were explicit with make him sympathetic for the TV audience because I think that part of his character is often overlooked in the books.  I got choked up watching Alfie perform Theon.  So glad each scene is short because a few seconds longer and I would have been bawling.
1436	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-16	when he burnt the letter all i could see was Reek
1437	Triskan	2012-04-16	Dinklage deservedly gets all the press, but Alfie Allen and the guy who plays Balon quietly delivered one of the best pieces of acting in the show so far last night (They were helped by amazing camerawork as well).I agree.  Alfie Allen is killing it. I love Balon's line from last episode "Or did you buy it to match your fine clothes?"  He says it with such awesomely dripping condescension.
1438	Leto Atreides	2012-04-16	I'm surprised they didn't finish the episode with a cliffhanger where the priest drowns Theon. Only to have him cough and wake up in the next episode as a true drowned Iron born.
1439	Envie	2012-04-16	I'm surprised they didn't finish the episode with a cliffhanger where the priest drowns Theon. Only to have him cough and wake up in the next episode as a true drowned Iron born.I guess they decided not to deviate from the book on this one. While yes that would have made one heck of a cliffhanger (and as different as last week's with Jon Snow and Craster was from the books too).I'm actually glad they didn't. I think the way they did it with the consecration by pouring sea water over his head (as was in the books) was much more symbolic, plus it gave Alfie Allan a chance to really shine with non verbal emotion the way he did. You could just see in his upturned face how determined and desperate he was at that moment to prove his loyalty. It sets the stage perfectly for the future travesties he undertakes.I don't think a dramatic drowning scene would have done that as well.
1440	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	Well, I dont even know if Moat Cailin will still exist in the show, so...Moat Cailin was mentioned as well as several other key areas in the last episode.  Mentioned and featured are separate things to be sure but even if they cut characters out of the show they aren't cutting out parts of the world.I know this. But, it still doesn't address the poor of the Pyke. They haven't anything to trade that sustains their society.I sort of wondered how they sustained themselves after the rebellion.  If culture is completely based off of pillaging, what happens when the right to pillage has been taken away?  I guess they had a fisherman economy as well as probable looting done off the coast of Essos.I agree.  Alfie Allen is killing it.Now that Dinklage is a leading actor of the series it gives Alfie a chance at the supporting actor nomination.
1441	teemo	2012-04-16	This is one of my favorite storylines of the series so far.  I love this family.  Well, Asha needs to prove herself a little more, but the rest is just amazing.  The Greyjoys, Pyke, all the dialogue, Theon's internal struggles...love it!
1442	Lady IronHeart	2012-04-17	I'm really loving the Greyjoy stuff. I totally agree with dannister's last comment.
Random side note: I had always hoped that the people of the Iron Islands would have Scottish accents. I love how they use different dialects for some of the other locations, like the Northerners having Northern English accents etc. For some reason I always felt a good Glaswegian accent would fit well in Pyke. It would be a cool contrast when Theon returns if he had picked up the accent of Ned Stark from his time in Winterfell and sounded nothing like the rest of his family. I'm Scottish but I live in American and sometimes when I come back home they make fun of me for how American I sound. It's all in good fun with my folks, but imagine Balon's reaction when he not only sees Theon in those Northerner's clothes but Theon sounds like one as well!
There are some great Scottish actors in amongst all the other amazing members of the cast but they don't use their natural accents, which is cool. . I love how they cast internationally. I just hope that one other prominent location in the series is going to feature some awesome Scottish brogues /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1443	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-17	if they did sow, they would not be interesting
1444	KAralinda	2012-04-17	Even in the books, i always admire the greyjoys... Their stubborn, resistence, THE IRONBORN attitude e even their Words are my favorite from all house words...with the series came to fill the gaps of my admirance to the greyjoys (Theon and Balon)... Majestic interpretations... and iam already seeing alfie allen as REEK in future seasons!!!
					
					
							Edited by KAralinda, 17 April 2012 - 04:50 AM.
1445	boojam	2012-04-17	I know this. But, it still doesn't address the poor of the Pyke. They haven't anything to trade that sustains their society.There the other Iron Islands too, they seem to have the resources to mount a 'Viking' like culture. Victarion's fleet is fairly substantial.But yeah, even the Vikings had trade and a better economy (for a while) than the Ironborn. The Iron Isles , even united, could have mounted a limited land war, but that was doomed , as we see later.Jaqen would say "Ironborn have more courage than sense".
1446	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	I know this. But, it still doesn't address the poor of the Pyke. They haven't anything to trade that sustains their society.They do trade.  The boat Theon came over on was there to trade.  They mine tin and other soft metals.  The ironborn do not necessarily do the work, but there are people on the islands that do.
1447	Chelly	2012-04-17	I'm going to confess, I actually felt like crying watching Alfie play Theon in the scenes with his salt water baptism and the burning of the letter. It was that powerful. I think because I know what ends up happening with Theon made it that much worse. I feel so damn sorry for this kid, yes even though he does some terrible crap and kills little kids at Winterfell. I feel like the show is making that future incident more believable and you can actually understand how very desperate Theon was to impress and win back his family's love. It's just tragic. He had no choice in any of it and it was hearbreaking to watch him pledge himself so fully and with such longing.Word. Don't feel bad about feeling like crying. My sorry ass actually teared during Theon speech to his father. "YOU GAVE ME AWAY!" As soon as that, it was a done deal. It was pretty heart-wrenching, not just because I love Theon as a character but the acting was on point. I'm so glad Alfie Allen was cast as Theon and Patreck Malahide really put some humanity into Balon during that scene. The shot of Balon with his back turned on Theon during Theon's plea gave us a view of Balon we couldn't get in the books. He had this pained expression on his face that showed that what Theon was saying really was hitting him hard even though he refused to show it.
1448	WolveseatDragons	2012-04-17	I completely agree that the Ironborn/Theon story has been better in the show than the books, with the exception of Asha/Yara's character.  I am far more sympathetic to Theon in the show, in the books I always felt like he was getting what he deserved and just wanted him to die painfully for what he did to the Starks who had been so good to him.  They could have made his life much harder but Ned always treated Theon like another son, he actually got better treatment than Jon.
I also agree that it never really made sense why Balon wanted to attack the North other than revenge.  The only wealth in the North is in White Harbor which is the one place he couldn't go.  There is no way to hold the North with a small army of seaman.  There was certainly no way the Ironborn could ever take most of the castles of the North that were far inland. At some point the Starks would get back in control and take vengeance on the Iron Islands as well.  Even if he was successful the real mistake is the North doesn't care about keeping the Iron Islands in the Kingdom but the Lannisters, Baratheons, and Tyrells do and they have the ships and men to take Pyke once again.  The plan just doesn't make sense.
Casterly Rock or at least the Westerlands OTOH are filled with lightly defended castles with tremendous stores of wealth.  They don't need the gold mines, they just need to take the castles that have the gold and take it back to the Iron Islands.  Casterly Rock itself may have been difficult but Lannisport and the rest of the Westerlands were easy pickings as shown by what Robb was doing.  He also could have gone farther South and pillaged The Reach, all of their armies and navy are on the wrong side of Westeros.  He could have attacked either of those areas with impunity and demanded his crown be recognized as well as taken other spoils and there would have been almost nothing Tywin or Mace Tyrell could do but to buy him off.
1449	Thendel	2012-04-17	Whenever I watched Theon's with Robb, I would always wonder how he'd go from that to betrayal. To my amazement, I now feel that I understand Tv-Theon's motivations (though I do not agree with his choices), whereas book-Theon came off to me as a powerhungry, ingrateful douche. Allen was amazing in this episode.
I was also impressed by Malahide's portrayal of Balon. I felt nothing for Book-Balon during Clash, and his death in Storm was "meh" to me. When I was introduced to Victarion and Euron, I appreciated how Balon's death gave room in the story to his brothers. TV-Balon feels much more a part of the story to me, as the Ironborn culture oozes off the man. When Theon yelled at him to his back, I even felt that there was a real man inside that was capable of regret.
TV-Asha OTH hasn't been satisfying as of yet. She doesn't seem half as charismatic as book-Asha was, and I still can't imagine her hefting an axe with any ease.
1450	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-17	I always thought that We Do Not Sew explained the Ironbornâ<U+0080><U+0099>s appalling wardrobes. Then I saw it was We Do Not Sow, which must be either about not planting crops or not raising pigs. (j/k)
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 17 April 2012 - 05:12 PM.
1451	MegasAV	2012-04-18	Agree with most on this thread the Pyke/Greyjoy scenes are just great on the big screen, and I also agree the foreshadowing to Theon transforming into Reek is also progressing well.  What I am curious to see is what type of cliffhanger the show is going to present for non-readers in terms of the fake Bran Rickon death scenes. 
Moreover I am curious if it will create the press firestorm that was created when Ned was executed in season 1.
1452	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	I always thought that We Do Not Sew explained the Ironbornâ<U+0080><U+0099>s appalling wardrobes. Then I saw it was We Do Not Sow, which must be either about not planting crops or not raising pigs. (j/k)Does (j/k) mean your joking? Cause if you are, it is a good joke. If you weren't, it's even better. I love these types of moments in life. I always laugh when I have them.
1453	My Little Kraken	2012-04-19	Does anyone know if we'll be seeing more of Balon Greyjoy this series?  He's been wonderful.  I was given to understand that he was only going to be in 2 episodes but I can't remember where I read that at.  I'd like to see more but I suppose they won't show more if Theon isn't going to be there.
1454	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-19	Does (j/k) mean your joking? Cause if you are, it is a good joke. If you weren't, it's even better. I love these types of moments in life. I always laugh when I have them.Yes, it meant I was joking.
1455	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-19	The actor for Balon has been doing a great job, Theon's scenes have been among the best this year. Only Tyrion's little scheme in this most recent episode was as good.
1456	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-20	Even in the books, i always admire the greyjoys... Their stubborn, resistence, THE IRONBORN attitude e even their Words are my favorite from all house words...with the series came to fill the gaps of my admirance to the greyjoys (Theon and Balon)... Majestic interpretations... and iam already seeing alfie allen as REEK in future seasons!!!I can't wait for them to get to Reek but I know that's several seasons away. I'm already anticipating Alfie Allen just bringing it with that storyline which was one of my favorites in ADWD even though I loathe the Greyjoys except Asha.One thing I didn't think about until the episode that never dawned on me while reading the books is, since Theon is Balon's last living son, why send him away to Winterfell? Why not send Asha instead? The Iron Islands culture is arguably the most sexist, mysongicistic culture in the entire world of ASOIAF. I know Asha is a complete tomboy and obviously very capable of handling her own but, I do wonder what Balon was thinking. If I had one son left, my heir, I wouldn't be giving him away. Sure, he has his brothers but the Brothers Greyjoy have very little love for each other. Did he see weakness in Theon that Asha doesn't posess? Was he hoping it would toughen Theon up? Make him angry and bitter like the rest of the family so he could turn against the Starks?
					
					
							Edited by TeamDanyArya, 20 April 2012 - 11:54 AM.
1457	Trinket2	2012-04-21	I think Alfie is really good. The scene between him and Balon was very well done, you could feel Theon's frustration. I'm really starting to like Theon.
I feel so bad for what will happen to him /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1458	The Monkey	2012-04-21	I can't wait for them to get to Reek but I know that's several seasons away. I'm already anticipating Alfie Allen just bringing it with that storyline which was one of my favorites in ADWD even though I loathe the Greyjoys except Asha.One thing I didn't think about until the episode that never dawned on me while reading the books is, since Theon is Balon's last living son, why send him away to Winterfell? Why not send Asha instead? The Iron Islands culture is arguably the most sexist, mysongicistic culture in the entire world of ASOIAF. I know Asha is a complete tomboy and obviously very capable of handling her own but, I do wonder what Balon was thinking. If I had one son left, my heir, I wouldn't be giving him away. Sure, he has his brothers but the Brothers Greyjoy have very little love for each other. Did he see weakness in Theon that Asha doesn't posess? Was he hoping it would toughen Theon up? Make him angry and bitter like the rest of the family so he could turn against the Starks?I'm guessing they wouldn't have accepted Asha as a hostage, as sons are seen as much more valuable than sons.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 22 April 2012 - 11:33 AM.
1459	Greg Miller_2367	2012-04-21	Very well edited Theon videohttp://www.youtube.c...feature=related
1460	Chelly	2012-04-21	Very well edited Theon videohttp://www.youtube.c...feature=relatedYes. Thank you. That was great. Do you mind sharing this in the GoT youtube video thread. please? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I just rewatched the episode again and the Theon parts still affect me the same way they did in the first and second viewing.The Greyjoy parts continue to be my favorite parts of the season, so far.
1461	RoamingRonin	2012-04-22	The Greyjoys are such sad jokes. Balon doesn't seem to realize his rebellion failed the first time and THAT'S why his sons are dead and Theon was taken away. He doesn't even answer Theon when he confronted... he just slaps him! It's sure easy to pay the iron price when Ned Stark an Robert Baratheon are too dead to stop your rebellion a second time and Winterfell is completely empty. Crowns come cheap these days, dude, didn't you know? Their scenes lose so much power when you realize all that yelling and swaggering is over a plan to attack a child lord and a bunch of clueless servants.
1462	boojam	2012-04-26	The Greyjoys are such sad jokes. Balon doesn't seem to realize his rebellion failed the first time and THAT'S why his sons are dead and Theon was taken away. He doesn't even answer Theon when he confronted... he just slaps him! It's sure easy to pay the iron price when Ned Stark an Robert Baratheon are too dead to stop your rebellion a second time and Winterfell is completely empty. Crowns come cheap these days, dude, didn't you know? Their scenes lose so much power when you realize all that yelling and swaggering is over a plan to attack a child lord and a bunch of clueless servants.Since this thread has a spoiler flag, we know that it happens all over again. Balon is wrong again as we know by the end of ADwD, but then he's dead . Not clear that the Greyjoys who take over have any better sense than him, they could all be bound for vainglory. Victarion seems to have a handle on how to win the big sea battle coming up, but does he confuse cowardice with caution?We shall see.
1463	Wex Pyke	2012-04-27	I would have preferred to see a drowning scene, not just the Damphair pouring water out of a vessel.
					
					
							Edited by Wex Pyke, 27 April 2012 - 10:26 AM.
1464	Not-a-Weirwood-Tree	2013-03-06	I like Theon's story in the show a little better than in the book too, Theon seems more human. But that means Reek's story won't be as effective. Oh well, it might be, we got a long way to go!
I rewatched this episode last weekend with my friend, and he already knew Asha was one of my favorite characters, and he was like "this is the person you like more than everyone else?" and I was like "she gets better..."
1465	Bride of Winter	2012-04-17	This may be a dumb question. if so, I apologizeI'm kind of confused as to why Mormont told Jon "The wildlings serve crueler gods than you and I". Mormont, Jon, and the readers are all fully aware that the wildlings, Starks, and Mormonts all follow the old gods. even if the old gods turn out to be a bit crueler than imagined, the fact remains that the wildlings serve the same gods as the rest of the North. It could just be a really poor way of wording that Craster's "serving" the Others. But one, he really isn't - a shady deal to stay alive hardly counts as worshiping. and two, it doesn't bode well with the fact that Craster's hardly even considered a wildling, and the rest of the wildlings look down on him. It also doesn't fit the theme of realizing that the wildlings are just as human as the people below the wall who shun them. Unless maybe they're intentionally making the wildlings seem more barbaric than they actually are to make their 'humanization' that comes later more clear? Still, there must have been a better way to word it.
1466	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-18	I don't think he meant anything about the old gods.  I just took it as a figure of speech, i.e. they have a much harder life and sacrifices have to be made.  Some, as in Craster's case, in the literal sense.
1467	Greywolf2375	2012-04-18	It's not intended to be literal as worshipping The Seven or any other god.  It's meant in the same way as "money is a cruel god" - he has something more powerful than he is directing how his life is led.  He doesn't provide the offering...he gets taken sort of situation.
1468	Blisscraft	2012-04-18	I don't think he meant anything about the old gods.  I just took it as a figure of speech, i.e. they have a much harder life and sacrifices have to be made.  Some, as in Craster's case, in the literal sense. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1469	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-18	I was confused about this at first too, but someone reminded me that there is actually an identical line in the book (Jon and Mormont are having a similar conversation only on the Fist) that uses the "crueller gods" phrase. Ferrum Aeternum is right, I think.
1470	boojam	2012-04-18	I don't think he meant anything about the old gods.  I just took it as a figure of speech, i.e. they have a much harder life and sacrifices have to be made.  Some, as in Craster's case, in the literal sense.Or a teleplay writer's slip, it's nit anyway.I mean the wildings don't worship the Others that I have ever seen.In fact , when reading the novels, I keep thinking , the Others are on the move, and yeah they get talked about by the wildings, who know them well, but why not more? They seem a greater threat than the Watch.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 April 2012 - 08:59 AM.
1471	TheWanderer	2012-04-18	Although both the Northmen and the wildlings worship the Old Gods, it seems to me that most Northmen have toned down their worship. It seems that human sacrifice is part of the religion in some (more northern) regions, such as Skagos and possibly north of the wall as well. So while the gods may be the same on both sides of the Wall I think its still fair to say that they're crueler north of it.In fact , when reading the novels, I keep thinking , the Others are on the move, and yeah they get talked about by the wildings, who know them well, but why not more? They seem a greater threat than the Watch.Presumably because they have been sleeping for thousands of years. The wildlings appear to lack a writing system, and certainly lack a stable culture, so really the fact that they still know what they are at all speaks to the scope of the threat.
1472	_Oberyn_	2012-04-18	There is subtle indications throughout the books that in the distant past there were human sacrifices tho the weirwoods.Edit: TheWanderer said it better while i was making coffee /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 18 April 2012 - 11:05 AM.
1473	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	Doesn't Melisandre speak of The Great Other which is everything that the Lord of Light stands against?
I always thought that it was some sort of odd religion linked to White Walker culture. 
I guess one of the problems is that apart from Craster I don't recall anyone at all worshiping these Others.  The wildings that gather to cross south of the wall seem mostly affixed to the Old Gods.  Might be the ones that aren't present need not escape because they pay homage to the Others?
1474	Envie	2012-04-18	Doesn't Melisandre speak of The Great Other which is everything that the Lord of Light stands against?I always thought that it was some sort of odd religion linked to White Walker culture.I guess one of the problems is that apart from Craster I don't recall anyone at all worshiping these Others.  The wildings that gather to cross south of the wall seem mostly affixed to the Old Gods.  Might be the ones that aren't present need not escape because they pay homage to the Others?I think you're coming closer to the truth in this topic than anyone else has so far.I think what Mormont was meant to convey was that there are 'worse' things out there than the Old Gods who are just seen as benign nature spirits who live in the weirwood trees and were worshipped by the children of the forest and then later by the men of the north and the wildlings.I believe by 'serving crueler gods' he meant the Others. Think about it. Craster willingly gives over his infant sons as a sacrifice in order to keep the Others from killing him and his wives. It's his peace offering - and in that way, he is in fact serving the Others regardless if they are really Gods or not, they are being revered as Gods because they have the power to destroy."The Great Other" Melisandre refers to is the other half of the Fire in a Song of Ice and Fire... its the cold, dark, ice side of the equation. Like the ying and the yang, the light and the dark. Of course, its arguable whether or not this so-called "Lord of Light" is in fact a good God at all by comparison. Seems to me there's definitely no good and evil and that the fire god is as cruel as the ice god.The Others are a manifestation of The Great Other in Melisandre's view.
1475	Valkyrist	2012-04-18	There are hundreds of "Old Gods". The Wildling culture is much closer to the First Men, than the Northmen. The North worship the Old Gods in a quiet, mediattive way, whereas the First Men would often offer human sacrifices to the Weirwoods; pouring blood into its roots and hanging entrails across its branches. True, Mormont and Craster technically follow the same faith, but the Wildling faith seems much harsher and savage.
Also, the Wildlings do not worship the Others/White Walkers. Craster merely offers sacrfices to them, so that they'll leave him alone. Mormont probably just though he was just offering sacrifices to the Weirwood, as the First Men used to. If he had any notion that Craster was helping the Others, he would have him hanged.
					
					
							Edited by Valkyrist, 18 April 2012 - 07:30 PM.
1476	Envie	2012-04-18	Also, the Wildlings do not worship the Others/White Walkers. Craster merely offers sacrfices to them, so that they'll leave him alone. Mormont probably just though he was just offering sacrifices to the Weirwood, as the First Men used to. If he had any notion that Craster was helping the Others, he would have him hanged.Would he really? Think about it. Mormont has known for a long time that Craster has been sacrificing his sons, but perhaps not exactly what he was sacrificing them to. Maybe he even has a slight unsettling suspicion that these are somehow connected to the rumors of the Others starting to 'wake up'  as the wildlings (including Osha) are saying. IF he knows Craster is somehow able to hold the Others at bay because of his sacrifices, do you think Mormont would willingly remove that one final barrier between the Wall and the rest of the north? Mormont knows he doesn't have enough men to defend the wall - he's know that for a long time too. He's been playing a delicate waiting game, with ever rising suspicion that there's something very wrong going on north of the wall. That's why he keeps sending more and more messages to King's Landing pleading for more men. While the rest of the southern kingdoms believe its just wildlings and therefore no big threat... I have a sneaky suspicion Mormont's known for awhile that its much worse than wildlings but is completely handicapped by lack of fresh men.If you knew that the only thing left standing between your post on the wall and the Others was Craster's Keep...would you be eager to destroy the man holding that border line?
1477	Bastard of the White Knife	2012-04-19	Although both the Northmen and the wildlings worship the Old Gods, it seems to me that most Northmen have toned down their worship. It seems that human sacrifice is part of the religion in some (more northern) regions, such as Skagos and possibly north of the wall as well. So while the gods may be the same on both sides of the Wall I think its still fair to say that they're crueler north of it.Presumably because they have been sleeping for thousands of years. The wildlings appear to lack a writing system, and certainly lack a stable culture, so really the fact that they still know what they are at all speaks to the scope of the threat.I agree.  As stated above, Mormont's line does come from the books, albeit at a different point.  We know from various stories such as the history of the "Old Castle" at White Harbor (cannot remember the name) and Bran's flashbacks that the first men engaged in blood rituals and/or sacrafices to the old Gods.  It may be that this "purer" form of worship has been lost over the centuries but is retained by more isolated communities that worship the old gods.  I do think that the white walkers share a connection to the COTF and the Old Gods.  We know the COTF worshipped the Old Gods and we know that the first men adopted them.  We know that the COTF used magic and obsidian weapons which could not match the bronze armor and weapons of the first men.  Of course, obsidian is actually useful against the Others which would indicate that there was historical animus betweeen the Others and the COTF - the latter of which are dying out just as the former returns.
1478	Leuf	2012-04-19	Would he really? Think about it. Mormont has known for a long time that Craster has been sacrificing his sons, but perhaps not exactly what he was sacrificing them to. Maybe he even has a slight unsettling suspicion that these are somehow connected to the rumors of the Others starting to 'wake up'  as the wildlings (including Osha) are saying. IF he knows Craster is somehow able to hold the Others at bay because of his sacrifices, do you think Mormont would willingly remove that one final barrier between the Wall and the rest of the north? Mormont knows he doesn't have enough men to defend the wall - he's know that for a long time too. He's been playing a delicate waiting game, with ever rising suspicion that there's something very wrong going on north of the wall. That's why he keeps sending more and more messages to King's Landing pleading for more men. While the rest of the southern kingdoms believe its just wildlings and therefore no big threat... I have a sneaky suspicion Mormont's known for awhile that its much worse than wildlings but is completely handicapped by lack of fresh men.This doesn't track because if Mormont knows earlier then so does Benjen.  As First Ranger, he would be the one to tell Mormont in the first place.  If Benjen knows, then why doesn't Mormont send Benjen to personally explain this to Ned to get the men he needs?  If Benjen knows, why doesn't he try harder to keep Jon from joining when he comes down to Winterfell?If you knew that the only thing left standing between your post on the wall and the Others was Craster's Keep...would you be eager to destroy the man holding that border line?If you knew the Others were out there, would you ride out to find out what's out there?  I mean Others > Anything else that might be out there. You don't really need to know anything else.Mormont doesn't know.  He's more concerned with what Mance is up to.
1479	Envie	2012-04-19	Certainly possibilities. But with the changes made to the screenplay vs. the book, its getting a little more confusing to understand the motivations. I felt like in the books, I was fairly positive until AFTER the Night's Watch left Craster's Keep and then proceeded to be chased and killed off little by little by Others (where Sam kills one with the dragon glass) that Mormont and the others in charge of the Night's Watch did not know about the Others or at least didn't believe it for certain. The addition of the scenes in the series with Craster leaving the baby offering out in the snow, and Mormont's words to Jon, I'm now wondering if they're trying to hint that the Others are more well known than is suggested in the books.
Perhaps its just being sped up in the series out of necessity to prepare the audience for their existence and the battles with them to come.
1480	Jon Snows Ghost	2012-04-20	The Great Other that Melisandre was refering to.
1481	GraveWorries	2012-04-22	First post and spoiler alerts!
  I'm reading the books again and have reached the end of Feast for Crows. From what I remember there is a scene in ADWD where somebody discovers bones inside a heart tree.
   Since those are worshipped is it not possible that the ," Crueller Gods" could include sacrifices to the trees and not just to the Others.?  The trees do drink blood when they can get it after all.
1482	Volantis	2012-10-16	This may be a dumb question. if so, I apologizeI'm kind of confused as to why Mormont told Jon "The wildlings serve crueler gods than you and I". Mormont, Jon, and the readers are all fully aware that the wildlings, Starks, and Mormonts all follow the old gods. even if the old gods turn out to be a bit crueler than imagined, the fact remains that the wildlings serve the same gods as the rest of the North.It could just be a really poor way of wording that Craster's "serving" the Others. But one, he really isn't - a shady deal to stay alive hardly counts as worshiping. and two, it doesn't bode well with the fact that Craster's hardly even considered a wildling, and the rest of the wildlings look down on him. It also doesn't fit the theme of realizing that the wildlings are just as human as the people below the wall who shun them. Unless maybe they're intentionally making the wildlings seem more barbaric than they actually are to make their 'humanization' that comes later more clear?Still, there must have been a better way to word it.The writers thought it sounded very cool. Thats all.
1483	theriveryeti	2013-02-22	First post and spoiler alerts!  I'm reading the books again and have reached the end of Feast for Crows. From what I remember there is a scene in ADWD where somebody discovers bones inside a heart tree.   Since those are worshipped is it not possible that the ," Crueller Gods" could include sacrifices to the trees and not just to the Others.?  The trees do drink blood when they can get it after all.To go along with your post, in ASOS Craster said, "A godly man's got no cause to fear such [wights or Others]/  I said as much to that Mance Rayder once, when he come sniffing round.  He never listened, no more'n you crows with your swords and your bloody fires.   That won't help you none when the white cold comes.  Only the gods will help you then.  You best get right with the gods."This doesn't sound like a figure of speech to me.
1484	JackSpadegi	2012-04-21	I've been a bit disappointed by the Slynt's substitution. In the books, the man who takes his place, is Jocelyn Bywater and even if I hadn't paid attention to the fact that no one was chosen to play this character, I didn't like very much Bronn as the Commander of the City Watch.
Seriously, Bronn? A mercenary, with no title, no lands and no fame becoming the Commander of the CW? Tyrion (from the books) would have never done it unless Bronn had received something like the knighthood after the Battle of the Blackwater. Cersei would have destroyed the Imp if he had put a mercenary with nothing but his sword in charge as the Commander of the CW.
I'm not accusing HBO, I know that Bywater is a secondary character and that they have to restrain the whole CoK in 10 hours, but I just can't stand this thoughtless and stupid action of Tyrion (from the TV show). I believe they won't even consider the fact that Bronn has been raised so high replacing SER Janos Slynt, avoiding the fact that the Queen would have attacked and changed Tyrion's plans if they had were planned in the books and not on the TV show.
Is it just me or does someone else think it too?
1485	The One True King	2013-01-30	It is stupid, and Bywater leads the the men who surprise Rosby, so he does have quite a key role in Tyrion's plans. They should have kept him!
He has such a badass nickname as well "Ironhand".
1486	Salome Sand Witch	2012-04-16	Ok, I must admit, I was a little surprised to see that they chose to portray Margaery Tyrell far "sexier" with her feminine wiles than the character of Cersei!
I think it's fair to say that in the books she's certainly intelligent, aware, and goes out of her way to portray herself as the "perfect companion", so to have her so obviously sexy in front of everyone at Renly's tournament was shocking to me.
Also the fact that Loras stated the official story is that Margaery is still a virgin was interesting.  That's a piece of information that has been left in question in the books.  I'm wondering if this small piece was artistic license, or whether that's information GRRM gave the producers that has not been disclosed/confirmed in the books yet.  Hmmmmm.
1487	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	I think Margery's wholesomeness come into play much later in the books, specifically after the Joffrey-Margery alliance is considered. 
I always got the impression that Margery was all about playing the game and was shrewd, saavy, and a bit conniving.  She was privy to the plot to get Sansa out of Kings landing and was well aware of what she was getting into with the little horror that is Joffrey Lannister. 
Her attractiveness was mentioned over and over in the books and she seemed a little bit of a temptress to me the way characters would speak about her.
1488	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	Yeah I was surprised by the Loras line as well, but obviously we've already seen numerous things in the show that were left to the imagination (Renly being gay, Stannis sleeping with Melisandre), even if strongly hinted at in the books.
I'm ok with Margery's portrayal, both in terms of being sexy and her being more of a player in the game.  In the books we saw her subtley manipulate Tommen, but we never really knew if she knew how to play the game or if she just followed the queen of thorns' orders.  This is more direct, but it saves one more character for the TV followers to have to learn.
1489	sennahoj	2012-04-16	I don't mind Margaery having a more active role in the tv series this early on, but I think both Margaery's dress and her behaviour were a bit inappropriate. Generally, the costumes on the show are great, but I thought the gown she wears at the tournament was a bit too revealing for a supposedly virgin of noble birth in a medievalish society. And the way she casually took off her clothes in the tent scene with Renly was a bit too soft-porn cheesy, and it reminded me too much of how the whores in Littlefinger's brothels behave. Even if the "officially still a virgin" bit means she in fact isn't, the overall portrayal doesn't befit a lady who at least pretends to be a virgin. Dormer's portrayal of her makes Margaery appear just appear as promiscuous as Dormer's Anne Boleyn, considering she has only been on screen for a couple of minutes, and I'm unsure whether that was what the writers were going for.
1490	Ski the Swift	2012-04-16	Yeah I was surprised by the Loras line as well, but obviously we've already seen numerous things in the show that were left to the imagination (Renly being gay, Stannis sleeping with Melisandre), even if strongly hinted at in the books.I'm ok with Margery's portrayal, both in terms of being sexy and her being more of a player in the game.  In the books we saw her subtley manipulate Tommen, but we never really knew if she knew how to play the game or if she just followed the queen of thorns' orders.  This is more direct, but it saves one more character for the TV followers to have to learn.Is there a chance that they are maybe cutting the Queen of Thorns role? Making Margery more intelligent and being able to play the game can make her fill in the role of organizing PW.
1491	Thunderfist	2012-04-16	Is there a chance that they are maybe cutting the Queen of Thorns role? Making Margery more intelligent and being able to play the game can make her fill in the role of organizing PW.I hope not, the QoT rocks!
1492	Envie	2012-04-16	C'mon guys, this is HBO - you knew they already put sexuality up there as an important factor to draw fans in and help them identify or 'like' many of the female characters.
You're shocked they have Margaery wearing a very low cut gown, but not so shocked Melisandre does the same "look what I have inside my dress" trick with Stannis in the previous episode? Really? I mean come on, we're talking about stone face STANNIS here... that's so out of character haha!
Ok ok, sure - Margaery is 'supposed' to be a young maiden, virgin like even if you believe one theory or the other. But do you really believe that's how she was written in the book? This woman got into every strategic political alliance possible and has a manipulative sly grandmother pulling a huge number or strings behind the scenes. I can definitely see that being tranlated and exaggerated to a far more beguiling real life character in the show. They want you to see how willing Margaery is to make the Tyrells into a royal family at any cost. She was that way in the books too but Martin just didn't give a lot of details about her personal looks and motivators... it was left up to the imagination of the reader. Apparently a lot of you imagined her a lot more innocent looking. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Don't go too far down the 'medieval' expectation of women of the time period this story was based on because this was a fantasy world, not Earth historical medieval. It's quite possible, as sexual as many were in George's world, that they dressed more revealingly all the time. 
Also, it was never written so explicitly that Renly was gay in the books either, yet HBO has displayed him much moreso than a mere 'hint' of it. Viewers are bashed over the head with it just as they are sexuality in general. Sex sells and Margaery uses her one gift (beauty) to advance her family's desires for power. She clearly has been taught from a young age how to use that gift and play the game of thrones masterfully as a potential Queen. I thought it was great.
1493	BloodOfKingu	2012-04-16	Also, it was never written so explicitly that Renly was gay in the books eitheri am always surprised when people say they didn't realize that renly is gay. i thought it was pretty much spelled out in the text.anyway...i didn't quite like the new sexy-marge at first, but i warmed to the character a lot more when she showed she really does have a brain and a strong grasp of politics.
1494	Chise	2012-04-16	but I think both Margaery's dress and her behaviour were a bit inappropriate. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   THIS!I couldn't agree more on her clothes.... did the designers get drunk and forget that they aren't making clothes for Ros & King's Landing whores or what....Her behavior didn't really bother me as much. Must be getting desensitized with HBO bashing us on the head with SEX!! all the damn time. I really do prefer the light touch the books did around Marg, Loras/Renly and Mel instead. Implies just enough, but doesn't just come out and show it directMargaery trying to consummate the marriage with shiny new King kinda made perfect sense.. but that awful dress *facepalm* its not just the hole-stripe down the front, but did they have to put beads to call extra attention to it too !?!
					
					
							Edited by Chise, 16 April 2012 - 01:32 PM.
1495	Envie	2012-04-16	i am always surprised when people say they didn't realize that renly is gay. i thought it was pretty much spelled out in the text.You're twisting what I said. I never said I didn't realize Renly is gay from the books!  I said it wasn't written explicitly like it is in the show. Renly never had multiple sex scenes in the book with Loras, never even kissed him or flirted or came close to it - so don't even try to say the book was as obvious as what we're watching (repeatedly) with sex scenes on the series. My point in saying that was to show how over the top obvious they play some things which in turn can translate to far more revealing and sexy costumes and behaviors from other characters like Melisandre and now Margaery.Show me where in the text of the book this is 'spelled out' and I'll agree with you a little more that readers should realize Renly was gay but not everyone did.
1496	Ski the Swift	2012-04-16	i am always surprised when people say they didn't realize that renly is gay. i thought it was pretty much spelled out in the text.anyway...i didn't quite like the new sexy-marge at first, but i warmed to the character a lot more when she showed she really does have a brain and a strong grasp of politics.And her breasts right?
1497	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-04-16	I loved this interpretation of Margaery.
It certainly makes me rethink my own vision of this character, but it makes a lot of sense if you think about it.
Loras was shown (in the books) to have a very intimate relationship with his sister, so it's only obvious that she knew about his sexual preference. And if she was around him and Renly, it's also obvious that someone who isn't completely blind would pick up a few things.
And about the inappropriate behaviour/clothes, I got the feeling it was meant to show her as a stronger, more aggressive person. Yes, that dress left little to the imagination, but I saw it as an extension of her personality. She isn't afraid to tell the truth, even to a king. It worked for me.
1498	Debb2	2012-04-16	I loved the portrayal of Margaery. My reading of the book left me unsure whether she's naive and virginal or knowing and cunning. I like the choice the programme made and am really looking forward to her story line.
1499	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-16	is HBO canon? Cuz if it is then was Cersei right about the incest?
And Natalie Dormer is way hot and did a great job as Margaery
1500	Pliny	2012-04-16	Ok, I must admit, I was a little surprised to see that they chose to portray Margaery Tyrell far "sexier" with her feminine wiles than the character of Cersei!I think it's fair to say that in the books she's certainly intelligent, aware, and goes out of her way to portray herself as the "perfect companion", so to have her so obviously sexy in front of everyone at Renly's tournament was shocking to me.Also the fact that Loras stated the official story is that Margaery is still a virgin was interesting.  That's a piece of information that has been left in question in the books.  I'm wondering if this small piece was artistic license, or whether that's information GRRM gave the producers that has not been disclosed/confirmed in the books yet.  Hmmmmm.The dress was certainly something one notices right away!Have you noticed that the different regions seem to have their own clothing customs for women? In the North the women wear woolen gowns with those gathered-collared blouses underneath, in King's Landing the ladies wear gowns of lighter fabric, but with a kimono-inspired wrap, and in the Vale the gowns are draped and gathered in the front (which I found to be reminiscent of wings)? Highgarden in supposed to be warm, and so perhaps the gowns there are all deeply cut. I guess that will be interesting when we meet the Queen of Thorns (if we meet her at all, somebody suggested her character might be merged with Margery. That seems entirely likely to me).She's not as I'd pictured her, though. Oh well.Edit: just wanted to add that I LOVE the dresses the prostitutes wear in King's Landing. I need one of those for this summer! I might prefer it cut a bit higher in the back, though! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Pliny, 16 April 2012 - 02:59 PM.
1501	Envie	2012-04-16	Edit: just wanted to add that I LOVE the dresses the prostitutes wear in King's Landing. I need one of those for this summer! I might prefer it cut a bit higher in the back, though! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Dress?! Those sheer things Shae and the other prostitutes wear are little more than a nightgown in my book haha!I do agree though, the variety of dress styles and costumes are fabulous in the show. They really went all out finding unique styles. I think they wanted to get away from the expectation of a 'crude medieval' style as we're used to from history. Though the world is set in about the same time period and culture, its obviously a fantasy world and so its wonderful they're finding new and different ways to display the styles of hair and dress. I also like the dress of noble men and how much it too varies from region to region. Not just their armor, but their casual everyday and dress wear - particularly the beautiful vests, jackets and doublets of those in King's Landing and the court.
1502	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	is HBO canon? Cuz if it is then was Cersei right about the incest?And Natalie Dormer is way hot and did a great job as MargaeryI don't think you can technically take the show as cannon, although they receive a lot of input from GRRM.Either way, despite Margaery's dialogue I didn't take her offering Loras to join them in the bed as meaning they had slept together in the past.  I think she just knew that Renly was gay, and if he needed 'help' from someone he was attracted to she wouldn't mind.
1503	Morrigan	2012-04-16	Renly never had multiple sex scenes in the book with LorasNor did he in the show. He had one, in S1, and there wasn't even any nudity shown. In the last episode, they were kissing, not having sex., never even kissed him or flirted or came close to it - so don't even try to say the book was as obvious as what we're watching (repeatedly) with sex scenes on the series.Of course they were never shown as being in a relationship explicitly, we never got a POV from these characters and they would obviously keep their relationship private. Duh.Show me where in the text of the book this is 'spelled out' and I'll agree with you a little more that readers should realize Renly was gay but not everyone did.â<U+0080><U+009C>When the sun has set, no candle can replace it.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Now sheathe your bloody sword, or Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take it from you and shove it up some place even Renly never found.â<U+0080><U+009D>
1504	Crown	2012-04-16	You know, her breasts were wonderful and all. Hope we get see more of them, ehm, Margaery.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 16 April 2012 - 03:21 PM.
1505	BloodOfKingu	2012-04-16	You're twisting what I said. I never said I didn't realize Renly is gay from the books!  I said it wasn't written explicitly like it is in the show.that's what i was getting at; i thought it was pretty much spelled out from the beginning that renly was gay, it never even occurred to me anyone would think he wasn't. maybe it's because i have a gay cousin and have spent time in his circle of friends. there was no twisting intended. it was just a plain statement that i am surprised when people miss this.
1506	BloodOfKingu	2012-04-16	And her breasts right?that goes without saying!but it's that twinkle in her eyes that really gets me, though.
1507	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-16	that's what i was getting at; i thought it was pretty much spelled out from the beginning that renly was gay, it never even occurred to me anyone would think he wasn't. maybe it's because i have a gay cousin and have spent time in his circle of friends.there was no twisting intended. it was just a plain statement that i am surprised when people miss this.The impression I got from the books was that Renly was bisexual, though women might not have been his first preference. The character in the TV show appears to be incapable of sex with women. In the books, IIRC, Taena Merryweather was present at the marriage of Renly and Margaery and took part in Renly's disrobing. She later told Cersei that Renly was aroused when she and the other women stripped him naked and deposited him in bed with Margaery. Of course, she could simply have been telling Cersei what she wanted to hear, but who knows?
1508	Salome Sand Witch	2012-04-16	I too always thought the gay Renly/Loras thing was pretty explicit in the books.  And they did mention times they were together (Renly stating he was going to spend the night "praying" with Loras instead of being with Margaery, etc.)  And I'm not gonna lie - I was more gratified with last night's make-out session between the 2 than in the first season where I felt they were acting like whiny old women with each other /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
I make no bones about having Margaery be seen as a strong player.  (Heck, even in the books, I could see her stating that if Renly needed to plant a baby in her, he could invite Loras in).  I guess for me, I was commenting on 2 HBO decisions.
1. Making Margaery more "explicitly" sexy than Cersei.  Perhaps it's part of my disappointment in their choices to make Cersei more matronly and less obvious.  In fact, if anyone should be the typical sex bomb HBO stereotype, it would be the character of Cersei!
2. I perhaps feel that Margaery might be seen as a stronger player if she is portrayed as the "perfect companion" ie. very Queenly in a way that's demure and stately in public, but then is shown to be very pragmatic (ie. that bedroom scene!)
1509	Lord Varys	2012-04-16	They had two choices:
1. Making Margaery an extra, just sitting there, smiling, and being nice (that's all she does in the ACoK!).
2. To decide to expand her role somewhat and give her additional scenes with Renly and Loras. But showing Margaery in private demands showing the 'true Margaery', and despite her young age, I really do consider the book Margaery to be just this way.
So I really had no problem with that. The only exception being the fact that Renly apparently was not aware that Margaery knew about him and Loras. This makes Renly way to naive...
1510	snax	2012-04-16	It makes me a little nervous that Natalie Dormer looks well over twenty. The visual age differences between her and boyish-looking Joffrey and Tommen are going to be huge. Like I mentioned elsewhere, she could pass for Tommen's mother.
I'm not completely sold on the new Margaery angle. It would've been nice to have one Tyrell who wasn't scheming.
1511	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I don't mind Margaery having a more active role in the tv series this early on, but I think both Margaery's dress and her behaviour were a bit inappropriate. Generally, the costumes on the show are great, but I thought the gown she wears at the tournament was a bit too revealing for a supposedly virgin of noble birth in a medievalish society. And the way she casually took off her clothes in the tent scene with Renly was a bit too soft-porn cheesy, and it reminded me too much of how the whores in Littlefinger's brothels behave. Even if the "officially still a virgin" bit means she in fact isn't, the overall portrayal doesn't befit a lady who at least pretends to be a virgin. Dormer's portrayal of her makes Margaery appear just appear as promiscuous as Dormer's Anne Boleyn, considering she has only been on screen for a couple of minutes, and I'm unsure whether that was what the writers were going for.So highborn women are horny or sexual?
1512	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Yeah I was surprised by the Loras line as well, but obviously we've already seen numerous things in the show that were left to the imagination (Renly being gay, Stannis sleeping with Melisandre), even if strongly hinted at in the books.I'm ok with Margery's portrayal, both in terms of being sexy and her being more of a player in the game.  In the books we saw her subtley manipulate Tommen, but we never really knew if she knew how to play the game or if she just followed the queen of thorns' orders.  This is more direct, but it saves one more character for the TV followers to have to learn.Sorry but, Renly being gay, with Loras as his lover, was always out there and so was Stannis sleeping with Mel. It was never left to the imagination. I don't care for the actress, however, I like her portrayal of Margaery.
1513	Lord Varys	2012-04-16	Lady Alerie seems to be a no-schemer. And Loras is at best a modest schemer, as is Mace. The real schemers are Olenna, Margaery, and (possibly) Garlan and Willas (Willas seems to be not stupid, and Garlan most likely was the actual poisoner).
But Margaery of all people is very much in the scheming business:
1. She went along with Mace's/Loras's scheme to crown Renly and married him.
2. She consented to marry Joffrey after Renly's death and was privy to/complicit in Lady Olenna's plot to murder Joffrey.
3. She befriended Sansa for the sole purpose to marry her to her brother Willas.
4. She actively tried to alienate Tommen from his mother. And she most certainly had her own intrigues to get rid of Cersei.
I'm quite convinced we will get to the core of her personality in TWoW. We finally need a Tyrell POV in that book.
1514	The Monkey	2012-04-16	It makes me a little nervous that Natalie Dormer looks well over twenty. The visual age differences between her and boyish-looking Joffrey and Tommen are going to be huge. Like I mentioned elsewhere, she could pass for Tommen's mother.I'm not completely sold on the new Margaery angle. It would've been nice to have one Tyrell who wasn't scheming.Can you just imagine how cute Margaery and Tommen will look together? Aww.... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1515	hurricaneez2	2012-04-16	Natalie Dormer is a goddess!!! And I love here potrayal of Margaery
1516	Envie	2012-04-16	Sorry but, Renly being gay, with Loras as his lover, was always out there and so was Stannis sleeping with Mel. It was never left to the imagination. I don't care for the actress, however, I like her portrayal of Margaery.Oh that's baloney! Plenty was left up to the imagination. Martin has no problem writing explicit sex scenes in detail when he wants to, but with both Renly and Stannis, their sexual relations with Loras and Melisandre were never really written in any great detail. It was 'implied' what they did behind closed doors and that was part of the beauty of it - mystery and uncertainty.They've certainly left nothing to the imagination in the series, hah!
1517	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	When I saw that Dormer was cast as Margaery, I groaned.  I'm not a Dormer fan and I couldn't envision how the storyline would proceed with a woman who is older than Loras and Renly, who is the weight behind the scheming, and who would eventually marry Joffrey and Tommen.  I figured it would mean a lot of changes to the character as she was portrayed in the books.
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  My general loathing for Dormer seemed to melt away as she sold the part.  They did well with the changes they made and it all made sense.  Of course, I'm still curious how it will look on-screen with her marrying Joffrey and Tommen but that's seasons enough away that Dormer will have time to fully grow into her role.
Dormer also highlighted how poor the casting was done for Asha.  It showed that you can dramatically change a character and still make it acceptable for for book lovers.
I'm not bothered by all of the sex and nudity but I am bothered that they mute the violence so much.  Westeros is a pretty violent world and it sort of loses a bit of flavor when the blood flying is downgraded.
Also, just curious....where do people think Martin was supposed to write sex scenes for Renly?  He wasn't a POV.  Loras wasn't a POV.  Their servants didn't have POV's.  Even Varys doesn't have a POV.  Was a POV character supposed to be standing in the room giving a play-by-play?  Were they supposed to be screaming with pleasure a la Lysa and Petyr so that a POV could document it?  That wouldn't make sense as they were obviously trying to hide their relationship.  Same with Stannis.
					
					
							Edited by Dr. Pepper, 16 April 2012 - 05:58 PM.
1518	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-16	The dress was certainly something one notices right away!Have you noticed that the different regions seem to have their own clothing customs for women? In the North the women wear woolen gowns with those gathered-collared blouses underneath, in King's Landing the ladies wear gowns of lighter fabric, but with a kimono-inspired wrap, and in the Vale the gowns are draped and gathered in the front (which I found to be reminiscent of wings)? Highgarden in supposed to be warm, and so perhaps the gowns there are all deeply cut. I guess that will be interesting when we meet the Queen of Thorns (if we meet her at all, somebody suggested her character might be merged with Margery. That seems entirely likely to me).Huh. That's interesting. I certainly noticed the Northern collar-things, because they seemed to resemble ruffled neckties or cravats. And I certainly noticed the contrast with the south, but not to any level of visual consistency. Interesting. I'll have to take a closer look. The menswear in KL is also significantly lighter and more decorative than in the North, and Varys has his robes and such.
1519	Envie	2012-04-16	When I saw that Dormer was cast as Margaery, I groaned.  I'm not a Dormer fan and I couldn't envision how the storyline would proceed with a woman who is older than Loras and Renly, who is the weight behind the scheming, and who would eventually marry Joffrey and Tommen.  I figured it would mean a lot of changes to the character as she was portrayed in the books.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  My general loathing for Dormer seemed to melt away as she sold the part.  They did well with the changes they made and it all made sense.  Of course, I'm still curious how it will look on-screen with her marrying Joffrey and Tommen but that's seasons enough away that Dormer will have time to fully grow into her role.Dormer also highlighted how poor the casting was done for Asha.  It showed that you can dramatically change a character and still make it acceptable for for book lovers.I'm not bothered by all of the sex and nudity but I am bothered that they mute the violence so much.  Westeros is a pretty violent world and it sort of loses a bit of flavor when the blood flying is downgraded.Also, just curious....where do people think Martin was supposed to write sex scenes for Renly?  He wasn't a POV.  Loras wasn't a POV.  Their servants didn't have POV's.  Even Varys doesn't have a POV.  Was a POV character supposed to be standing in the room giving a play-by-play?  Were they supposed to be screaming with pleasure a la Lysa and Petyr so that a POV could document it?  That wouldn't make sense as they were obviously trying to hide their relationship.  Same with Stannis.Like you, I wasn't really sure about Natalie Dormer being cast as Margaery due to her age. But she's done a great job in this episode so I have hopes she's going to continue playing a convincing and clever Tyrell schemer (and yes she was a schemer taught by her amazing Grandmother!).Also, as a sidenote, I remember Natalie Dormer playing Anne Boleyn in the 'The Tudors' series on Showtime years ago so that was coloring my perception of her as a 'scheming queen' role haha!Dormer has the ability due to her pixie like face to play a role much younger than her natural age. Also, we must remember that they've aged everyone in the series up quite a bit from what they were written in the books. GRRM has also admitted in interviews he would have preferred a lot of the characters older than he originally wrote them. All of the Stark kids are older. Oddly, Joffrey, Myrcella and Tommen all seem to be about the same age as they were in the books. I don't think its going to look that odd to have Joffrey and Dormer playing Margaery together - Sansa is also older than Joffrey by a few years though it doesn't seem that way in the show.
1520	Racibor	2012-04-16	Stunning actress and her scene with Renly was both hilarious and meaningful plot- and characterwise. Way better then that forced Ros stuff from previous episodes.
1521	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Oh that's baloney! Plenty was left up to the imagination. Martin has no problem writing explicit sex scenes in detail when he wants to, but with both Renly and Stannis, their sexual relations with Loras and Melisandre were never really written in any great detail. It was 'implied' what they did behind closed doors and that was part of the beauty of it - mystery and uncertainty.They've certainly left nothing to the imagination in the series, hah!Renly and Loras praying together, right. Loras, "When the sun sets, no candle can replace it." not very subtle. Melisandre had spent the night in her chair by the fire, as she often did. With Stannis gone, her bed saw little use."
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 16 April 2012 - 06:14 PM.
1522	Envie	2012-04-16	Renly and Loras praying together, right. Loras, "When the sun sets, no candle can replace it." not very subtle. Melisandre had spent the night in her chair by the fire, as she often did. With Stannis gone, her bed saw little use."Keep arguing it all you like, the fact is neither of those characters had a 'sex scene' written into the books. Period. In the series we're getting very graphic ones. There's quite a large difference here in what you're denying as 'subtle' from the books. Yes, I believe those lines you quoted are subtle hints that there's something intimate happening but they are not defacto verbatim confirmations of sex happening. Someone could interpret those lines entirely differently.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 16 April 2012 - 06:17 PM.
1523	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Renly and Loras praying together, right. Loras, "When the sun sets, no candle can replace it." not very subtle. Melisandre had spent the night in her chair by the fire, as she often did. With Stannis gone, her bed saw little use." You really do not have to use much imagination to figure that out. It doesn't have be graphically described for it not to be clearly noticed.
1524	The Monkey	2012-04-16	Keep arguing it all you like, the fact is neither of those characters had a 'sex scene' written into the books. Period. In the series we're getting very graphic ones. There's quite a large difference here in what you're denying as 'subtle' from the books. Yes, I believe those lines you quoted are subtle hints that there's something intimate happening but they are not defacto verbatim confirmations of sex happening. Someone could interpret those lines entirely differently.Two people kissing is "graphic"?
1525	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	Two people kissing is "graphic"?I suppose it is to some. Third graders maybe.
1526	Envie	2012-04-16	Two people kissing is "graphic"?Uh, where were you season 1? You don't think the cock sucking scene with Loras and Renly was graphic?? (sorry to be so blunt but geez!)Not sure why you guys are being so blythe about this and missing the point entirely. The point, in trying to keep with the topic of this thread, is that a lot of things that were 'implied' or just a suggestion in the books are exaggerated quite a bit in the series for dramatic effect and sexual titillation for the viewers.Margaery appearing much more sexy in a low cut dress doesn't upset me at all, yet people are complaining about it and saying it was 'inappropriate' - I find that laughable considering the other examples I've given.
1527	Envie	2012-04-16	I suppose it is to some. Third graders maybe.No need to get insulting. The person asking is taking what I wrote completely out of context. I said the series has given us graphic indication of the sexual nature of relationships between Renly/Loras and Stannis/Melisandre that were not done in the books. He says, "kissing is graphic?" like I must be some kind of prude. So in order to correct that ignorant mistake, I'm willing to point out the far more 'graphic' nature of Renly and Loras' homosexual relationship as well as Mel and Stan banging away on the battlefield table like two college kids caught on the pool table at a frat party. bleh.
1528	Salome Sand Witch	2012-04-16	Keep arguing it all you like, the fact is neither of those characters had a 'sex scene' written into the books. Period. In the series we're getting very graphic ones. There's quite a large difference here in what you're denying as 'subtle' from the books. Yes, I believe those lines you quoted are subtle hints that there's something intimate happening but they are not defacto verbatim confirmations of sex happening. Someone could interpret those lines entirely differently.Um, Melisandre gave birth to Stannis' shadow child.  Where do you think babies come from?Also, when she was talking with John Snow, she mentioned she couldn't take anymore of Stannis' life force, but would transfer her attentions to John - which would give him unimaginable pleasure.It was also stated pretty explicitly that it was Melisandre who shared Stannis' bed, and not Queen Selyse.  So, to be honest, I'm not sure what you're saying is not explicit in the books.Translation to the show:  a bit of kissing in a scene which speaks exactly to the issues as expressed in the book does not equal the ickiness of Ros' screeching recipient of a finger bang in a scene which in essence completely changes the character of Littlefinger.  (Who believes he would disclose all that information to anyone, much less whores who could be spies?)OK, off the soap box now.Edit:  Envie responded above while I was writing this.  I will leave it as is, though.
					
					
							Edited by Salome Sand Witch, 16 April 2012 - 06:33 PM.
1529	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	Re: The explicitness of certain things in the show.  It has to be explicit for a TV audience especially since the characters storylines being debated never had a POV nor did they have someone watching while they were doing the dirty.  In a recent interview, GRRM agreed with how explicit D&D are being with some characters and he also listed a few future things that will need to be explicitly shown in the show, such as the Frey pies, because there is no real useful way to subtly show them. 
I imagine if we had a Renly or Loras POV, we'd get a sex scene in the books.  We had one Mel POV, but she even stated outright that she and Stannis shared a bed.  I suppose he could have gone a step further and had her flashback to every part of the sex scene, but that would have been ridiculous as she'd stated to Davos and Jon that she and Stannis did the dirty.  The biggest difference is how we assume Stannis came around to having sex with Mel.
1530	Envie	2012-04-16	Wow, you guys are really determined to flame the hell out of me for suggesting the show is being more 'graphic' than the subtle nature of the books and how each of the points listed were definitely explicit in the books. This is so ridiculous. Are you really deluding yourselves into thinking the two examples (book writing vs. show scenes) are anything the same??Ok, my last attempt, again, to clarify for you (three of you who keep arguing this mostly minor point):Um, Melisandre gave birth to Stannis' shadow child.  Where do you think babies come from?Yes, you're right. It's implied the 'shadow baby' Melisandre gives birth to is a result of sex with Stannis and a whole lot of creepy magic too. You know, someone with dark powers like that could possibly make a creature come out of her vagina that expands into a full grown demon without sperm and an egg, right? I mean, are we really talking biology here in such a bizarre fantasy concept? She didn't even gestate with this thing, she just appeared pregnant one night and Davos rowed her out to the cave where she births a demon in minutes that grows and vanishes into the castle... not very realistic but pretty creepy.  It's not a 'baby' - ugh!Also, when she was talking with John Snow, she mentioned she couldn't take anymore of Stannis' life force, but would transfer her attentions to John - which would give him imaginable pleasure.It was also stated pretty explicitly that it was Melisandre who shared Stannis' bed, and not Queen Selyse. So, to be honest, I'm not sure what you're saying is not explicit in the books.Again, two more examples in the book which imply sex with Stannis but does not describe any sex scene. It's left to the imagination of the reader to guess. I'm not DENYING Martin was writing about them having sex, I'm denying there was outright 'explicit' example as others keep trying to defend. It's not explicit, its implied. There's a huge difference when writing. A difference they chose not to go with in the television series.Translation to the show: a bit of kissing in a scene which speaks exactly to the issues as expressed in the book does not equal the ickiness of Ros' screeching recipient of a finger bang in a scene which in essence completely changes the character of Littlefinger. (Who believes he would disclose all that information to anyone, much less whores who could be spies?)Way to take the scenes out of context by comparison!  Once again - where were you as well as that other guy in season 1 when Loras gave Renly a blowjob? That isn't comparable at all to Ros finger banging a whore in another scene??I'm sorry you all disagree with me so strenuously but come on, this is silly. The argument is whether or not its explicitly detailed in the books that Renly was having a sexual relationship with Loras Tyrell. It's just not. It's hinted, implied, and left to the imagination of the reader to what extent their 'friendship' extends behind closed doors. Did I believe Renly was gay in the books? Yes, I was pretty sure he might be, but it really didn't matter to me in the greater picture other than wondering if Margaery was in fact still a virgin since if she was, it would support a gay theory better.On the other hand - in the series, we are bashed over the head with YES - graphic scenes of sex. Loras and Renly, in season one, have a homosexual sex scene. You don't think that was graphic? It wasn't just kissing, my god why do you people keep trying to say these scenes in the series are no big deal because we all KNEW it from the books. It's laughable.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 16 April 2012 - 06:58 PM.
1531	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	Envie, I get what you are saying and I agree that it was somewhat shocking when the show was so explicit.  I think the point the rest of us are trying to make is that there was no way for these particular sex scenes to be explicit because these characters weren't POV characters and no POV character was in the room with them when they were getting it on.  It makes more sense to show instead of tell on TV.
These sexual relations do become important in the books. The Lannisters accept the Tyrell's claim that Marg is a virgin without having her examined by a Septon.  The only conclusion is that it's widely known in court that Renly and Loras were lovers.  If the courtiers had no idea that Renly was gay, Marg would have had her maidenhead tested. 
Does homosexual sex bother you in general?  This is a genuinely curious question and I'm not trying to be judgmental at all.  I admit that I very much support gay rights but I did feel a tad uncomfortable seeing two men getting it on on TV since it's not something I see or talk about on a daily basis.
1532	bloocanary	2012-04-16	Ok, I'm going with Envie on this. I don't mind the L/R sex scenes in and of themselves because omg, hot. It did, however, take some getting used to having it shown to us rather than hinted at. Martin NEVER explicitly detailed that R/L and M/S had sex, it was definitely alluded to but never outright witnessed by any of the POV characters (the exception being Mel's reveal that her bed's been empty in Dance, but that's 4 books away from when it's revealed in the show, and so subtle you might miss it). 
That M/S had sex wasn't confirmed until DWD, so lets not act like it was spelled out for us all along. I like that we had to wait for confirmation, whereas there's no real mystery for those watching the show. Sure, Mel tells Davos she and Stannis had sex, but Davos doesn't trust a word Mel says, so why should we? Shadow Stannis could easily have been conceived by some sort of non-sex magic.
My only beef with the L/R scene is that their relationship was incidental to the story in the books, but in the show it's become their story arc's major plot point. In the book, Renly's role is that of a formidable challenger to the throne with one of the best knights in the realm as part of his personal guard. That he and Loras are a couple isn't confirmed until after he's dead. It's secondary. In the miniseries, Renly is one half of the show's token gay couple first and, oh yeah, he's doing some war stuff too. I understand why they're doing it and why they aren't following the strict POV rules of the book, but it is a little jarring to have something subtly and gradually revealed in the books revealed so early and blatantly in the show.
1533	bloocanary	2012-04-16	These sexual relations do become important in the books. The Lannisters accept the Tyrell's claim that Marg is a virgin without having her examined by a Septon.  The only conclusion is that it's widely known in court that Renly and Loras were lovers.  If the courtiers had no idea that Renly was gay, Marg would have had her maidenhead tested.Not necessarily. 1. I remember there being a convenient excuse that Renly was so busy with preparing for war that he didn't have time to bed Margaery and 2. I think that excuse was accepted so readily by the Lannisters because they needed the Tyrell money and support. I wouldn't be surprised if the Lannisters helped come up with that explanation for Margaery's virginity to ensure that the marriage would be accepted without fuss.
1534	Triskan	2012-04-16	I think it's implicit in the books where it comes to Stannis and Mel, and it's explicit when it comes to Renly and Loras.  In the case of the former, there is no smoking gun.  When it comes to the latter, it's undeniable when you put it all together.
-"Renley's little Rose"
-Loras being the most upset at Renly's death
-"Put that sword away or I'll put it somewhere Renly never found."
-Littlefinger talking about marrying off the Tyrell sons and saying "...particularly difficult in the case of Ser Loras."
1535	turdle	2012-04-16	Um, Melisandre gave birth to Stannis' shadow child.  Where do you think babies come from?You know, someone with dark powers like that could possibly make a creature come out of her vagina that expands into a full grown demon without sperm and an egg, right? I mean, are we really talking biology here in such a bizarre fantasy concept?having only begun my read through of aDwD i can not comment on any info there in, but stannis and melisandre having sex is anything but explicit in aCoK.  so she has a shadow come out of her vagina, and therefore she had to have sex with stannis? i don't think so. Envie = 100% correct.
1536	Envie	2012-04-16	having only begun my read through of aDwD i can not comment on any info there in, but stannis and melisandre having sex is anything but explicit in aCoK.  so she has a shadow come out of her vagina, and therefore she had to have sex with stannis? i don't think so. Envie = 100% correct.Thanks for the support. I feel like a salmon swimming upstream against a lot of insistence that we should all just somehow know Stannis and Melisandre are having sex right away in the books. It just wasn't that obvious until much later down the road. And by comparison, the hints that Renly was gay were even more vague in my reading but a lot of people in this debate seem to think it was amazingly obvious and explicitly (not implicitly like I am arguing) described via the text. And it just plain was not!And I agree, there some weird stuff that happens with Melisandre but we're never given a really clear image of what exactly she does in private to make this stuff happen. We know later in the books that she can take the blood of a king and do some really scary stuff too. How do know sex with Stannis is the preferred method for powerful spells? We don't. We never get a clear explanation of what exactly goes on nor what she did to create the infamous 'shadow demon baby' which obviously because she 'births' it must imply she had sex to create it. That's probably what gets the ball rolling, I'm sure - but just like the Maegi in Daenerys story, its not that simple... death to create life seems a common theme among the magic they have over there. Melisandre is from Asshai, where the demons came out and destroyed everything - were they 'born' or created by dark magic and blood magic too?
1537	Envie	2012-04-16	- but just like the Maegi in Daenerys story, its not that simple... death to create life seems a common theme among the magic they have over there. Melisandre is from Asshai, where the demons came out and destroyed everything - were they 'born' or created by dark magic and blood magic too?Also, in quoting myself, I realized something else about Mel's 'shadow baby'... what if its similar to what happened with Dany's baby? These dark magics have somehow twisted and transformed a 'baby' into something else because of the dark powers of some sort of blood ritual. Is this the same as what Melisandre is doing? Does she create a baby with Stannis and then perform a blood ritual that sacrifices the life of the baby to create the demon instead? No matter what, its pretty messed up stuff. This is probably a topic best left for another thread so as not to further derail this one away from the whole 'sex' and 'sexuality' debate over Renly. I do apologize for going off track with it. My first post was simply stating an agreement with someone that a lot of subtlety is lost in the translation from book to film because you can't imply as many things and that their graphic sex scenes were filling that role. That's all! I'm done. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1538	unJon	2012-04-16	Sorry if others said this before, but the first couple of posts got the exact opposite as I did from the "officially a virgin" line.  I read Loras to say that while officially, she may not be a virgin, both Renley and Loras know better and the rumors would start soon (or were already starting) if she didn't get pregger.
1539	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	having only begun my read through of aDwD i can not comment on any info there in, but stannis and melisandre having sex is anything but explicit in aCoK.  so she has a shadow come out of her vagina, and therefore she had to have sex with stannis? i don't think so. Envie = 100% correct.To put this to rest, there were a few subtle hints that Melisandre and Stannis were having sex in ACoK (he would allow his wife to touch him but did allow Melisandre, she frequently spent the nights in his tents, the shadow babies looked like Stannis, Stannis was weakened afterwards, etc.) but it's pretty specific in ASoS when Davos is in the dungeons and Melisandre comes to him.  (sorry, no page numbers as it's on my kindle version):"Shadows only live when given birth by light, and the kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fires burn so low I dare not draw off any more to make another son. It might well kill him.â<U+0080><U+009D> Melisandre moved closer. â<U+0080><U+009C>With another man, though . . . a man whose flames still burn hot and high . . . if you truly wish to serve your kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cause, come to my chamber one night. I could give you pleasure such as you have never known, and with your life-fire I could make . . .â<U+0080><U+009D>She implies she can only conceive these shadows from a man.  She bids Davos to come to her chamber where she can give him pleasures.  What kind of pleasures could she be giving him in her chamber if not the sexual kind?  Life-fire can be a euphemism for many things, but in this instance it seems to suggest it is semen.  Yes, magic is definitely involved but magic in the series seems to be created by something of the body; blood, breath, bones, hair, semen.ETA: Getting back to Marg, I found I enjoyed Dormer's protrayal of her even more the second time I watched the episode.  I couldn't stand her as an actress before (she is the reason I could barely get through The Tudors) so it's such a pleasant surprise.  Her acting makes me changes really work.
					
					
							Edited by Dr. Pepper, 16 April 2012 - 11:03 PM.
1540	teemo	2012-04-16	I LOVED Margaery.  I never really gave a damn about book Marg, but seeing the behind-the-scenes with her, Renly and Loras gave me a newfound respect for the character.  I love how she is a game player, and will do whatever it takes to have Renly's heir.  She has no shame or problem at all with the relationship between her brother and Renly, and is just trying to deal with it practically.  Love, love love her.  Actress is also awesome.  I don't really think she's that pretty (and the low-cut gown also surprised me), but she has a certain allure to her...it sounds weird, but something about her look and swagger makes me see Olenna in her.  She is the total opposite of Asha for me this season.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 16 April 2012 - 11:35 PM.
1541	Triskan	2012-04-16	I LOVED Margaery.  I never really gave a damn about book Marg, but seeing the behind-the-scenes with her, Renly and Loras gave me a newfound respect for the character.  I love how she is a game player, and will do whatever it takes to have Renly's hair.  She has no shame or problem at all with the relationship between her brother and Renly, and is just trying to deal with it practically.  Love, love love her.  Actress is also awesome.  I don't really think she's that pretty (and the low-cut gown also surprised me), but she has a certain allure to her...it sounds weird, but something about her look and swagger makes me see Olenna in her.  She is the total opposite of Asha for me this season.That seems to be the point being made by the show creators (given, it's just one episode).  In the books I feel we are (up to this point) left largely in the dark about how Marg is.  In this episode she is portrayed as being extremely savvy about what's up.
1542	Lord Varys	2012-04-16	You can deny the implicit and explicit hints about the Stannis-Mel-relationship during ACoK-ADwD, but this would be deliberate denying of this fact. And since ADwD the non-sex thing interpretation outright impossible. At least in my opinion.
Actually, it took me some time before I ended up realizing that Stannis and Mel had a relationship.
Now we have an Mel POV. If she and Stannis are going to meet again in one of her future chapters, it's quite likely we will get a Mel-Stannis scene in the books.
I'm no fan of the reason why Stannis decided to fuck Melisandre on the Painted Table, but I'm quite sure such encounters did happen off screen in the books as well.
1543	Envie	2012-04-16	I LOVED Margaery.  I never really gave a damn about book Marg, but seeing the behind-the-scenes with her, Renly and Loras gave me a newfound respect for the character.  I love how she is a game player, and will do whatever it takes to have Renly's hair.  She has no shame or problem at all with the relationship between her brother and Renly, and is just trying to deal with it practically.  Love, love love her.  Actress is also awesome.  I don't really think she's that pretty (and the low-cut gown also surprised me), but she has a certain allure to her...it sounds weird, but something about her look and swagger makes me see Olenna in her.  She is the total opposite of Asha for me this season.I want Renly's hair too! Err, wait. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I agree with you that casting Margaery as a much more politically savvy character makes a lot of sense for the series overall considering the short amount of time they're going to have to transition her from Renly's bride to Joffrey's betrothed and the sequence of events around both of those arranged marriages. If they are in fact cutting out the Queen of Thorns from the cast, they're definitely going to have to re-create what kind of woman Margaery is to everyone.I always felt like she was shown as being a lot more manipulative and clever than her appearance and speech suggested in the books. I felt it was a complete ruse she had going like many other characters (Varys and Pycelle for example) to completely fool Cersei and anyone else into thinking she was a harmless pawn in the game.
1544	teemo	2012-04-16	Hah, I guess I have Loras' hair on my mind /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Yes, I have always been under the impression that Olenna has brought up Margaery to be quite cunning and an excellent game player.  Especially when she yelled the truth to Cersei when they were both imprisoned.  I would hate to see Olenna cut though /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1545	Lord Varys	2012-04-16	Why do people assume they will cut Olenna Redwyne Tyrell? ASoS will get two seasons, there will be more than enough space for her. And she will be fun! There is no reason why they would cut a character like her.
And Margaery being interested in motivating Renly to give her son is her job as his wife. This does not make her to Olenna 2.0. And offering to help Renly along getting this thing (i.e. threesome or 'bending over') has nothing to do with political acumen. Any queen of homosexual king would have been aware of the fact that her role at court would depend on giving birth to an heir.
1546	Menos Grande	2012-04-16	I liked, as many characters Margeery never got a chapter, so everything we know of her his small talk, and the other characters impressions of her...
We do discover by Cersei that  Margaery wasn't that sweet pie she as posing.. all that RenlyXLorasXMargaery (even though RenlyXloras is more easyly saw at series than at the book). She wasnt virgin, and asked for the Moon's tea to prevent any pregnency .. so we did discover that she was sluty after, but that isn't a thing that comes from nowhere she were always a slut, just didn't got caught...
I realy like all Renly and Margaery screenplay because in the books there almost none.
1547	teemo	2012-04-16	Why do people assume they will cut Olenna Redwyne Tyrell? ASoS will get two seasons, there will be more than enough space for her. And she will be fun! There is no reason why they would cut a character like her.And Margaery being interested in motivating Renly to give her son is her job as his wife. This does not make her to Olenna 2.0. And offering to help Renly along getting this thing (i.e. threesome or 'bending over') has nothing to do with political acumen. Any queen of homosexual king would have been aware of the fact that her role at court would depend on giving birth to an heir.I'm not convinced they will cut her either.  There is still a long way to go before the PW, and I consider her a quite prominent character, even if she isn't mentioned a whole ton.  She's the Tyrell mastermind, that counts for something.  I said I saw more of Olenna in her through her demeanor, looks, and personality, not as much with how she acted with Renly and Loras.  She did, however, show some cleverness there and I think she will to continue to.
1548	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	Why do people assume they will cut Olenna Redwyne Tyrell? ASoS will get two seasons, there will be more than enough space for her. And she will be fun! There is no reason why they would cut a character like her.And Margaery being interested in motivating Renly to give her son is her job as his wife. This does not make her to Olenna 2.0. And offering to help Renly along getting this thing (i.e. threesome or 'bending over') has nothing to do with political acumen. Any queen of homosexual king would have been aware of the fact that her role at court would depend on giving birth to an heir.The reason they would cut Olenna is the same reason they've already cut dozens of characters: budget and time.  There is no possible way all of the characters can be shown for a >10 hour TV show so they have to either eliminate those particular storylines or combine characters.  They appear to combining Olenna's major character points with Loras and Margaery.  Loras and Marg have been shown to be the force behind Renly taking a crown and creating the Tyrell alliance.  This could have very well happened behind the scenes in the book, but we're sort of led to believe that Olenna is the mastermind. I like Olenna as much as the next person and it's not definite that her role will be cut, there just happens to be a lot of evidence that it may.  They can create a believable adaptation without her.
1549	Stag's Fury	2012-04-17	This also brings out a interesting idea...
With the show's portrayal. Cersei's idea about Loras/Margaery  don't seem too far off now.
Although there's the fact that this also showed Margaery as a competent player in the game and sleeping with Loras would just be too dumb.
1550	teemo	2012-04-17	I don't think Margaery is actually going to have intercourse with Loras....
1551	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-17	I certainly don't remember Loras shaving Renly's chest and giving him a blow job, in the books, though their relationship was otherwise apparent.
I haven't seen season 2 yet, except for Episode 1 and some previews of Margery dropping her clothes in the tent for a threesome, but I always thought Natalie Dormer was so wrong for the character as written.  Too old, too sexy. Cant see her having playdates with Tommen--But if they're going to streamline the amount of characters, as they've been doing, for practical matters, it now makes sense to me that the masterminding "queen of thorns" could be dispensed with.
1552	Lord Varys	2012-04-17	But they have cut no really important character as of yet. They have mostly delayed them (i.e. the Tullys and Reeds). Jacelyn Bywater is no important character. Neither are Dany's bloodriders or handmaidens. 
Olenna Tyrell greatly influences the main plot of the story. Changing it would be a huge change, and I can't see how Margaery's character would profit from that. After all, besides being somewhat aware of politics and her role in it, TV Margaery does not seem to be genius, nor is she the 'dominating Tyrell'. All she does in episode 3 is trying to ensure that her marriage will be an actual consummated marriage which is going to give King Renly and Queen Margaery an heir. End of story. And in fact Loras really seems to be nothing but the ambitious boy he is. Making Renly king was his (and Mace's) bad idea, but Loras has no real plan, nor is he some kind of mastermind. Look how he became jealous of Brienne! TV Loras is just as hollow as book Loras. 
The whole story at KL of seasons 3 & 4 will evolve around the wedding of Joffrey and Margaery. They will have time enough to introduce us to Mace and Olenna Tyrell. I do not expect Garlan to have a major role, but even he might be there. The Tyrells will become more and more important in later seasons, so there is really no need here to oversimplify stuff.
But the main reason why they would rather cut/omit Mace Tyrell (just another ambitious lord) from the show than Olenna is the fact that Lady Olenna is the one and only powerful older woman in this whole story. We've got mothers and daughters, but there is virtually no grandmother besides the Queen of Thorns. And considering the whole take of the show on the dynamics between children and their mothers (i.e. Cersei/Joffrey; Catelyn/Robb) it will be interesting to see how a widowed grandmother rules subtly controls her house. I really expect to see some glimpse of the relationship between Mace and his mother.
1553	teemo	2012-04-17	But they have cut no really important character as of yet. They have mostly delayed them (i.e. the Tullys and Reeds). Jacelyn Bywater is no important character. Neither are Dany's bloodriders or handmaidens.Olenna Tyrell greatly influences the main plot of the story. Changing it would be a huge change, and I can't see how Margaery's character would profit from that. After all, besides being somewhat aware of politics and her role in it, TV Margaery does not seem to be genius, nor is she the 'dominating Tyrell'. All she does in episode 3 is trying to ensure that her marriage will be an actual consummated marriage which is going to give King Renly and Queen Margaery an heir. End of story. And in fact Loras really seems to be nothing but the ambitious boy he is. Making Renly king was his (and Mace's) bad idea, but Loras has no real plan, nor is he some kind of mastermind. Look how he became jealous of Brienne! TV Loras is just as hollow as book Loras.The whole story at KL of seasons 3 & 4 will evolve around the wedding of Joffrey and Margaery. They will have time enough to introduce us to Mace and Olenna Tyrell. I do not expect Garlan to have a major role, but even he might be there. The Tyrells will become more and more important in later seasons, so there is really no need here to oversimplify stuff.But the main reason why they would rather cut/omit Mace Tyrell (just another ambitious lord) from the show than Olenna is the fact that Lady Olenna is the one and only powerful older woman in this whole story. We've got mothers and daughters, but there is virtually no grandmother besides the Queen of Thorns. And considering the whole take of the show on the dynamics between children and their mothers (i.e. Cersei/Joffrey; Catelyn/Robb) it will be interesting to see how a widowed grandmother rules subtly controls her house. I really expect to see some glimpse of the relationship between Mace and his mother.Perfectly stated.  This is exactly why she can't and won't be cut.
1554	Brucolac	2012-04-17	Her opening line when she was cheering for Loras was so horrible, but I like Dormer in the Tudors and she seemed okay after that.  It makes sense to cast her with an older actress and of questionable morality since HBO does like to show sex, possibly she will be the one scheming instead of her grandmother in season three as well.  It seems like many other characters are getting combined and that would be an easy one to do.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 17 April 2012 - 01:16 AM.
1555	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-17	You're twisting what I said. I never said I didn't realize Renly is gay from the books!  I said it wasn't written explicitly like it is in the show. Renly never had multiple sex scenes in the book with Loras, never even kissed him or flirted or came close to it - so don't even try to say the book was as obvious as what we're watching (repeatedly) with sex scenes on the series. My point in saying that was to show how over the top obvious they play some things which in turn can translate to far more revealing and sexy costumes and behaviors from other characters like Melisandre and now Margaery.Show me where in the text of the book this is 'spelled out' and I'll agree with you a little more that readers should realize Renly was gay but not everyone did.Renly is not a pov character, we have no idea what he did when he was off scene in the books. The tv show follows him when he is off book, so of course it will show us what he is really like.
1556	Azerate	2012-04-17	It's 2012 and people still whine about the surplus of sex in a fantasy series?
1557	teemo	2012-04-17	Wow, there are like so many major clues.  I could write them all out here...I have them labeled, but that would take some time.  One I remember in particular is when Jaime came back to KL and Loras became all defensive whenever Jaime mentioned Renly.  When Jaime asked him why such a good looking man would join the Kingsguard (since he can't marry/have kids), Loras said - "When the sun sets, no candle can replace it."  
He also became very prickly with even Sansa when she brought up Renly.  He slew two highborn knights in an violent rage when Renly was killed.  Jaime also made a reference to shoving his sword so far up his arse to even a place that Renly couldn't reach it.  Renly and Loras spent a lot of time...."praying" together.  There was a lot of stuff there.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 17 April 2012 - 01:22 AM.
1558	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	But they have cut no really important character as of yet. They have mostly delayed them (i.e. the Tullys and Reeds). Jacelyn Bywater is no important character. Neither are Dany's bloodriders or handmaidens.Olenna Tyrell greatly influences the main plot of the story. Changing it would be a huge change, and I can't see how Margaery's character would profit from that. After all, besides being somewhat aware of politics and her role in it, TV Margaery does not seem to be genius, nor is she the 'dominating Tyrell'. All she does in episode 3 is trying to ensure that her marriage will be an actual consummated marriage which is going to give King Renly and Queen Margaery an heir. End of story. And in fact Loras really seems to be nothing but the ambitious boy he is. Making Renly king was his (and Mace's) bad idea, but Loras has no real plan, nor is he some kind of mastermind. Look how he became jealous of Brienne! TV Loras is just as hollow as book Loras.The whole story at KL of seasons 3 & 4 will evolve around the wedding of Joffrey and Margaery. They will have time enough to introduce us to Mace and Olenna Tyrell. I do not expect Garlan to have a major role, but even he might be there. The Tyrells will become more and more important in later seasons, so there is really no need here to oversimplify stuff.But the main reason why they would rather cut/omit Mace Tyrell (just another ambitious lord) from the show than Olenna is the fact that Lady Olenna is the one and only powerful older woman in this whole story. We've got mothers and daughters, but there is virtually no grandmother besides the Queen of Thorns. And considering the whole take of the show on the dynamics between children and their mothers (i.e. Cersei/Joffrey; Catelyn/Robb) it will be interesting to see how a widowed grandmother rules subtly controls her house. I really expect to see some glimpse of the relationship between Mace and his mother.If that scene was only about Loras being jealous and Marg trying to conceive an heir then your argument that they are not major schemers may be valid.  Fortunately, that scene was a lot more than that and it displayed that the writers can employ a bit of subtly. We see at manipulative and scheming Loras can be in season 1 during the shaving scene.  This isn't just something thrown in their to show that they are lovers.  It's very clear that Renly isn't buying that he could claim the Iron Throne but Loras gives a very rousing, manipulative speech on why he's just perfect for it.  This scene in this episode goes on to show that Loras has convinced Renly, Loras' family is the major powerhouse alliance and Loras understands that Renly needs to consummate his marriage to seal the alliance.  'Tis better to not exhaust Renly if Renly is to attempt to perform with Marg.  Is he miffed about Brienne?  Yeah, sure.  He's his lover, why wouldn't he bit.In comes Marg.  Is she attempting to consummate the union?  Yeah, sure.  But all of her dialogue indicates that she's well versed in political intrigue.  She's not into lying or playing games with her husband, all of that can be saved for court.  It's a pretty savvy way to display how cunning she is.  It was very Queen of Thorns-ish.Could there be a QoT or other Tyrell behind all of this play for power?  Probably; likely.  But it doesn't mean that they aren't playing up these traits in Loras and Marg as well.  I agree they still have plenty of time to cast Olenna and maybe they will.  But the point I'm making is that they could successfully tell the story without her.  It wouldn't mean her entire character is eliminated, it would mean that they'd dish out the traits that make her character to other characters.
1559	The Monkey	2012-04-17	As House Tyrell becomes major players in season 3 onwards, it would be silly only to have Loras and Marg to represent them. I fully expect the Queen of Thorns, as well as Mace to appear (maybe even Garlan), so that the complexities and intrigues of that house might be explored as well, as it had with the other ones. One of the things that bothered me about the books was the lack of a POV from a Tyrell, but the TV-show can easily remedy that.
1560	Balefont	2012-04-17	I loved Dormer's portrayal.  I loved her dress and found it a fitting style for a southern lady.  I love the scene with Renly because it does clarify some important details for later on.
1561	Lord Damian	2012-04-17	Lets not forget, Margeary has been raised and "trained" by her Grandmother, the Queen of Thorns. Margeary is the brains of her generation of Tyrells. She will do what is necessary.
1562	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-17	I certainly don't remember Loras shaving Renly's chest and giving him a blow job, in the books, though their relationship was otherwise apparent.I haven't seen season 2 yet, except for Episode 1 and some previews of Margery dropping her clothes in the tent for a threesome, but I always thought Natalie Dormer was so wrong for the character as written.  Too old, too sexy. Cant see her having playdates with Tommen--But if they're going to streamline the amount of characters, as they've been doing, for practical matters, it now makes sense to me that the masterminding "queen of thorns" could be dispensed with.There was no explicit homosexuality of Renly or Loras in the books. All Martin writes are hints about there relationship. The only thing that's explicit is that the two men care about each other a great deal. The physicality of their relationship is left to your imagination.
1563	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-17	I loved Dormer's portrayal.  I loved her dress and found it a fitting style for a southern lady.  I love the scene with Renly because it does clarify some important details for later on.I loved Margaery in the show as well. She was fantastic. One of the best things about her scene with Renly is the very basic point that Margaery understands the concept of political marriage between powerful noble families. Margaery is reality. Her and Renly aren't married for love, they are married for politics, just like most other nobles in Westeros. Love would be nice, but it's not the reason for their union. They need to strengthen their families and they need to have children to do so.The nobility in Westeros would know this. This would be the accepted standard. I love the fact that Margaery clarifies reality to the audience. It's a huge step up from the juvenile assumption that noble relationships are supposed to operate like they do in 21st century America.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 17 April 2012 - 09:31 AM.
1564	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Dormer is perfect for the role as Margery was portrayed in the show, whether that was by design before she was cast or they decided to give her more of a "player" type role after they cast her is unclear.
In the books, by this point, we have no inkling of her being any more than a pretty girl from a powerful family. 
She definitely grew into a player in the books, but this seems a tad early for whatever reason.
1565	Maester Nikolas	2012-04-17	I couldn't stop laughing when Margery simply matter-of-factly suggested that she go get Loras to help the situation, and kept firing suggestions and giving Renly political advice until the scene changed. Certainly not what I was expecting right out of the gate- but she has the QoT wit and bite to her, that's for sure. I think I'm going to like TV Margery more than book Margery.
1566	Lord Varys	2012-04-17	They would be able to tell the story as of yet without any additional Tyrells. But the Tyrells still did not get their moment in the spotlight in the books. We still have no Tyrell POV. But after ADwD the Tyrells will be the main power behind King Tommen. They will be more and more important, not just as power behind Tommen's throne, but also as house threatened by the Ironborn, and possibly Dorne. And the whole Samwell plot in Oldtown will also be connected to House Tyrell (through Lazy Leo and Maester Gormon).
Lady Olenna may/will return in the books, and considering the fact that both Loras (who might succumb to his wounds) or Margaery (who very well might be condemned and executed by the Faith) are right now in no position to represent House Tyrell. 
All the show did with Loras last season was to provide an answer why Renly would end up claiming the Iron Throne for himself. And that's why the blow job (including the 'sound effects') works really nicely. Renly needed that to become convinced that he should be king.
We don't got Balon's brothers this season. But we will need Aeron, Victarion, and Euron if they do not intend to drop the whole Kingsmoot thing. And not just for that, we need them for the whole Ironborn story in AFfC/ADwD/TWoW.
Just as we need the Tyrells for seasons 3/4. We might not get Lady Alerie, three Tyrell cousins, Lord Rowan, or the Redwyne twins (but Randyll Tarly and Paxter Redwyne with his fleet will be at least be mentioned, and Tarly will appear as a minor character).
1567	Chelly	2012-04-17	I think she's fine. I liked Natalie Dormer in the Tudors. Margaery is one of the characters in the book I never really cared for so it doesn't bother me that she's being shown differently.
However, I am going to have a hard time seeing her try to play innocent and pure for the Lannisters later on after seeing her like this, but that's much later. I'm going to wait and see what they do with her. I am intrigued which is more than I can say for book Margaery.
1568	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	I think she's fine. I liked Natalie Dormer in the Tudors. Margaery is one of the characters in the book I never really cared for so it doesn't bother me that she's being shown differently.However, I am going to have a hard time seeing her try to play innocent and pure for the Lannisters later on after seeing her like this, but that's much later. I'm going to wait and see what they do with her. I am intrigued which is more than I can say for book Margaery.Why would you have a hard time?  You know she was doing it just for the advacement of her house either way.  Do you have a hard time seeing other characters being manipulative?
1569	StarkBlack21	2012-04-17	No way they cut the QUEEN OF THORNS. She is one of the best characters fit for a TV adaptation. She brings that Tudorish scheming and backstabbing (I know this show is not short of treachery), but you will need to see the QOT interactions with Margery later on when she marries Joffery, and when the Tyrells become major players at King's Landing. Plus there are so many great actresses you could cast for that role MAGGIE SMITH is leaving ABBEY, not that I think they will cast her. HELEN MIRREN would be great as QOT. There are a lot of women that could fit.
Plus you want to see the someone who can take Cersei head on -- the QOT is that person. I actually think they will expand the QOT role.
1570	Chelly	2012-04-17	Why would you have a hard time?  You know she was doing it just for the advacement of her house either way.  Do you have a hard time seeing other characters being manipulative?No. That's not the problem.What I mean is that Margaery's innocent, sweet act is very convincing in the books because she's still fairly young and its not really a stretch. Natalie Dormer looks like a mature grown and confident woman and that's how she came off immediately in the show. It will be jarring to see an adult woman pretending to be essentially, like a sweet, innocent, teenage girl. Since they cast her, and the show is very good at casting, I'm sure they have other plans on how Margaery will play the game, but we won't see that till later. If they were going to have her play the virginal, unassuming princess it will look weird seeing an adult woman do that, in my opinion at least.
1571	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	No. That's not the problem.What I mean is that Margaery's innocent, sweet act is very convincing in the books because she's still fairly young and its not really a stretch. Natalie Dormer looks like a mature grown and confident woman and that's how she came off immediately in the show. It will be jarring to see an adult woman pretending to be essentially, like a sweet, innocent, teenage girl. Since they cast her, and the show is very good at casting, I'm sure they have other plans on how Margaery will play the game, but we won't see that till later. If they were going to have her play the virginal, unassuming princess it will look weird seeing an adult woman do that, in my opinion at least.I can agree with that, She appears to match Renly in age in the show, with Joffrey its going to start getting a bit Debra Lafave-y.....And with Tommen its going to be downright sickprovided they dont change things up, which they'll have to.
1572	Chelly	2012-04-17	I can agree with that, She appears to match Renly in age in the show, with Joffrey its going to start getting a bit Debra Lafave-y.....And with Tommen its going to be downright sickprovided they dont change things up, which they'll have to.LOL. I'm dying to see what they are going to do with Tommen, because that would be most disturbing. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1573	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	LOL. I'm dying to see what they are going to do with Tommen, because that would be most disturbing. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I can already picture a similar scene to Lysa and Robert in the castle (cant find the puke emoticon).
1574	Envie	2012-04-17	I can agree with that, She appears to match Renly in age in the show, with Joffrey its going to start getting a bit Debra Lafave-y.....And with Tommen its going to be downright sickprovided they dont change things up, which they'll have to.Why is it going to be sick with Tommen? I don't remember any mention of her ever touching or kissing Tommen in any way in the book. If I remember correctly, she merely befriended him and played with him as an older sister would to a younger brother. Isn't she the ones gave him the kittens? While I'm positive all that was a complete ruse just to get under Cersei's skin because it was written plainly how outraged Cersei was and how Margaery had won little Tommen over to the point he defended her bravely from his Mother.As far as we know, Margaery never actually marries Tommen - it was just a political match that wasn't going to amount to anything serious. Not that its out of the question, these sorts of child to adult marriages were common in medieval / elizabethan times as well. In fact we all know quite well elderly noble men were famous for taking child brides to ally two royal families and there were even older widows who took young husbands though not as common because the male typically chose his wife whereas the female did not. I seriously doubt if Margaery and Tommen actually married she would have anything to do with him as a 'little boy' until he became a man and could really consummate a marriage. She would continue to treat him as her 'little king' ...doesn't strike me as a pedo type.
1575	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-17	No. That's not the problem.What I mean is that Margaery's innocent, sweet act is very convincing in the books because she's still fairly young and its not really a stretch. Natalie Dormer looks like a mature grown and confident woman and that's how she came off immediately in the show. It will be jarring to see an adult woman pretending to be essentially, like a sweet, innocent, teenage girl. Since they cast her, and the show is very good at casting, I'm sure they have other plans on how Margaery will play the game, but we won't see that till later. If they were going to have her play the virginal, unassuming princess it will look weird seeing an adult woman do that, in my opinion at least.Margaery in the books was always a fully confident, self-assured woman. That was her presentation from the start. Do you assume that she's oblivious to politics because she's nice to people and she doesnt overtly take advantage of everyone around her?On the one hand, it's perfectly reasonable for Margaery to actually BE a nice person who doesnt take advantage of people and still be a politician with clout. Just because you try to take care of yourself and your family doesnt mean that you need to beat everyone down around you while doing it.On the other hand, it might all just be an act, where Margaery has found that the best way to win allies and hold power is to be loved by the people around you. It doesnt matter too much because we don't know at this point. Either way the end results are the same.As far as sex and child-bearing goes, everything that Margaery says in the show (other than Lancel helping out) is pure common sense and would be understood by everyone in Westeros. Marriage isn't about love between men and women of noble birth in that society. I take her dialogue with Renly as a reminder to the audience of how things work.I'm not surprised that some people have a hard reaction to this, because a lot of people have very little knowledge of medieval society. But I would hope that people realize that's the way things worked back then rather than assume something negative about Margaery. The real problem is if the viewers can't identify with the reality of the time. Marriages were used mostly as alliances between families. Children were more important than love and happiness between the parents. And affairs were expected and more or less condoned, since husband and wife weren't married for love anyways. I'm sure that a lot of the issues people have with characters in the book stem from ignorance of those basic principles.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 17 April 2012 - 12:06 PM.
1576	Chelly	2012-04-17	Margaery in the books was always a fully confident, self-assured woman. That was her presentation from the start. Do you assume that she's oblivious to politics because she's nice to people and she doesnt overtly take advantage of everyone around her?I don't understand how you got that from my post. I never said anything about Marg not knowing about politics in the book. I didn't even bring up the subject. All I said is that in the books she comes off as this sweet little princess, which may or may not be an act because the Tyrells do seem to have some plan and of course Marg would have political knowledge to be part of whatever it is the Tyrells want.I don't really have a "problem" with Marg's presentation in the show. I'm just wondering how they are going to play her out once she reaches KL.
1577	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	I can see the tv version of Margery going pedo.  Not really the book on.
The tv one is already down for a possible interpretation of incest, how much larger of a leap is it to think she might play a little dOctor with her betrothed???
1578	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	As far as we know, Margaery never actually marries Tommen - ........I seriously doubt if Margaery and Tommen actually married she would have anything to do with him as a 'little boy' until he became a man and could really consummate a marriage. She would continue to treat him as her 'little king' ...doesn't strike me as a pedo type.They are wedded in the books.  AFFC, Chapter 12, Cersei III.  They are not bedded. Though they do spend their wedding night in the same bed under guard.
1579	Envie	2012-04-17	Margaery never has a POV chapter in the books, correct? Martin's always been quite clever at disguising someone's real intentions and personality when they aren't a POV character. I think this may be why there are so many varying interpretations of what Margaery's personality is really like.
To others,particularly men, she's going to come across as quite sweet, innocent and ladylike. Obviously Cersei's opinion of her later is vastly different from that as well as how Sansa views her (with suspicion and fear because Sansa believes by that time everyone's out to get her).
I think its entirely possible George intends Margaery to be just as crafty and political savvy as she's portrayed this early on in the series, but its well hidden under other character's skewed POV descriptions of her.
1580	Envie	2012-04-17	They are wedded in the books.  AFFC, Chapter 12, Cersei III.  They are not bedded. Though they do spend their wedding night in the same bed under guard.Thanks for correcting that. My memory of the early books is fading fast. Damn you George for taking so long to finish this epic story! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1581	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	She's obviously well-schooled in the game in both.  She's a lot more forward in the tv imo. Although she carefully cultivates her public persona in the book, we get to see her behind closed doors in the tv show- hence why her amd tommen could definitely get a pedo thing going on with all those options she gave renly.
1582	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-04-17	it's interesting that things that are only implied in the book are right there front and center on the show
1583	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	Thanks for correcting that. My memory of the early books is fading fast. Damn you George for taking so long to finish this epic story! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I know what you mean. Now that the show is on, I'm starting to have problems separating what happens in the show and what happens in the books.I didn't start reading until ADWD was just about to be released.  I have no idea how people can handle waiting so many years between books as I'm already getting pretty itchy for the next installment.
1584	TC_Chaos	2012-04-17	This is another Tyrell character being portrayed in a different light than the books. First, they made Loras Tyrell gay, which a lot of people say it was hinted in the book. And now, they make Margaery into a sexual cunning princess who knows how to play the game as well as the next player.
I do not dislike this portrayal of Margaery because it makes her more interesting than the book Margaery, who seems like a little high born girl who's naive to things.
1585	Envie	2012-04-17	I know what you mean. Now that the show is on, I'm starting to have problems separating what happens in the show and what happens in the books.I didn't start reading until ADWD was just about to be released.  I have no idea how people can handle waiting so many years between books as I'm already getting pretty itchy for the next installment.I've actually read all the books up to Dance twice. Once as they were released (except the very first one had already been out a couple years) and then once again about 2 years ago. i've gone back and re-skimmed some of them when ADWD came out for clarification as well. So I think it was around 1998 when I read Game of Thrones and started following the series very loosely over the years. I didn't become a rabid fan until around Feast For Crows time period when I re-read the others in preparation for the new release... so maybe 2005? haha, regardless, I've been waiting for these books way way too long and the series is now making me think I need yet another re-read but I'm so busy I can't take the epic time required for those 5000+ pages right now, so I live vicariously through the series, trying to recall the books as I go. This site and the wiki are great helps for that.
1586	Envie	2012-04-17	... First, they made Loras Tyrell gay, which a lot of people say it was hinted in the book.[sarcasm]Oh my goodness you should not say things like that! Scroll back and read about 2-3 pages back, I got flamed repeatedly for suggesting it was only 'hinted' in the books that Renly and Loras were gay! Apparently lots of people are better readers and knew without a shadow of doubt because it was written out in precise wording that they were having a homosexual affair and so everyone should know that for the television series, why are so so shocked by the gay sex scenes!?! [/sarcasm] /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1587	Francis Buck	2012-04-17	This is another Tyrell character being portrayed in a different light than the books. First, they made Loras Tyrell gay, which a lot of people say it was hinted in the book. And now, they make Margaery into a sexual cunning princess who knows how to play the game as well as the next player.I do not dislike this portrayal of Margaery because it makes her more interesting than the book Margaery, who seems like a little high born girl who's naive to things.Have you even read the books?
1588	Isis	2012-04-17	Because it was implicit in the books rather than explicit some readers seem to willfully disbelieve that Loras and Renly were having a (sexual) relationship. However, it's been confirmed outright by George on more than one occasion. So I'm baffled as to why people keep wanting to deny it.Also, there haven't been any graphic homosexual sex scenes in the show so far. All you've seen is some kissing, some manscaping and some breeches being untied. You didn't see any homosexual cocksucking on screen. It was only implied. Unlike the ten minute Ros + random whore sexposition scene during LF's monologue where it all took place on screen. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1589	Envie	2012-04-17	My previous argument, to which I left some sarcasm behind, is not that I disbelieved Loras and Renly were gay. There are others like TC_Chaos above who may still feel they weren't written that way. My argument was while yes it was implicitly written in the books, it was nowhere like the scenes in the series and that there's a huge difference in subtlety that the producers seem to feel was necessary to hit you over the head with a bat. Could it have been revealed that Renly was gay and having an affair with Loras without the graphic sex scene? Sure. Would that have been exciting HBO typical drama? No!
I merely try to defend those who have a hard time grappling with the implicit hints in the book because they're shocked by the scenes in the series. it's a big huge swing in the pendulum. I'm actually surprised (or maybe I shouldn't be) that Martin is ok with it being so bluntly exposed, but again, sex sells.
1590	Lord Varys	2012-04-17	To make Renly and Loras a little bit more than extras in season 1 demanded to give them additional scenes. The books only 'hinted at' their affair because we get no Renly/Loras POVs. But to treat Renly and Loras the way they were treated in the books (i.e. showing us Loras giving Sansa her rose, and allow Renly a few funny lines) would have made them effectual non-characters.
Giving us 'the shaving scene' did not only establish them as lovers, it accomplished much more (i.e. Renly's pragmatism, his ruthlessness when necessary, Loras's ambition, Tyrell back story, and the reason why Renly decided to claim the Iron Throne).
They could not have given Renly and Loras a private scene without showing us the depth of their relationship. But not giving them a private scene would have made them nothing but extras. Had they not treated them the way they did the better way would have been to cut both Renly and Loras from the entire show.
1591	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-17	One of the things I hate about the internet is it is hard to gage who is lying or is not.
I honestly did not pick-up on the fact that Loras and Renly were gay.  The hints were more obvious for me when contemplating Jon Connington.
People on the net have this horrendous hindsight bias and they project that they knew all along and often belittle others for not being as clever as them.  I hate the attitude, especially when most of these people did nothing on their own but only put the pieces together after reading through threads and then presenting themselves as having known all along.
Anyways I look forward to more Tyrells, hopefully we will get the Queen of Thorns.
1592	Derfel Cadarn	2012-04-17	I think it's implicit in the books where it comes to Stannis and Mel, and it's explicit when it comes to Renly and Loras.  In the case of the former, there is no smoking gun.  When it comes to the latter, it's undeniable when you put it all together.-"Renley's little Rose"-Loras being the most upset at Renly's death-"Put that sword away or I'll put it somewhere Renly never found."-Littlefinger talking about marrying off the Tyrell sons and saying "...particularly difficult in the case of Ser Loras." And Stannis telling Renly that Margaery is likely to remain a maid in his bed.  It's pretty obvious.
1593	Abaddon	2012-04-17	I thought this thread was about Margary, not a tired rehashing of the yes and no of Loras and Renly?
I am liking what we have seen from Dormer so far...
(ps, not on topic so my bad, but Maggie Smith for QoT or bust!)
1594	jblair	2012-04-17	Margaery in the books was always a fully confident, self-assured woman. That was her presentation from the start. Do you assume that she's oblivious to politics because she's nice to people and she doesnt overtly take advantage of everyone around her?On the one hand, it's perfectly reasonable for Margaery to actually BE a nice person who doesnt take advantage of people and still be a politician with clout. Just because you try to take care of yourself and your family doesnt mean that you need to beat everyone down around you while doing it.On the other hand, it might all just be an act, where Margaery has found that the best way to win allies and hold power is to be loved by the people around you. It doesnt matter too much because we don't know at this point. Either way the end results are the same.As far as sex and child-bearing goes, everything that Margaery says in the show (other than Lancel helping out) is pure common sense and would be understood by everyone in Westeros. Marriage isn't about love between men and women of noble birth in that society. I take her dialogue with Renly as a reminder to the audience of how things work.I'm not surprised that some people have a hard reaction to this, because a lot of people have very little knowledge of medieval society. But I would hope that people realize that's the way things worked back then rather than assume something negative about Margaery. The real problem is if the viewers can't identify with the reality of the time. Marriages were used mostly as alliances between families. Children were more important than love and happiness between the parents. And affairs were expected and more or less condoned, since husband and wife weren't married for love anyways. I'm sure that a lot of the issues people have with characters in the book stem from ignorance of those basic principles.I agree with this. Margaery is the Total Package. From the start she was presented as savvy, clever, confident, charming-as-all-hell, and wise to the game. That doesn't mean she's an immoral (or amoral, as the case may be) conniver like most of the other successful players. It's not like Westeros offers us only two choices: the Good-Naive axis and the Evil-Player axis. I believe that Margaery is one of the truly effective players with a good heart. The only immoral act (I'm not referring to sexual escapades) I can recall is presumably being in on Joffrey's death. But I consider that more of a preemptive family strike than an assassination. Joff was going down for certain, but she didn't let herself get caught up as collateral damage or as his victim. Margaery in the books certainly steals Tommen's affections...but from a completely vile, paranoid person who had already created one absolute monstrosity. She does seem genuinely interested in Tommen's welfare and happiness. The fact that he will potentially be her king someday merely aligns both her pragmatism and her morals.
1595	Envie	2012-04-17	Margaery in the books certainly steals Tommen's affections...but from a completely vile, paranoid person who had already created one absolute monstrosity. She does seem genuinely interested in Tommen's welfare and happiness. The fact that he will potentially be her king someday merely aligns both her pragmatism and her morals.It would certainly be nice in Winds of Winter if Tommen becomes everything Joffrey was not once he's out of his Mother's clutches. Somehow, I have a sneaky suspicion Margaery's union with the little king isn't going to last either.
1596	Secret Targ	2012-04-17	I liked Margaerys portrayal in the show. I'm a huge Domer fan, though at first I was little iffy from her first scene. She won me over with the "I can just get my brother in here scene" when she gets into the politics of it all though.I took the "Officially a virgin" as meaning she actually isn't. I thought that was an interesting add considering all the hub-bub later about it.Funny how I don't even blink anymore at the twincest, but  I was shocked at the idea of Margaery bringing her brother into the bedroom with her and Renly...
1597	brena	2012-04-17	I personally adore tv!Margaery.For some reason, when reading the books, I imagined her to be just like she is on the show: seemingly innocent and sweet in public, but actually a clever, crafty young Queen-of-Thorns'-grandchild who can hold her own in the Game. I even imagined her older then she's described, as I just couldn't manage her as a teen, when reading. So obviously, her portrayal on tv fits perfectly and I didn't get the shocks that other posters had.To posters who find her drastically different from the books, I'd just like to point out that she is very different when she's alone with Renly behind closed doors (behind closed tent flap?), but in public, she's the perfect courteous noble lady just  like in the books.My only issue with the tv!Margaery is not her character, it's her dresses. I have to say that I find them weird. Not because of the cleavage, and it's a minor issue, it's just... the overall look. I don't know...  I kinda imagined Highgarden fashion to be more... lavish? luxurious? opulent? costly? I get the feeling they designed her dressed to show the Reach as more warm, liberated and adventurous, while keeping a look distinct from King's Landing and from across the Narrow Sea. Maybe it's just me, but it doesn't scream "rich lush flowery Highgarden" to me. I expected something in the same style as Loras' very frilly shirt and armor, so I'm slightly put off.About the Queen of Thorns, I really wished we'd see her, but from a story-telling point of view, it would be a bad idea to have her on the tv show: too much content for 10 episodes, too many characters to keep track of, more scenes needed for Margaery... While we get her importance in the books, she only has 2-3 (?) scenes, and considering how they've expanded Margaery and Loras for the show, it would make more sense to split the QoT's aspects between them.
1598	teemo	2012-04-17	I would agree that her clothes were not quite as extravagant as I pictured, considering that Highgarden is rich as hell.  Maybe Marg likes to dress more modestly before battle.
And there will be a QoT!!!  Has to be....
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 17 April 2012 - 10:34 PM.
1599	Honey Badger	2012-04-17	I love the choice of Natalie Dormer as Margaery Tyrell.  A wicked look to her, and incredibly beautiful.  Both inviting and dangerous, and you know not to turn your back on her.  Cersei in the books had it right; the moment she started slipping, Margaery will come in and replace her.  This TV character fit in line with my impression of Marg in the books.  Sweet on the outside, but every bit as dangerous as the Queen of Thorns behind closed doors.  I don't agree with the assertions that they changed the book character dramatically.  That only works if her being nice in public in the books was the version you believed.  If you always suspected her as a schemer, then the TV version only confirms what you already thought.
I also believe the theory that they may cut the Queen of Thorns.  A television series will have to watch the cast list, and Dormer can already fill this role.  Cut and paste what the QoT has coming and have Margaery do them instead.  It'd still work.  Plus it'd "level up" this television character to a more prominent position.
1600	Lord Godric	2012-04-17	I was always a fan of the decision of Natalie Dormer for Margaery because I was expecting them to take her down a path where they make her character similar to the Queen of Thorns.  And I was pleasantly surprised to see that they seem to be doing exactly that.  They are making Margaery a schemer and someone who puts politics first, and I think in the grand scheme of the show that is the better idea instead of making her simply a pawn. 
I was very happy with Dormer's performance and I look forward to how they will write her character.
1601	teemo	2012-04-17	You really think Margaery is capable of plotting the whole scheme with LF to kill Joffrey?  I know she's cunning and all, but she is NOT the QoT yet either.
1602	brena	2012-04-17	Maybe Marg likes to dress more modestly before battle. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  That dress is Margaery being "modest"... nice!And there will be a QoT!!!  Has to be....As a fan of the QoT who thinks House Tyrell is the greatest house of all, I'd really like to see her. But I just don't think it would add anything to the show. The show would benefit a whole lot more if Margaery has more importance.You really think Margaery is capable of plotting the whole scheme with LF to kill Joffrey?  I know she's cunning and all, but she is NOT the QoT yet either.We don't know that, in the books. It's hinted at, but we really don't know much of what book!Margaery is capable of. In the show, I think it would be awesome. Plus, we also have Loras, who knows (and outright said so in the shaving scene) that Joffrey is a monster. And he's already been shown as a schemer too. Even if he seems to genuinely love Renly, he did manipulated/convinced him to claim the throne.
1603	Honey Badger	2012-04-17	You really think Margaery is capable of plotting the whole scheme with LF to kill Joffrey?  I know she's cunning and all, but she is NOT the QoT yet either.Why not?  They'll expand her role to include the QoT.  If they imbue her with her powers, she won't need a grandmother telling her what to do.  Even Mace Tyrell could just stay at Highgarden instead of coming to court.  You guys shouldn't downplay the fact that you can't have that many people in an ensemble cast.  Once you have more than twenty main actors, you really start harming the show's ability to move the plot along using a ten one-hour episode format.
1604	Howling Mad	2012-04-17	And Natalie Dormer is way hot and did a great job as Margaery /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1605	Morrigan	2012-04-18	without the graphic sex scene? Sure. Would that have been exciting HBO typical drama? No!You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means...(Hint: there have been very graphic sex scenes in the show so far. None of them involved Renly and Loras. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />)
1606	GeorgeIAF	2012-04-18	Natalie Dormer fits perfectly as Margaery Tyrell, can't wait for the moment she will meet Cersei.
1607	Maria Underfoot	2012-04-18	Overall, I don't mind that they're presenting Margaery as politically active and competent. (As long as they bring the QoT in the show) But they could have found other ways to show that.In the books, I never believed she was actually a virgin (There are holes in her father's story that she's a maiden. I mean,Westeros wedding customs hardly allow a man not to bed his bride. I've often wondered, when the ceremony ended, didn't they do the stripping naked part? They skipped it at Tyrion's wedding, but there were obvious reasons for that. In this case, a king was getting married. How would he explain not following the tradition? And if the tradition was followed -we don't really care what happened in the bedroom-how does Mace claim that Marge was never bedded?). But that was never important. The truth of whether she was or wasn't a maiden. The appearance of it mattered. She was allowed to marry Joffrey (ahh almost marry Jofffrey?) because the official version was that she was a virgin. Cersei had to believe that she never slept with Renly, because it suited her. In order to appear a virgin, though, Marge must have adopted a certain style, you know shy and sweet, ''dove eyes'' and all. Let's say the stripping was okay. Her trying to consummate the marriage was reasonable. The ''shall I turn over and pretend I'm Loras'' part for me was over the line. You don't expect that sort of behavior from a 16 year old teenager. With this portrayal of her, how can she later be betrothed to Tommen (an 8 year kid, for the love of god)? We're gonna have problems later.All in all , I agree that it wouldn't hurt to leave some things to the viewer's imagination (Mel/Stannis etc) They shouldn't twist the story and characters to add more sex scenes. We have LF and the brothels for that. (BTW semen scene last episode, huge foul for me)
					
					
							Edited by Maria Underfoot, 18 April 2012 - 05:27 AM.
1608	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-18	i am always surprised when people say they didn't realize that renly is gay. i thought it was pretty much spelled out in the text.GRRM left enough hints in the book so the more clever readers could flesh it out.  It feels like HBO is trying to hit us over the head with a shovel to get it across and it detracts from the story.
1609	Milcov	2012-04-18	Overall, I don't mind that they're presenting Margaery as politically active and competent. (As long as they bring the QoT in the show) But they could have found other ways to show that.In the books, I never believed she was actually a virgin (There are holes in her father's story that she's a maiden. I mean,Westeros wedding customs hardly allow a man not to bed his bride. I've often wondered, when the ceremony ended, didn't they do the stripping naked part? They skipped it at Tyrion's wedding, but there were obvious reasons for that. In this case, a king was getting married. How would he explain not following the tradition? And if the tradition was followed -we don't really care what happened in the bedroom-how does Mace claim that Marge was never bedded?). But that was never important. The truth of whether she was or wasn't a maiden. The appearance of it mattered. She was allowed to marry Joffrey (ahh almost marry Jofffrey?) because the official version was that she was a virgin. Cersei had to believe that she never slept with Renly, because it suited her. In order to appear a virgin, though, Marge must have adopted a certain style, you know shy and sweet, ''dove eyes'' and all. Let's say the stripping was okay. Her trying to consummate the marriage was reasonable. The ''shall I turn over and pretend I'm Loras'' part for me was over the line. You don't expect that sort of behavior from a 16 year old teenager. With this portrayal of her, how can she later be betrothed to Tommen (an 8 year kid, for the love of god)? We're gonna have problems later.All in all , I agree that it wouldn't hurt to leave some things to the viewer's imagination (Mel/Stannis etc) They shouldn't twist the story and characters to add more sex scenes. We have LF and the brothels for that. (BTW semen scene last episode, huge foul for me)I always thought that she knew Renly was gay in the books, as it seemed fairly obvious and Loras and Margaery are very close. And Margaery isn't your typical 16 year old girl, Robb and Jon are Kings/Lord Commanders at that age and Dany is a Khaleesi at 13 so all the ages seem young to us. And when she is betrothed to Tommen in the books it's clear that she vies for control of him with Cersei, and largely wins due to how they both go about it. Also this scene is very important, because I imagine Renly dies soon and therefore doesn't consummate his marriage with Margaery (though the not a virgin line ruined that) showing she didn't have sex with Renly for the purposes of her marriage to Joffrey and then Tommen.
1610	teemo	2012-04-18	lol @ anyone who thinks there was a "graphic sex scene" between Renly and Loras.  Seriously?  Watch HBO a few hours after the show to see some actual graphic sex scenes.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 18 April 2012 - 11:24 AM.
1611	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	I'm quite sure that show Margaery is no more 16 than show Daenerys was 13.
Margaery understands the importance of her marriage to Renly and she isn't about to beat around the bush about his sexuality.
She knows the importance of sealing the deal with a child and instead of suffering Renly's shoddy refusals and "I'm not in the mood" bullshit she cut right to the point and let him know that she knew what he was, that she knew of his relationship with her brother, and that it really didn't matter to her so long as he got her pregnant.
We've hardly been exposed to her but I like the feel we've been given.
As for Maria's complaint about the overt sexuality in the show...  Are you knew to HBO?
The semen was a bit much, but then again that actress is used to having semen on her face so no harm no foul.
1612	Envie	2012-04-18	GRRM left enough hints in the book so the more clever readers could flesh it out.  It feels like HBO is trying to hit us over the head with a shovel to get it across and it detracts from the story. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />This.And to those in this thread who keep insisting on bringing it back up over and over that a gay blowjob scene is not graphic and omg we must be such prudes because it's HBO and there's way worse stuff hahaha... need to quit. We never needed that sort of crap to get the idea about sexual relations in the books George RR Martin wrote which were clearly intended for mature readers and contained a lot of detail and yet subtlety as well.It's very sophomoric to continue beating this dead horse topic as if these graphic (yes graphic) sex scenes are somehow no big deal. As if you're so porn savvy because that just makes you look juvenile.Read the books again. If the producers weren't working for HBO and had some sort of sex scene quota to fill, they could do just as well without it and still convey the meaning quite clearly. In many cases it detracts from the story and seems gratuitous. This has been said time and again by many people last season and it doesn't make them prudes or sex ignorant because they would prefer not having those scenes. I like good steamy sex scenes as well as the next when its relevant to the story. I never minded the incest scenes with Jaime and Cersei and hardly anyone complains about that but plenty complain about the gay sex and the prostitute sex which should be worrisome that somehow those are considered worse than incest. But I believe that's because some of those sex scenes were unnecessary and detracted from the characters and the story - especially the whore scenes in the brothel but whatever, their decision to put the scenes in.
1613	jblair	2012-04-18	I was always a fan of the decision of Natalie Dormer for Margaery because I was expecting them to take her down a path where they make her character similar to the Queen of Thorns.  And I was pleasantly surprised to see that they seem to be doing exactly that.  They are making Margaery a schemer and someone who puts politics first, and I think in the grand scheme of the show that is the better idea instead of making her simply a pawn.I was very happy with Dormer's performance and I look forward to how they will write her character.I never considered her merely a pawn in the books - she's more like the QoT's very adept (although still rather green) protege. Remember, Highgarden - like all the other truly successful houses - considers the Ladies potent players in their own right, just with a different skill set. Sure by what we currently know, she's fallen on hard times (losing Loras sucks, and the current pending charges aren't a cause for joy), but what player hasn't met adversity yet? Considering how the rest of her generation is faring (Robb, Joff, Sansa, etc.) she is ahead by light years for her age category. You don't waste a superstar like that as a pawn, as Thorns knows full-well.
1614	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	The slurpy blowjob noises were a bit much, but why keep forcing your butthurt in a thread unrelated to the topic?
The average tv viewer probably is stupider than the average book reader so maybe they do need to be beaten of the head.
1615	Envie	2012-04-18	Yes I agree, some do need hit over the head with something to get it. It keeps getting brought back up in this topic because there was dispute whether or not Margaery's personality would be sexy or demure and that led into more debate about Loras and Renly because of implicit or explicit references in the books vs. the series.
Bad choice of internet meme insult considering the subject matter though don't you think? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1616	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	Hehe, seemed relevant.
I'm thinking Renly is ontop.
I can't wait for the backlash that'll take place next week after the threesome scene.
1617	ikriti	2012-04-18	I feel like the scene was a waste of time for this reason. They don't have time for it. Book 1 was 800 and change long (paperback). In the first season they got in a few *hbo scenes* but had time to do so. This book is 970-ish. I feel now that this season so far things are getting a bit cramped. Most people i talk to feel the same regardless if they read the book or not. You don't really see more about how far margery will go to secure a place of power until later. Would have liked to see that side of her unwrap later instead of seeing her go full on in her 2nd scene with suggesting loras join in ect ect. Scenes like these *and Littlefinger's i'm a pimp and you better listen to what i say scene* in a way take away from potential time for more powerful/important/pivotal moments in the book. 
I feel like if they are getting this cramped in season 2 with 970-ish. I'm starting to get worry what will happen in season 3 with 1250-ish pages. In my opinion we need more episodes. 3 MORE WEEKS! 3 MORE WEEKS!... Or something.
1618	Brucolac	2012-04-18	They can't use an actress like Natalie Dormer and not give her any lines or scenes, so it wasn't a waste.   It was a way to introduce her and appearantly they are going to make her more like the queen of thorns than a chaste girl that never speaks like she is in the books.  Do you think she would have done the show if her only line was "Go, Loras.  Highgarden?"  It think she will turn out to be a good choice and one that can fill two roles later on.   It is the same reason you have Cersei and Jaime scenes that weren't in the book either.   They can't just disappear for extended periods like they do in the books.  If you want to use real actors you have to give them lines.
I do think the brothel scense are a waste of time though.   It would be more interesting to me to see varys and littlefinger having it out in small council instead of Baelish monloguing in his brothel.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 18 April 2012 - 09:12 PM.
1619	Lord Varys	2012-04-18	Perhaps they will actually stuff a lot of material into season 3. Meaning the whole sack of Winterfell thing. 'The Prince of Winterfell' is going to be episode 8. I guess this will be the episode were Theon will take Winterfell.
They don't have time for the whole Winterfell fallout in 'Blackwater' and 'Valar Morghulis'. Not with all the other stuff happening in those two episodes (Dany and the House of the Undying, the Battle of the Blackwater, the aftermath of the Battle of the Blackwater, Jaime being released, Robb's marriage thing, Jon, Ygritte, and Qhorin's death etc.).
This will work rather nice, I guess, since the whole wandering scenes with Bran in seasons 3/4 will be just boring. But if he will only start his journey for the Wall in season 3, things might actually get back on track.
As to Margaery: She is not a chaste girl. It's heavily implied in the books that Margaery Tyrell is not virgin, nor is he stupid. It's just that no POV spends any time at all with Margaery in ACoK. Cat sees here, and that's the end of the story. But what we learn about Margaery in ASoS and AFfC strongly indicates that she would act somewhat the way Dormer acted last episode.
1620	ikriti	2012-04-19	They can't use an actress like Natalie Dormer and not give her any lines or scenes, so it wasn't a waste.   It was a way to introduce her and appearantly they are going to make her more like the queen of thorns than a chaste girl that never speaks like she is in the books.  Do you think she would have done the show if her only line was "Go, Loras.  Highgarden?"  It think she will turn out to be a good choice and one that can fill two roles later on.   It is the same reason you have Cersei and Jaime scenes that weren't in the book either.   They can't just disappear for extended periods like they do in the books.  If you want to use real actors you have to give them lines.I do think the brothel scense are a waste of time though.   It would be more interesting to me to see varys and littlefinger having it out in small council instead of Baelish monloguing in his brothel.I agree. You have to give an actress of that caliber lines. Naturally. But I feel like they gave the viewer less element of discovery for the future than they should have. I guess that's what bothered me most about that scene. There are other ways to flesh out a character like margery. I felt the route they took kind've spoiled who she really is within 5 min of meeting the character. Even altering the dialouge a bit would have made it better. Taking out the whole inviting loras to the bedroom lines would improve on it. Not that i think its out of line. It just uses up her character in a way.I agree varys and littlefinger shouldve gone at it again instead. I like it.Lord Varys i agree with you. She may well have done the same in that situation but to immediatly show it so early makes me uneasy. There are so many ways to make her an interesting character without spoiling any future character discovery.  Felt like that scene takes a little away from future scenes. Just a touch more fleshing out. But that's the thing. It's getting cramped :/. I feel like 12 episodes would help next season out alot. Is it feasible?
1621	teemo	2012-04-19	Read the books again. If the producers weren't working for HBO and had some sort of sex scene quota to fill, they could do just as well without it and still convey the meaning quite clearly. In many cases it detracts from the story and seems gratuitous. This has been said time and again by many people last season and it doesn't make them prudes or sex ignorant because they would prefer not having those scenes. I like good steamy sex scenes as well as the next when its relevant to the story. I never minded the incest scenes with Jaime and Cersei and hardly anyone complains about that but plenty complain about the gay sex and the prostitute sex which should be worrisome that somehow those are considered worse than incest. But I believe that's because some of those sex scenes were unnecessary and detracted from the characters and the story - especially the whore scenes in the brothel but whatever, their decision to put the scenes in.This, this, this.  I think the unnecessary sexual gratuity is a total insult to the books.  Some unnecessary gratuity every now and then?  Ok.  But it's every episode.  I also think it kind of damages the show and makes some people take it quite a bit less seriously.  I typically don't have this much of a problem with unnecessary sexual gratuity in shows (I don't really care for it - but I can look past it), but for GoT it's just....different.  These are based on very special books, and if I want to watch lots of nude women I can go to a million places for that.  It doesn't need to be in my show based on one of the best series ever!
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 19 April 2012 - 02:31 AM.
1622	Alexius	2012-04-19	It was a way to introduce her and appearantly they are going to make her more like the queen of thorns than a chaste girl that never speaks like she is in the books.  Do you think she would have done the show if her only line was "Go, Loras.  Highgarden?" Girl that never speaks? She had some very good verbal duels with Cercei in AFFC. Also the Queen of Thorns left King's Landing in the first half of AFFC and Margaery was pretty good at gaining control over Tommen and winning popularity contest by herself.While Olenna Tyrell is a cool character she is somewhat shallow. Practically she's just a witty mastermind behind Tyrell's plots and I probably would prefer if they give more screen time to Mace and/or Garlan and share Tyrells' plotting between all family members.
1623	Ser McGuire	2012-04-19	Hi All,
I was pretty impressed with both the adapted writing for the character of Margaery and by the way that Natalie Dormer delivered the role.
I've read the books several times, and while I look for the TV show to follow the main arcs in the books, I don't look for all the details to be the same. In fact, I look forward to the differences to see how they're going to achieve similar results in a different way.
To me, the character of Margaery in this episode has very quickly been established as intelligent, politically aware, cunning, ruthless, astute, uninhibited when need be, practical, and has shown us a number of insights both into her and the Tyrells as a family, and what's expected of her. All in under five minutes.
She showed her social and political skills as a Queen by immediately observing the correct forms with Catelyn Stark. Then she followed it up with a blatant and unashamed seduction, knowing it would fail but allowing her to broach a delicate subject with her husband.
By neatly backing Renly into a corner and confronting him about his sexuality, or reluctance to engage into a sexual relationship with her, she has established herself to him as immediately trustworthy and capable of discretion, as an ally, and as someone who will do whatever it takes to make things work with her King. 
She has also shown us, the viewers, that she knows what she's doing before she does it. You could see that the whole scenario wasn't improvised, wasn't a blurted response, but was calm, reasoned and for want of a better word, manipulative.
Personally, after seeing barely five minutes of Margaery Tyrell in the TV adaptation, I'm really looking forward to seeing her more in Kings Landing.
I'm looking forward to her interactions with Joffrey and Sansa but most of all with Cersei, especially when they start bickering over Tommen. She already reminds me of what a younger Cersei Lannister may have been like, however she hasn't exhibited signs of the impulsive, arrogant and thoughtless behaviour that are some of Cersei's hallmarks.
As for the speculation about inclusion in the future for the QOT. That's up to the people who make the show, but which ever way they decide to go, I already have the impression that Margaery won't be out of her depth when she gets to Kings Landing. An elder advisor and tutor with her own games could really add depth, but if they choose to go without, I don't think it will make Margaery look any weaker as a character.
Ser McGuire
1624	Brucolac	2012-04-19	AnGirl that never speaks? She had some very good verbal duels with Cercei in AFFC. Also the Queen of Thorns left King's Landing in the first half of AFFC and Margaery was pretty good at gaining control over Tommen and winning popularity contest by herself.While Olenna Tyrell is a cool character she is somewhat shallow. Practically she's just a witty mastermind behind Tyrell's plots and I probably would prefer if they give more screen time to Mace and/or Garlan and share Tyrells' plotting between all family members.This would have only worked if they hadn't cast her till season three and her part would still have been small until season four and feast. Her character is extremely flat in the books though she does have a few moments I suppose and it looks like they are rounding her out by combining her with the QoT.  As for this comment "I think the unnecessary sexual gratuity is a total insult to the books"   Have you even read the books, especially the last one?  They probably were sold on the series because of it.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 19 April 2012 - 04:49 PM.
1625	Hyper	2012-04-19	This, this, this.  I think the unnecessary sexual gratuity is a total insult to the books.  Some unnecessary gratuity every now and then?  Ok.  But it's every episode.  I also think it kind of damages the show and makes some people take it quite a bit less seriously.  I typically don't have this much of a problem with unnecessary sexual gratuity in shows (I don't really care for it - but I can look past it), but for GoT it's just....different.  These are based on very special books, and if I want to watch lots of nude women I can go to a million places for that.  It doesn't need to be in my show based on one of the best series ever!Oh come on! Did you skip over all the explicit descriptions of sexual activities when you read the books? (Here is a compiled list of some of these scenes: http://www.towerofth...7_sex_specific/ - and that doesn't even include the multitude scenes of sexual brutality )GRRM can write many subtle things. But he is NOT subtle about sex. He just isn't. (And I don't mind that, it separates the books from typical fantasy fare) The difference here is that Renly and Loras were/are not POVs. *IF* they had been, you can bet that those chapters would be filled with plenty of subtlety on the level of 'fat pink mast', 'aching loins', and the other vivid terms GRRM uses when describing sex.I maintain that the level of sex and nudity of the HBO show is a fair representation of the sexual activities described in the books. Heck, one could even argue that the show is too mild. These "very special books" of yours are not as chaste as you might recall.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 19 April 2012 - 07:10 PM.
1626	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-20	Like you, I wasn't really sure about Natalie Dormer being cast as Margaery due to her age. But she's done a great job in this episode so I have hopes she's going to continue playing a convincing and clever Tyrell schemer (and yes she was a schemer taught by her amazing Grandmother!).Also, as a sidenote, I remember Natalie Dormer playing Anne Boleyn in the 'The Tudors' series on Showtime years ago so that was coloring my perception of her as a 'scheming queen' role haha!Dormer has the ability due to her pixie like face to play a role much younger than her natural age. Also, we must remember that they've aged everyone in the series up quite a bit from what they were written in the books. GRRM has also admitted in interviews he would have preferred a lot of the characters older than he originally wrote them. All of the Stark kids are older. Oddly, Joffrey, Myrcella and Tommen all seem to be about the same age as they were in the books. I don't think its going to look that odd to have Joffrey and Dormer playing Margaery together - Sansa is also older than Joffrey by a few years though it doesn't seem that way in the show.I think that Tommen was 9 in ACOK and Myrcella 10 or 11.   TV-Myrcella seems 12 or 13.  TV-Joffrey could be any age from 13 to 17, he has a slender build and a young face.  In the books, Sansa was slightly younger than Joffrey.My only problem with the casting of Natalie Dormer, who is in her low 30's, I think and looks in her mid-20's at least, is that I don't see how Cersei would ever allow her to marry 10-year-old Tommen; since, by the time Tommen was able to sire children, his queen might be too old to produce them.
1627	Envie	2012-04-20	I think that Tommen was 9 in ACOK and Myrcella 10 or 11.   TV-Myrcella seems 12 or 13.  TV-Joffrey could be any age from 13 to 17, he has a slender build and a young face.  In the books, Sansa was slightly younger than Joffrey.My only problem with the casting of Natalie Dormer, who is in her low 30's, I think and looks in her mid-20's at least, is that I don't see how Cersei would ever allow her to marry 10-year-old Tommen; since, by the time Tommen was able to sire children, his queen might be too old to produce them.  Well I don't think they intend for her to be a 25-35 year old woman in the series. I think her age is ambiguous based on her looks. She looks younger than Renly, not that it matters. But I would say they were going for an 19-22 year old look for her (she's built slight enough and again, pixie young face). Even so, A 20-something Queen is going to look odd next to a 10-14 year old Tommen even if he's been aged up a bit by then. It's not completely out of the question and in the model time period of the genre, perfectly normal. Oh and as for having children. Most women do not hit menopause until their late 40s as the earliest so even IF she were being cast as 25 and Tommen's lets say 12, the age difference is not that vast and yes, she would be able to produce children by the time he hits puberty. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1628	teemo	2012-04-20	I think it will be strange to see a 30 year old woman marrying a what....10 year old?  Even though she's not actually playing a 30 year old, she still looks her age.  Margaery definitely doesn't look like she's almost out of her child-bearing years, but yeah.....a little bizarre.  Her and Joffrey is weird enough.
1629	The Greatmatt	2012-04-20	Felt the need to jump in and say that absolutely loved the bedroom scene, and everything it said about Margaery's character. In the books they leave a lot about her character ambiguous, and while that can be a good thing, it's never a bad thing to get more of the blanks filled in revealing a compelling character.
Typically when we talk about moral ambiguity we talk about the good guys doing bad things. A far more interesting version of it though is when a character does things that immediately make the audience groan "That's just wrong!", but which really don't need to have any such reaction. What Margaery displays here is basically that she's going to be the most supportive queen Renly could possibly ask for, she's hurting no one, and so really we the audience are the one's with the issue. Great stuff, definitely stole the episode.
1630	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-20	They should have made the Tommen and Mycella older. Tommen looks like he is 6 on the show.
1631	Envie	2012-04-20	Typically when we talk about moral ambiguity we talk about the good guys doing bad things. A far more interesting version of it though is when a character does things that immediately make the audience groan "That's just wrong!", but which really don't need to have any such reaction. What Margaery displays here is basically that she's going to be the most supportive queen Renly could possibly ask for, she's hurting no one, and so really we the audience are the one's with the issue. Great stuff, definitely stole the episode.I completely agree with you here and why I felt the scene was well done. There's some criticism of it, that it was crass or played up the homosexuality too much, but I disagree. I think it was just the scene necessary to show how strongly the Tyrells want power with the royal family and that both brother and sister are willing to do whatever it takes - which is obviously the running theme of Game of Thrones ... who is willing to go to extremes (murders, blackmail, backstabbing, manipulations etc) to get what they want...whether that's love, sex, power, money - its all currency in this gambling game.I also think it displays Margaery as a more pragmatic and sensible "queen" of convenience. These things are highlighted in the book about her but we never got a POV chapter so we could only go with what others thought of her or scenes where she spoke from third person perspectives. I agree with many that had she been given a POV, we might see a much much more clever and manipulative Margaery who towards the end of the last book was managing to beat Cersei hands down at the favoritism and manipulation games.They don't even need Olenna (though I hope she is cast anyways) to make Margaery's personality displayed the way it should be from the book since they're giving Natalie Dormer the ability to portray that really well.
1632	brena	2012-04-20	She looks younger than Renly, not that it matters. But I would say they were going for an 19-22 year old look for her (she's built slight enough and again, pixie young face). Even so, A 20-something Queen is going to look odd next to a 10-14 year old Tommen even if he's been aged up a bit by then. It's not completely out of the question and in the model time period of the genre, perfectly normal.I think it will be strange to see a 30 year old woman marrying a what....10 year old?  Even though she's not actually playing a 30 year old, she still looks her age.  Margaery definitely doesn't look like she's almost out of her child-bearing years, but yeah.....a little bizarre.Margaery's age difference with Tommen is a little weird, even in the books. She's his bigger sister, not really his wife.And I agree with Envie, regardless of Dormer's real age, she looks very young due to her elfique features. And she's definitly presented as being younger then Renly.Also, from what we've seen so far, they seem to emphasis the changes of maturity in some characters by aging them significantly. Just compare photos from season 1 and season 2 of Robb, Loras and Renly, for best exemples. They look like they aged 10 years, mostly because in season 1 they were made to look much younger then the actors' real age. They might do something similar with Tommen too.
					
					
							Edited by brena, 20 April 2012 - 08:45 AM.
1633	Hyper	2012-04-20	Margaery's age difference with Tommen is a little weird, even in the books. She's his bigger sister, not really his wife.And I agree with Envie, regardless of Dormer's real age, she looks very young due to her elfique features. And she's definitly presented as being younger then Renly.I was very concerned about Dorner's age when she was cast (I had not seen her in much before) - but I think she is coming across as much younger than I expected. She can pass for someone in their early twenties - no problem IMO.And I agree, the Margery-Tommen union was a bit extreme in the books as well. But I think the Tommen actor in two years will make the difference less extreme than it would appear like now.
1634	Ghost714	2012-04-20	There is nothing weird about Margaery being married to Tommen, in Westeros. I think Natalie Dormer looks way younger than she is, and the show made her look even younger, I would say she is not over 20 based off of her looks and stuff in the show. Remember in Westeros we had people like Jon Arryn being married to Lysa Tully, he was older than her dad, and he looked it. There is no way Margaery looks older than Robert or even Jaime, let alone her actually being younger.
With that said, I absolutely loved Natalie Dormer as Margaery. I could very easily see them cutting Olenna Tyrell from the show, and if they do, I am fine with it, because Natalie Dormer can easily pull off both characters. I do not understand why so many people are freaking out at the possibility of Olenna's character being cut. She really is not that big of a character, and I don't know why so many people have blown her way out of proportion. Some one even said earlier in the thread, that it's ok to cut the Reeds, but not Olenna, because their role is much smaller than Olenna's. Frankly, I think that is crazy talk, Jojen and Meera are much bigger characters than Olenna Tyrell, even as individual characters they are bigger in the books, let alone both of the characters. So if we are going to accept the Reeds being gone all together, then I am fine with Olenna's character being wrapped into Margaery's, because Natalie Dormer did an amazing job. 
I am really so confused on how the show can do such amazing casting, with Margaery, Arya, Sansa, Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, Jon etc... And then do such a god awful job at casting Yara, because she is the worst casted character so far in the show, for having a fairly big role in the story.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 20 April 2012 - 05:56 PM.
1635	brena	2012-04-20	There is nothing weird about Margaery being married to Tommen, in Westeros. I think Natalie Dormer looks way younger than she is, and the show made her look even younger, I would say she is not over 20 based off of her looks and stuff in the show. Remember in Westeros we had people like Jon Arryn being married to Lysa Tully, he was older than her dad, and he looked it.I agree that age difference doesn't seem to be a major issue in Westeros. But I still think that, althought Margaery and Tommen's wedding is not  "OH MY SEVEN GODS!!"-weird, it's still depicted as somewhat unusual. Maybe not so much because of the age difference but mostly because Tommen is still a child that hasn't "come of age".And while Arryn/Lysa's wedding was accepted, it wasn't exactly the norm.[...]and I don't know why so many people have blown her way out of proportion. Some one even said earlier in the thread, that it's ok to cut the Reeds, but not Olenna, because their role is much smaller than Olenna's. Frankly, I think that is crazy talk, Jojen and Meera are much bigger characters than Olenna Tyrell, even as individual characters they are bigger in the books, let alone both of the characters. So if we are going to accept the Reeds being gone all together, then I am fine with Olenna's character being wrapped into Margaery's, because Natalie Dormer did an amazing job.I am really so confused on how the show can do such amazing casting, with Margaery, Arya, Sansa, Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, Jon etc... And then do such a god awful job at casting Yara, because she is the worst casted character so far in the show, for having a fairly big role in the story.LIke I said in another thread, I think people mix up what they absolutely love from the books with what is necessary for the tv show. I understand that some people are very attached to characters they've loved; I personnaly LOVE Olenna. But still, just because I love Olenna doesn't mean I can't see the show being done wonderfully without her. Some part of me wish she'll be included just because I want to see her, but overall I think it would benefit the show more if she wasn't there, because then Margaery could get more focus.About YarAsha, I completly disagree. I think she's brilliantly cast. I watch the shows with my husband who hasn't read the books and as soon as she appeared, he yelled "HOLY SHIT! THAT GIRL IS THE MOST BADASS PIRATE OF ALL!!!", before she even opened her mouth to say anything. When she and Theon were riding, he asked me when was she going to kick his teeth in and make him eat his boots.I think people pictured her more like Keira Knightley and were put off that the actress they chose has an unusual kind of beauty, has been made to look like she lives in tough conditions and doesn't spend time prettying up, and looks like she can actually lift her own weight.
1636	Envie	2012-04-20	I am really so confused on how the show can do such amazing casting, with Margaery, Arya, Sansa, Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, Jon etc... And then do such a god awful job at casting Yara, because she is the worst casted character so far in the show, for having a fairly big role in the story.Well see, that's just personal opinion - like most of the people in these debates. Many in the Asha/Yara thread defended her. I personally don't like the actor chosen or the way she's carrying the character but others think she's just fine, some even think she's great.At the same time, plenty of people can't stand the actors for Stannis, or Melisandre either. Some say Stannis didn't act anything like that in the book and his looks are all wrong. Others think Melisandre is all wrong. Just personal preference and probably how you imagined them from the book I guess. Overall I think they've had far more hits than misses with casting.
1637	Ghost714	2012-04-20	I agree that age difference doesn't seem to be a major issue in Westeros. But I still think that, althought Margaery and Tommen's wedding is not  "OH MY SEVEN GODS!!"-weird, it's still depicted as somewhat unusual. Maybe not so much because of the age difference but mostly because Tommen is still a child that hasn't "come of age".And while Arryn/Lysa's wedding was accepted, it wasn't exactly the norm.LIke I said in another thread, I think people mix up what they absolutely love from the books with what is necessary for the tv show. I understand that some people are very attached to characters they've loved; I personnaly LOVE Olenna. But still, just because I love Olenna doesn't mean I can't see the show being done wonderfully without her. Some part of me wish she'll be included just because I want to see her, but overall I think it would benefit the show more if she wasn't there, because then Margaery could get more focus.About YarAsha, I completly disagree. I think she's brilliantly cast. I watch the shows with my husband who hasn't read the books and as soon as she appeared, he yelled "HOLY SHIT! THAT GIRL IS THE MOST BADASS PIRATE OF ALL!!!", before she even opened her mouth to say anything. When she and Theon were riding, he asked me when was she going to kick his teeth in and make him eat his boots.I think people pictured her more like Keira Knightley and were put off that the actress they chose has an unusual kind of beauty, has been made to look like she lives in tough conditions and doesn't spend time prettying up, and looks like she can actually lift her own weight.I could care less if Yara was not stereotypically pretty, because I don't think Asha was in the books. However Asha did have a certain degree of sex appeal that I don't get from Yara at all. What Yara is missing most is the fire, swagger and cocky confidence that Asha has in the books. Yara seems cocky only in the sense that her daddy is Lord of the Iron Islands, and she is his little pet. When Asha has a cocky confidence because of her own abilities and might. I don't think Yara would stand a chance against book Asha. Yara is just to frumpy all around, and I don't think anybody would ever say that about Asha in the books. Again, my biggest complaint with Yara is not her looks, even though I do think Asha was some what physically fit and attractive, my biggest complaint is just the lifelessness that Yara portrays, which the opposite of being alive and full of fire, like Asha.
1638	The Greatmatt	2012-04-20	I completely agree with you here and why I felt the scene was well done. There's some criticism of it, that it was crass or played up the homosexuality too much, but I disagree. I think it was just the scene necessary to show how strongly the Tyrells want power with the royal family and that both brother and sister are willing to do whatever it takes - which is obviously the running theme of Game of Thrones ... who is willing to go to extremes (murders, blackmail, backstabbing, manipulations etc) to get what they want...whether that's love, sex, power, money - its all currency in this gambling game.I also think it displays Margaery as a more pragmatic and sensible "queen" of convenience. These things are highlighted in the book about her but we never got a POV chapter so we could only go with what others thought of her or scenes where she spoke from third person perspectives.I agree with many that had she been given a POV, we might see a much much more clever and manipulative Margaery who towards the end of the last book was managing to beat Cersei hands down at the favoritism and manipulation games.They don't even need Olenna (though I hope she is cast anyways) to make Margaery's personality displayed the way it should be from the book since they're giving Natalie Dormer the ability to portray that really well.A thought occurred to me since posting: I feel like Margaery might be the Joan Holloway of Westeros. Makes me happy.Agree with everything you say, including the bit that I still REALLY want the Queen of Thorns in there.
1639	The Greatmatt	2012-04-20	I could care less if Yara was not stereotypically pretty, because I don't think Asha was in the books. However Asha did have a certain degree of sex appeal that I don't get from Yara at all. What Yara is missing most is the fire, swagger and cocky confidence that Asha has in the books. Yara seems cocky only in the sense that her daddy is Lord of the Iron Islands, and she is his little pet. When Asha has a cocky confidence because of her own abilities and might. I don't think Yara would stand a chance against book Asha. Yara is just to frumpy all around, and I don't think anybody would ever say that about Asha in the books.Again, my biggest complaint with Yara is not her looks, even though I do think Asha was some what physically fit and attractive, my biggest complaint is just the lifelessness that Yara portrays, which the opposite of being alive and full of fire, like Asha.Yeah, I think this perspective has some merit. Go look at some pictures of the actress, and she's not unattractive, but they didn't really pick someone who comes off as fierce and strong. My mind is still open, but she just doesn't seem that intimidating right now.
1640	Brucolac	2012-04-20	I think it will be strange to see a 30 year old woman marrying a what....10 year old?  Even though she's not actually playing a 30 year old, she still looks her age.  Margaery definitely doesn't look like she's almost out of her child-bearing years, but yeah.....a little bizarre.  Her and Joffrey is weird enough.I can't picture tommen from anything else but Joffrey played what looked like a ten year old kid in "Batman Begins" almost 8 years ago.  He has to be close to eighteen by now.
1641	Lord Varys	2012-04-20	Margaery being much older than Tommen will make Cersei's resentment towards Tommen's marriage much understandable. It will be obvious to everyone that this is a political marriage only, and the fact that the Tyrells will insist on the marriage will show their ambition.
1642	brena	2012-04-20	I can't picture tommen from anything else but Joffrey played what looked like a ten year old kid in "Batman Begins" almost 8 years ago.  He has to be close to eighteen by now.Accordin to WInteriscoming.net, Callum Wharry, the actor who plays Tommen was about 11 years-old in 2010. So if that info is right, he's about 13, now.source: http://winteriscomin...nd-tommen-cast/From what I've seen on an unofficial fansite, Jack Gleeson (Joffrey) is a second-year college student as of 2012. In Ireland, I guess it means he's about 20 years-old??? Maybe some Irish member can confirm?source: http://jack-gleeson.com/
1643	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-04-20	Is there a chance that they are maybe cutting the Queen of Thorns role? Making Margery more intelligent and being able to play the game can make her fill in the role of organizing PW. That would blow. Great character with some fantastic lines. Must needs be in the show.
1644	brena	2012-04-20	That would blow. Great character with some fantastic lines. Must needs be in the show.While I loved her lines, I disagree that she needs to be in the show.Calling twins Left and Right and demanding cheese, are hilarious, but it doesn't bring nearly as much to a tv show as having one cunning mastermind Tyrell played by an actress of Dormer's caliber.
1645	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-21	About YarAsha, I completly disagree. I think she's brilliantly cast. I watch the shows with my husband who hasn't read the books and as soon as she appeared, he yelled "HOLY SHIT! THAT GIRL IS THE MOST BADASS PIRATE OF ALL!!!", before she even opened her mouth to say anything. When she and Theon were riding, he asked me when was she going to kick his teeth in and make him eat his boots.I think people pictured her more like Keira Knightley and were put off that the actress they chose has an unusual kind of beauty, has been made to look like she lives in tough conditions and doesn't spend time prettying up, and looks like she can actually lift her own weight.For me, the actress playing "Yara" doesn't look like she's lived in tough conditions - I'd expect a young woman who commands her own ship of raiders to be lean and tough. I certainly don't picture Asha as Keira Knightley, who looks like a stiff breeze might snap her arms. But I do picture Asha as a hard, athletic woman capable of keeping a ship full of reavers in line, and I can't see this actress doing anything close to that. If she lost the perpetual smirk, she'd have been a good choice to play the over-ripe Lysa Arryn described in the books. Or Lollys Stokeworth.As for attractiveness, I always picture Asha with dark hair, dark eyes and a big nose /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> . Not "pretty" but charismatic, funny and sexy - as she is in the books.
1646	Sci-2	2012-04-21	Sorry but, Renly being gay, with Loras as his lover, was always out there and so was Stannis sleeping with Mel. It was never left to the imagination. I don't care for the actress, however, I like her portrayal of Margaery.Yeah, I'm at a loss with people not realizing Renly was gay, or that Stannis only had sex with Melisandre to make the shadow babies. (as if that would have gone over better than just seducing him which is more immoral but way less creepy)
1647	Ghost714	2012-04-21	For me, the actress playing "Yara" doesn't look like she's lived in tough conditions - I'd expect a young woman who commands her own ship of raiders to be lean and tough. I certainly don't picture Asha as Keira Knightley, who looks like a stiff breeze might snap her arms. But I do picture Asha as a hard, athletic woman capable of keeping a ship full of reavers in line, and I can't see this actress doing anything close to that. If she lost the perpetual smirk, she'd have been a good choice to play the over-ripe Lysa Arryn described in the books. Or Lollys Stokeworth.As for attractiveness, I always picture Asha with dark hair, dark eyes and a big nose /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> . Not "pretty" but charismatic, funny and sexy - as she is in the books.I could not agree more with this post, my thoughts exactly.I also agree with the last post by "brena". I like Olenna Tyrell as much as anyone, but she is not "needed" for the show, when Natalie Dormer is playing Margaery, because she is more than capable of pulling off both characters. I really think she proved that in episode 3. Everyone said to give the actress playing Yara a shot, to see if she is a good fit for Asha, but after two episodes I am just more and more convinced that she is a horrible fit for the character. If the actress playing Yara had pulled of Asha, the same way that Natalie Dormer pulled off Margaery Tyrell the first time we see her, then I would be singing a far different toon, regardless of the actress not looking physically attractive in a way that Asha does. I don't mind the show changing the characters a bit, or even the actors changing the characters a bit, as long as its a positive change. Margaery in the show was definitely a positive change, Yara in the show was a horrible change. It just really sucks not being able to look forward to any of the Yara scene's in the show, I was so excited for the show getting to Asha's character, and now I dread it.
1648	teemo	2012-04-21	Yeah, I'm at a loss with people not realizing Renly was gay, or that Stannis only had sex with Melisandre to make the shadow babies. (as if that would have gone over better than just seducing him which is more immoral but way less creepy)I think what exactly happened between Meli and Stannis sexually is way more open to interpretation than Loras and Renly.  Loras and Renly were in love.  Meli and Stannis...why did they have sex when he has a wife?  Did he know of the shadow babies?  Did he realize that it was making him feeble?  Did it start out as just a "dutiful" way to make shadow babies and then turn into something more lustrous?  Or was Stannis just simply seduced?
1649	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-04-21	Natalie Dormer as Margaery is to old and to ugly, but I have to say that I like that they have made her more scheming.
1650	teemo	2012-04-21	Maybe too old.....but ugly?  She does kind of have a different look to her, but I think she's far from ugly...
1651	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-04-21	Maybe too old.....but ugly?  She does kind of have a different look to her, but I think she's far from ugly...I think she is more ugly than Brienne. It looks like someone have pinched Natalie in the face with a giant hand, and I hate her eyes.
1652	Ghost714	2012-04-21	Maybe too old.....but ugly?  She does kind of have a different look to her, but I think she's far from ugly...I don't think she is to old, and she is definitely not to ugly. Did people not see that rockin sexy naked body, or what? I agree she has a unique look, and at first I didn't think it was pretty, but I never once thought it was ugly. She definitely grew on me though, and now I really like her unique look. Even so, a face like hers may not be appealing to everybody, but when you see her face, with that perfect body, and her awesome confidence, I don't know how anyone could think she is ugly. She is way better looking than Brienne in the show, and Brienne in the books, and I think Brienne in the show looks way better looking than Yara in the show(not Asha in the books).
1653	Trinket2	2012-04-21	She has a beautiful body, obviously, but her face isn't very pretty. I'm fine with her being older than the book-Margaery, though.
About Ysha, I agree that she doesn't seem to have lived under very harsh conditions. She looks a bit like Balon and sort of got that bleakness that characterizes the Iron islands, but I would have preferred someone who looked a bit more wiry and tough.
Very happy with the Brienne casting, though.
1654	digiFemme	2012-04-22	I had my reservations about Dormer playing Margaery. Certainly it wasn't how I (and a lot of other people) imagined the character from the books but now that I've seen the whole Renly/Loras/Margaery scene I can understand the changes they made. I guess they wanted someone older and more world weary to go toe to toe with Cersei later on and it would've looked more believable for a woman of closer age and experience- it also accounts for her 'sexiness.' Funny because I was quite annoyed with her over the top sexy act in The Tudors...but this very thing somehow works for me better in GoT.What's even more strange is that I can actually imagine her even more with* Tommen now that the character is being played by an older woman. Yes, because she is an older woman and almost a mother figure I could very well see Tommen being swayed by her. It is squicky that she happens to be his wife but ironically, also another mother figure in his life because of her age- and thus, a threat to Cersei on that level, too. That she is good at convincing people like Renly shows she'll be good in handling Tommen and getting him on her side. "Yes, my dear Tommen. If you want to play with your crayons, then you shall. You're a king and no one can tell you otherwise...even your mother."
1655	addie	2012-04-22	My two cents on Maergery :
Pro : I love the way they extend her role, I was wondering wether we will see more of her, as in the book, she is just mentionned once and don't do much. I don't know how far they will go with her during the season, but she shows an interesting game in her conversation with Renly
Con: She was supposed to be a 16 year old maid (remmeber : she is just 3 years older than Sansa) and her behaviour with Loras is problematic. I read soimoewhere in this thread "cheesy softporn" and I deeply agree. This scene seems to be taken of a bad blue movie. 
I don't believe any 16 year old maid would behave like this unless she has had some experience, and this raises questions on the coming events. This portrayal of Maergery raises doubts on her virginity, and questions the coming plot with Cersei in AFFC. 
I am generally speaking fed up with HBO "sexy" treatment of the show. I know it is supposed to help to "keep the attention" of the viewer while explaining some important point, but come on. People are not that dumb, are they ?
1656	RoamingRonin	2012-04-22	Margaery was too submissive. Didn't like that one bit. One moment she's fierce and loyal then the next she's willing to be done doggy style side by side with her twin brother, all for her husband and king. I get that she has agreed to be Queen  for her brother and for her family but I always imagined Margaery to be... I dunno... cool yet strong willed. This Margaery seems a bit soft and lacking of a backbone.
1657	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-04-23	Did he know of the shadow babies?  Did he realize that it was making him feeble?  Did it start out as just a "dutiful" way to make shadow babies and then turn into something more lustrous?  Or was Stannis just simply seduced? He undoubtably knows that Melisandre is capable of conjuring some dark shit, otherwise why would he direct Davos to take her under the castle? Whether or not he knows what form it takes is questionable, I suppose.
1658	Brucolac	2012-04-23	I am generally speaking fed up with HBO "sexy" treatment of the show. I know it is supposed to help to "keep the attention" of the viewer while explaining some important point, but come on. People are not that dumb, are they ?IMBD rating of True BloodRatings: 8.1/10I think this is proof that they are.After seeing the next episode, it is clear that knowlege of Renly's predelections are very widespread.  I don't think it is surprising for her to offer to include her brother, though I doubt she had plans to make it a real threesome as much as using him as a fluffer.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 23 April 2012 - 05:58 PM.
1659	voodooqueen126	2012-04-24	i am always surprised when people say they didn't realize that renly is gay. i thought it was pretty much spelled out in the text.anyway...i didn't quite like the new sexy-marge at first, but i warmed to the character a lot more when she showed she really does have a brain and a strong grasp of politics.yes but the problem with Sexy-marg is that a woman who is overly sexual/overly prone to love is actually stupid with a poor grasp of politics.That's why Catherine Howard is widely considered an idiot.and all those women involved in the tour de nesle affair are also idiots.The only thing that went wrong for Anne Boleyn was her inability to bear a male heir, which led to the false accusations of adultery. Anne Boleyn's ability to withhold sex (her great chastity spiel) was the thing that enabled her to become Queen.So sexy-marg is therefore a much weaker stupider character than 'innocent' Margaery.
1660	addie	2012-04-24	yes but the problem with Sexy-marg is that a woman who is overly sexual/overly prone to love is actually stupid with a poor grasp of politics.I take back what I said before : some people ARE stupid.
1661	mor2	2012-05-19	I just watched the episode. First of all Margaery, suggesting to Renly that loras should join them, wtf?! and what with all the sex scenes?!
1662	l3ol3o	2012-05-30	Every time I thought of Margaery I think of a pretty 14 year old maiden as described in the books. She may be 15 by the time AcoK comes along but still... It's strange to see a 30 year old Natalie Dormer playing a sex kitten Margaery. I know they can't use anyone under 18 for because of the sex scenes but I feel HBO are making some of the characters way too old. Lets say that HBO decides to make the whole series. That will take years. At least 5-6 if they make a season every year. By this time Natalie Dormer will be closer to 40 then she will be 30 playing a girl who is will still be a teenager.
Margaery isn't the only character I'm worried about. Sansa will be in her 20's and won't look like a Naive child anymore. Bran and Ayra will be the biggest problems though we will notice their growth the most. Most of the Stark children act like children through out the book. It will be hard to watch men and women trying to act ten years younger then they are. If anything I think they should have cast younger people so they could grow into their roles.
Also, leave it to HBO to make a sub plot with Renly coming to terms with his gayness. They cut a lot of important info from this season yet they needed to add that sub plot.
1663	Triskan	2012-04-16	I wanted to call it "Yoren's last stand," but that might have been a bit too revealing for our non-reading friends. 
My question to you is this:  How badass was Yoren's last stand?  Obviously, this is a rhetorical question.  I am not asking to hear you equivocate on whether it was worthy of a thread or not.  I am asking to see who among you can do justice to its awesomeness with the written word.
Begin.
1664	Thunderfist	2012-04-17	There once was a man wearing black,
who fell victim to a brutal attack.
He fought with his body and thought with his head,
and littered the ground with Lannister dead.
Noble in deeds he kept the foes at bay, 
long enough for Arya to slip away
1665	The Monkey	2012-04-17	They made him so much more sympathetic in the series. In the novel he beat Arya on one or more occasion if I'm not mistaken, and was generally very cold and distant towards her.
Not that I mind the change. It adds to the tragedy of Arya's story as yet another father figure of sort is killed in front of her eyes.
1666	Lord Damian	2012-04-17	Yoren's scene was spectacular, he was a true badass and It shows how a long term veteran of the Nights Watch could take on anyone single combat and hold their own. In Yoren's case, impossibly outnumbered and going down after taking several with him was a glorious end to a good man. It also reinforces my pure hatred for all of the Lannisters. Except Tyrion ofcourse.
1667	Blisscraft	2012-04-17	I hate crossbows, too.
1668	Racibor	2012-04-17	He had what, 4 or 5 scenes in the series? Yet it was far more memorable then even some of the major characters, who had more screentime. Serious badass stuff and the actor did splendid job here.
1669	Ski the Swift	2012-04-17	Although loving the greatness of the scene I am a bit disappointed in the blood used in the series, it looks fake. It didn't bother me too much up until the sword is pulled from Yoren and it shows a full blade lengths worth of blood. Just sayin. It also has been awhile since I have read the books, does Yoren say the same or similar story to Arya about his revenge?
1670	Greywolf2375	2012-04-17	Although loving the greatness of the scene I am a bit disappointed in the blood used in the series, it looks fake. It didn't bother me too much up until the sword is pulled from Yoren and it shows a full blade lengths worth of blood. Just sayin. It also has been awhile since I have read the books, does Yoren say the same or similar story to Arya about his revenge?I don't believe there is any conversation like that from the books - their relationship in the books was very different than what is on screen.Yeah, when Lorch pulled the sword of Yorens back and it looked like he had just dipped it into a paint can, that was a little much.  There have been a few times when they have gone with the Friday the 13th view of blood shed - when Hugh of the Vale dies, Vardis Egan and the knight that gets knocked down on Joffreys name day each seemed to produce a small river of blood.  I don't want a 1950's type spot of blood on a shirt when someone got shot, but there is a happy medium in there.
1671	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	That was possibly the most badass fight scene on TV ever.  He's got an arrow buried so deep they'll have to bury him with it and still he manages to take out a couple men.  I give it a 9.  It'd get a 10 if they didn't ruin it with such terrible fake blood.
1672	Ser Sweets	2012-04-17	They made him so much more sympathetic in the series. In the novel he beat Arya on one or more occasion if I'm not mistaken, and was generally very cold and distant towards her.Not that I mind the change. It adds to the tragedy of Arya's story as yet another father figure of sort is killed in front of her eyes.He was a lot colder in the books, but he still had the same overall intentions. He was a good man, though one crusted over with callous. And dirt, if I recall correctly.Loved how they altered him in the series, and I was totes 'D:' at his death. He went out like a boss, at least.
1673	kungtotte	2012-04-17	His last stand totally makes up for cutting one of the best bad-ass one-liners in the entire series: "That's no law, just a sword. Happens I got one too."
1674	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	my non-reading wife was pissed when he died.  good sign
1675	Ser Plissken	2012-04-17	His last stand totally makes up for cutting one of the best bad-ass one-liners in the entire series: "That's no law, just a sword. Happens I got one too."Another badass line I would have loved to see in the show came just after the Gold Cloaks had been sent packing for the first time.  When Arya points out that the guy said he'd take Yoren's head, the Black Brother's priceless response was...Well, as to that, if he can get it off my shoulders, he's welcome to it.
1676	Arkash	2012-04-17	"That's no law, just a sword. Happens I got one too."I agree, it is sad this line didnt made it to the show !There was so much awesome lines in the books at this moment that didnt make it...
1677	lmanion	2012-04-17	Anyone else notice the first spear gets jabbed into the back of the top of his right leg very similar to what they did with Ned
1678	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-17	and one day william came to town..
1679	Bolivar	2012-04-17	I've whined about invented scenes, but I actually did like his tale of his brother. It made sense for the character in the books as well, who was described as sinister.
Fight scene was incredibly bad ass. I agree with the sentiment that it shows what a seasoned veteran of the Night's Watch is capable of, someone who's been North beyond the wall hunting wildlings and has seen other things.
1680	Chelly	2012-04-17	I enjoyed Yoren explaining to Arya how he ended up on the wall. I have no issue with him giving Arya the idea of her "prayer".
His final fight was badass. My favorite part besides "I hate crossbows" The next part when he says "They take to long to load" and then he starts cutting bitches down. I loved it. I though it was a nice touch how even after he died, he still wouldn't go down. Lorch had to push him over. Yoren was so cool.
1681	Fredwin	2012-04-17	I wish he didn't die offscreen in the book now. We missed out on a good fight. 
I never really got the feeling Yoren was a cold bastard in the book at all. I thought he made it pretty obvious Arya's life was at stake at all times and she had to play the role perfectally. The harshness he showed her was for her own good if she didn't want to get caught. He did give his life for his charges, in both versions.
1682	Vandalism	2012-04-17	I freakin loved Yoren as a minor character. I mean, gruff and rough he may have been, but he had a good heart to go out of his way and help Arya.
In a world where good never gets its rewards, a heroic death is always heart warming. Yoren was a hero.
1683	Skeksi	2012-04-17	I had a friend round to watch the episode, so I really had to hold back on yelling and cheering at the screen in Yoren's last fight. It was very hard.
1684	WhiteWalder	2012-04-17	If you are trained to kill Snarks and Grumpkins, then you can kill 5 or 6 Lannisters at once.
1685	Envie	2012-04-17	Showing Yoren's last stand on film was a good call in my opinion. It wasn't described in detail in the book as that chapter was Arya's POV and they escaped. 
I'm glad they changed it around to show the fight scene. So many great characters we love die in this story and viewers who haven't read the books are quickly coming to realize you shouldn't get too attached to any one hero as they may likely get killed. This is a great suspense tool that translates beautifully to television drama. Fans are loving it and many are rabildly devouring the books to try and get a better grasp on it all. It's a wonderful thing.
RIP Yoren, we loved you even if you were a mean bastard.
1686	Nebmai	2012-04-17	It was epic, although I liked the situation of the fight more in the book.  In the episode it was clearly 100% suicide to fight and nearly guaranteed they would get Gendry anyway, whereas in the book they were inside a holdfast and though it was dangerous to fight the situation wasn't quite as dire.
But yeah he did go out like a boss at least, and it was cool to see an old NW vet show what he was made of; they haven't really shown much how badass of fighters the NW can be yet, just shown them as grizzled old guys or newbies.
1687	Leto Atreides	2012-04-17	Yoren's last stand made up for how bad the whole scene was.Yoren is supposed to take pride in the fact that he never lost anyone on the way to the wall. Yet on the TV show, at the first sign of danger, he made his group run out of the keep to a certain death/capture. At least in the book he tried to reason with the Lannisters as a neutral man of the Night's Watch.
					
					
							Edited by Leto Atreides, 17 April 2012 - 03:07 PM.
1688	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-17	My appreciation for Yoren came at the time he was looked upon by Ned Stark and told the word 'Baelor'. Without hesitation, he grapped Arya and prevented her from seeing something no child should ever witness. In his sense of duty, the brother (Night's Watch) of Lord Stark's brother, vowed at that unspoken moment to protect the helpless of the realm. I thought it was a great way to show how the Night Watch doesnt get involved in the matters of the realm, but as we know they indeed do this on multiple occassions. Yoren was a great character to move the plot line along in the books, sadly his time has ended in the TV series as it did in the books.
1689	strifed169	2012-04-17	I enjoyed Yoren explaining to Arya how he ended up on the wall. I have no issue with him giving Arya the idea of her "prayer".His final fight was badass. My favorite part besides "I hate crossbows" The next part when he says "They take to long to load" and then he starts cutting bitches down. I loved it. I though it was a nice touch how even after he died, he still wouldn't go down. Lorch had to push him over. Yoren was so cool.Badass lol
1690	Blutrabe	2012-04-17	I only thought it was stupid that they didn't barricade themselves in the holdfast like in the book. What a silly choice for the location then.
1691	Morrigan	2012-04-17	Yoren fan here. I always liked him in the books and I was genuinely pissed when he died. He had balls of steel and took no shit from anyone, and he's one of the only ones who stood up to the Lannister's tyranny and spat in their face. Fuck yeah. Another badass line I would have loved to see in the show came just after the Gold Cloaks had been sent packing for the first time.  When Arya points out that the guy said he'd take Yoren's head, the Black Brother's priceless response was...Well, as to that, if he can get it off my shoulders, he's welcome to it.Yeah, I wanted that line and the one about the sword too, heh. Oh well. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> His "last stand" scene is a fair trade for those missing lines!He did give his life for his charges, in both versions.Indeed! I think Yoren, in a way, is the deconstruction of the valorous knight. In Sansa's songs, the True Knights are all beautiful, elegant, pretty, clean, etc. But in the "real" Westeros, they are assholes who don't give a shit about the smallfolk. Book-Yoren is a smelly, dirty, lice-ridden, foul-mouthed old bastard (TV-Yoren is noticeably cleaner and better-looking haha, but that's OK because the actor was great), yet he is the one who defended the weak and protected the innocent in the end. RIP Yoren. <3 \m/
1692	Envie	2012-04-17	Indeed! I think Yoren, in a way, is the deconstruction of the valorous knight. In Sansa's songs, the True Knights are all beautiful, elegant, pretty, clean, etc. But in the "real" Westeros, they are assholes who don't give a shit about the smallfolk. I thought it was the Hound who ended up being the reality of what a valorous knight really is in Sansa's mind? She often mused about it later on in chapters long after he was gone.
1693	kephv	2012-04-17	Not even being shot by a crossbow can stop Yoren from killing five guards. Not to mention it took four of those bastards just to bring him to heel.
And Francis Magee was fantastic in the role. He'll definitely be missed.
1694	Eogh	2012-04-17	Yoren's last stand made up for how bad the whole scene was.Yoren is supposed to take pride in the fact that he never lost anyone on the way to the wall. Yet on the TV show, at the first sign of danger, he made his group run out of the keep to a certain death/capture. At least in the book he tried to reason with the Lannisters as a neutral man of the Night's Watch.That's a good point, heedlessly running out of the holdfast was silly, and it would have made sense for him to at least try to reason with them as a neutral sworn brother. But at the same time they had already changed the scene in the show to have the Lannister men arrive specifically with the purpose of taking Gendry, so reasoning with them would be pretty pointless. In CoK Ser Amory and his men were just passing through the town, they weren't aware of Gendry at all, so Yoren stood a much better chance of persuading them not to attack.
1695	packersfan	2012-04-17	Yeah, I didn't understand the running out of the holdfast, but the ensuing badass last stand was great.  As for Yoren being too soft towards Arya, I think it was fine...since everyone else was asleep...his mission with her was not to take her to the wall, but to take her to Winterfell.  He knew who she was.  The gruffness we saw in the book and Season 1 was his way to get her to stay in character as a boy and always seemed to be in view of others.  While the conversation did not happen in the book, I think, it is believable.  It isn't like they hugged, and when he finished he laughed about how his story of revenge will help her sleep, haha.  I think Yoren gives us a real sense of the brutal world they live in.  The "good" guys are not all pacifist, perfectly moral, clean people...They are rough and have to be to survive.
Good point Eogh, I couldn't remember if Amory and his men were just passing or not.  Why did they attack in the book?  Was it because Yoren was not willing to give up the holdfast?  I do remember feeling that the shows depiction was not following what I read in the book.  I don't remember an instant "OK boys, these guys want to kill us, let's kill them first"
1696	boojam	2012-04-17	I wanted to call it "Yoren's last stand," but that might have been a bit too revealing for our non-reading friends. My question to you is this:  How badass was Yoren's last stand?  Obviously, this is a rhetorical question.  I am not asking to hear you equivocate on whether it was worthy of a thread or not.  I am asking to see who among you can do justice to its awesomeness with the written word.Begin.If you read the book Arya and crew find him dead with quite a few Ser Amory's men, and during the fight at the hold fast wall he , I think, took out even more before the wall was breached.Things of note:- Watching Arya and Yoren's last scene together was I thought another little gem for episode 3, which has quite a few.- Was that really Tom playing Jaqen in the cage?, almost got the impression they may have shot that scene before Wlaschiha was available. Not sure? Alas the elaboration of that sequence was really intense in the novel, we kind of lost that.- A neat wrap on the Gendry thing , using Lommey, ... here' the thing, maybe I don't remember from the novel that well, Amory wasn't looking for Gendry , attacked them for being rebels, ... in fact seems to me the whole Gendry - bastard thing gets totally lost in the later chaos and never comes up again... and by ASoS nobody cares anymore.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 April 2012 - 09:54 PM.
1697	smo	2012-04-17	I thought the scene with Yoren was great.  It wasn't like the book, but I thought they did it well.  He did a good job taking on those Lannisters and it was suicide and he knew it.  And Arya was great in saying that Gendry was already dead.
					
					
							Edited by smo, 17 April 2012 - 09:55 PM.
1698	teemo	2012-04-17	That was sad....and shocking.  Didn't expect everything to move so damn fast.
1699	Morrigan	2012-04-18	I thought it was the Hound who ended up being the reality of what a valorous knight really is in Sansa's mind? She often mused about it later on in chapters long after he was gone.Maybe, I know the Hound basically brings Sansa back to reality about what knights really are like (when he tells her his story of Ser Gregor), but the Hound himself doesn't really do anything that particularly chivalrous, whereas Yoren does give his life to protect the innocent and defend the weak (the knight's oath), so IMO Yoren dying for the smallfolk is the closest thing to a true knight that we've seen /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.Not even being shot by a crossbow can stop Yoren from killing five guards. Not to mention it took four of those bastards just to bring him to heel.[...] and the corpses of four Lannister men-at-arms were heaped near Yorenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. Arya wondered how many it had taken to bring him down. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 18 April 2012 - 03:17 AM.
1700	Kaldaur	2012-04-18	I've recently completed a re-read of CoK. As far as Yoren's death in the books, Amory Lorch is just passing through the area when they come upon the holdfast where Yoren has shacked up the recruits. He tells Yoren to open up and be inspected, although Yoren knows right away what's going to happen. He tells Lorch a few times that they're just NW men and no harm to anyone, but Lorch clearly wants a fight. Lorch is happy to throw away three times the number of his own men just to root them out of the building.
Out of Yoren's thirty, I think a good ten or so escape in the books. Arya, Gendry, Lommy, Hot Pie, two or three minor characters, and then the three men in the cages.
On the show, I understood time constraints were affecting them. They are cramming as much as they can to keep as many story lines afloat, and I'm glad of it. I'm also completely okay with Yoren giving Arya her prayer idea and loved the tribute they gave to Yoren before he died. A good way to send a good man out.
1701	boojam	2012-04-18	I've recently completed a re-read of CoK. As far as Yoren's death in the books, Amory Lorch is just passing through the area when they come upon the holdfast where Yoren has shacked up the recruits. He tells Yoren to open up and be inspected, although Yoren knows right away what's going to happen. He tells Lorch a few times that they're just NW men and no harm to anyone, but Lorch clearly wants a fight. Lorch is happy to throw away three times the number of his own men just to root them out of the building.Out of Yoren's thirty, I think a good ten or so escape in the books. Arya, Gendry, Lommy, Hot Pie, two or three minor characters, and then the three men in the cages.On the show, I understood time constraints were affecting them. They are cramming as much as they can to keep as many story lines afloat, and I'm glad of it. I'm also completely okay with Yoren giving Arya her prayer idea and loved the tribute they gave to Yoren before he died. A good way to send a good man out.Arya sees a lot of action in that fight at the hold fast wall. She wounds a few of Lorch's men trying to climb over , not long after she, Gendry and Hot Pie (of all people) kill one of the attackers. The reader starts to realize Arya is 'hard candy' , and on the way to becoming as ruthless as the times demand.In E3 she does not even get to use Needle as she did in CoK.
1702	Ser Steele	2012-04-18	There just aren't enough episodes and enough cash do do everything scene for scene, but I wish there was. That being said it was a great way to condense the transition of Arya in Yoren's hands to Harenhal. I can't complain for the awesomeness that Yoren had going down. Two thumbs up.
1703	Silverx2	2012-04-18	2 things
1.) in the TV show it wasn't a holdfast, it was a barn. a wood barn.  You know what happens when you barricade yourself inside a wooden barn? the people outside set it on fire.
2.) a few people have mentioned how mean Yoren was, or that he "beat" arya. This is also false. he never "Beat" Arya, he spanked her. When she attacked hotpie with the wooden sword, typical punishment would be a flogging. In order to keep the boys from finding out shes a girl(removing her shirt and whipping her) he takes her aside privately and bends her over a knee. I would hardly describe anything Yoren did as Mean.
1704	TheDrawback	2012-04-18	And now his watch has ended
RIP Yoren
1705	Fredwin	2012-04-18	2 things1.) in the TV show it wasn't a holdfast, it was a barn. a wood barn.  You know what happens when you barricade yourself inside a wooden barn? the people outside set it on fire.2.) a few people have mentioned how mean Yoren was, or that he "beat" arya. This is also false. he never "Beat" Arya, he spanked her. When she attacked hotpie with the wooden sword, typical punishment would be a flogging. In order to keep the boys from finding out shes a girl(removing her shirt and whipping her) he takes her aside privately and bends her over a knee. I would hardly describe anything Yoren did as Mean.If you rewatch the scene, for a wood barn, there are an awful lot of stone walls.
1706	The Monkey	2012-04-18	Arya sees a lot of action in that fight at the hold fast wall. She wounds a few of Lorch's men trying to climb over , not long after she, Gendry and Hot Pie (of all people) kill one of the attackers.The reader starts to realize Arya is 'hard candy' , and on the way to becoming as ruthless as the times demand.In E3 she does not even get to use Needle as she did in CoK.I'm not sure I'm against the change. This way, her murder of the Bolton guard at the end of this season will be even more shocking than in the book.
1707	Leto Atreides	2012-04-18	2 things1.) in the TV show it wasn't a holdfast, it was a barn. a wood barn.  You know what happens when you barricade yourself inside a wooden barn? the people outside set it on fire.No, Yoren and the kids ran out of a large stone structure. Re-watch the episode if you can.
1708	boojam	2012-04-18	2 things1.) in the TV show it wasn't a holdfast, it was a barn. a wood barn.  You know what happens when you barricade yourself inside a wooden barn? the people outside set it on fire.In the novel it was a hold fast with a wall and a barn where Jaqen and his crew were parked.On the HBO episode they were in a stone hold fast, with no wall and no barn.And there was no battle at the wall as there was in the book.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 April 2012 - 09:35 PM.
1709	teemo	2012-04-19	I wasnThey made him so much more sympathetic in the series. In the novel he beat Arya on one or more occasion if I'm not mistaken, and was generally very cold and distant towards her.He kind of had to beat her though.  And it wasn't that bad, I think he gave her a couple butt whips.  He may have been cold and distant, but he was doing everything he could to protect the new recruits and couldn't bring special attention to Arya.  I always thought he cared for her.
1710	Blangadanger	2012-04-20	I wasnHe kind of had to beat her though.  And it wasn't that bad, I think he gave her a couple butt whips.  He may have been cold and distant, but he was doing everything he could to protect the new recruits and couldn't bring special attention to Arya.  I always thought he cared for her.I think it was his love/respect for her Uncle and her father that he cared for her in the book. In the tv show they went deeper however, and the prayer sequence showed that he knew more about Arya's tragedy than most could.
1711	Jon Snows Ghost	2012-04-20	Bad Azz Scene!!!!
1712	Shay Baratheon	2012-04-20	I bet Tywin hates crossbows too
1713	Knight of Ashes	2012-04-20	Too bad about TV Yoren...he gave Arya such a cool haircut.
1714	Planetary	2012-04-22	As others have said, it was a great send-off, it dripped of bad-assedness, and it was crafted to make us hate the Lannisters all that much more. (Except Tyrion, of course.)
I haven't seen this mentioned anywhere else, but I also like how Yoren's hair changed from scraggly last season, to the long Northern style worn by Ned Stark and Benjen Stark. It offers a bit of subtle continuity, like "These are true Northerners, hard men who know how to fight and die."
And I say that despite a general feeling that too many characters changed hairstyle/appearance between the seasons, which generally hurts narrative continuity because not much time is supposed to pass. Rhakaro becomes a blood rider and gets a braid, yes. We know that as book readers, but TV watchers won't make the connection. And suddenly Irri goes from rocking a ponytail to artfully arranged hair, as if she found a stylist in the red waste.
1715	GSP	2012-04-23	"I enjoyed Yoren explaining to Arya how he ended up on the wall. I have no issue with him giving Arya the idea of her "prayer"."
Same here. Best thing that wasn't in the books that they added into the show imho (did the book ever mention why Yoren took the black? I can't remember reading that).
1716	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-25	Totally badass.
1717	teemo	2012-04-16	Okay, I'm not always the best at this, but something did pop out at me.
How come the sigil on the Greyjoy flag had a bluish/aqua background?  
Renly's banners also had that color.  I saw some armor lying around that was green, but I didn't spot any Baratheon colors.  I remember how Davos mentioned right before the Battle of Blackwater that Stannis should have considered using the traditional Baratheon sigil, considering that's what Renly did and it would work so well in getting support/love from people.
1718	Independent George	2012-04-16	The only thing that really bothers me is the time lapse. The Night's Watch has spent three episodes at Craster's Keep - which is apparently enough time for Theon to go from the Riverlands to Pike, and for a team of Gold Cloaks to ride up the Kingsroad, question Yoren, Ride back south for reinforcements, then back up again to attack them outside of Harrenhal.
I understand timing can't always be perfect due to dramatic purposes, but it the whole ranging just seems bogged down because of it.
1719	Tourniquet	2012-04-16	Somehow Cat also made it to the Stormlands?
1720	Xtopher	2012-04-16	I found it very funny when Tyrion said to Littlefinger "Dont you wanna see your precious Cat again?"
and in the spanish subtitles it was translated as cat (the animal) rather than Cat (Catelyn) and i was like... "wait, does Littlefinger own a house up there? did he live there as a child? does he like cats?"
lol, i was so confused until 5 minutes later i realized my mistake and had to watch the whole scene again.
1721	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	The only thing that really bothers me is the time lapse. The Night's Watch has spent three episodes at Craster's Keep - which is apparently enough time for Theon to go from the Riverlands to Pike, and for a team of Gold Cloaks to ride up the Kingsroad, question Yoren, Ride back south for reinforcements, then back up again to attack them outside of Harrenhal.I understand timing can't always be perfect due to dramatic purposes, but it the whole ranging just seems bogged down because of it.Just spreading out Jons story. But to nitpick a nitpick /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  : Amory Lorch is foraging for the army in Harrenhal, the gold cloaks did not have to go south just find help.
1722	End of Disc One	2012-04-16	The chapters in the books don't take place in chronological order anyway.
1723	Arkash	2012-04-16	I am too bothered by the blue of the Grejyjoy sigil.
1724	Crown	2012-04-16	I'm glad I am able to separate the series from the books in my mind, therefore I don't have these problems at all.
1725	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	My major nitpick is they aren't being consistent with the wolves.  Why the hell didn't Ghost come to Jon's aid?  I can accept that CGI and real wolves are expensive enough that they can't always have the wolves around, but couldn't they have had Craster mention that he got attacked by Ghost or something?
1726	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-16	Ghost oftentime goes hunting far off in the wilderness.
My dad was bugged by this as well, but in order for me to enjoy the show more I try to create plausible excuses.
1727	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-16	I'm glad I am able to separate the series from the books in my mind, therefore I don't have these problems at all.Somewhat seconded.Now when I read, characters look like show characters. The subconscious ambushes me every time, even when I remember what i thought they looked like.
1728	salt	2012-04-16	Somewhat seconded.Now when I read, characters look like show characters. The subconscious ambushes me every time, even when I remember what i thought they looked like.That sounds terrible, especially since some of the characters on the show are 15 year older (or more) than the book characters.  Luckily I haven't had that problem, I have clear mental images of the characters and I make a point of keeping them separate from the TV actors.
1729	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-16	I'm glad I am able to separate the series from the books in my mind, therefore I don't have these problems at all.Here, here! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1730	Lady IronHeart	2012-04-17	I second what _Oberyn_ said. When Amory Lorch introduces himself he says that the gold cloaks asked for his help. They probably met them on the road somewhere, saw that they were Lannister banner men and asked for a favor lol.
1731	teemo	2012-04-17	I wish I could separate the book from the series at all....I guess it's my OCD.  Drives me crazy sometimes!  And other people too /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1732	Gertrude	2012-04-17	I'm imagining the Greyjoy banners used to be black, but these are weathered and faded. I kind of actually like it that they took the time to age them.
1733	Carl Drogo	2012-04-17	I like the location work they did very much, but it is an inconsistency that King's Landing is filmed in a Mediterranean setting (Croatia) while the Stormlands (quite a ways to the South) are set in Ireland or Scotland.
1734	Fredwin	2012-04-17	My major nitpick is they aren't being consistent with the wolves.  Why the hell didn't Ghost come to Jon's aid?  I can accept that CGI and real wolves are expensive enough that they can't always have the wolves around, but couldn't they have had Craster mention that he got attacked by Ghost or something?I can see this really bothering a television viewer but Ghost is almost never around in the book either. He's actually usually around when Jon doesn't want him to be. Seems like the worst direwolf pet ever. Jon remarks on this quite a few times if I recall. This is one of the areas GRRM likes to liberally apply 'because the plot says so'.
1735	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-17	I can see this really bothering a television viewer but Ghost is almost never around in the book either. He's actually usually around when Jon doesn't want him to be. Seems like the worst direwolf pet ever. A direwolf is no â<U+0080><U+009C>petâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
1736	Greenseer Stark	2012-04-17	I'm imagining the Greyjoy banners used to be black, but these are weathered and faded. I kind of actually like it that they took the time to age them.I was initially a tad annoyed at the banners being blue rather than black, but I think that faded banners makes sense in this case.  So my annoyance was all for naught.
1737	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-04-17	The only thing that really bothers me is the time lapse. The Night's Watch has spent three episodes at Craster's Keep - which is apparently enough time for Theon to go from the Riverlands to Pike, and for a team of Gold Cloaks to ride up the Kingsroad, question Yoren, Ride back south for reinforcements, then back up again to attack them outside of Harrenhal.I seem to remember them spending quite some time there before moving on.
1738	Thendel	2012-04-17	If I'm not mistaken, Renly will be sporting some clothes and armor later that are Baratheon to the core.
But on another matter: I'm not sure I agree on having relocated the tourney of "Bitterbridge" to the coastal Stormlands. It reinforces Renly's popularity among his bannermen (at the cost of his support in the Reach), but where is Stannis supposed to land with his forces later, and how can he begin the siege on Storm's End before Renly can arrive?
1739	Maltaran	2012-04-17	Renly's banners looked alright to me - Gold stag on green, i.e. Baratheon banners with Tyrell colours.
1740	Buckwheat	2012-04-18	I like the location work they did very much, but it is an inconsistency that King's Landing is filmed in a Mediterranean setting (Croatia) while the Stormlands (quite a ways to the South) are set in Ireland or Scotland. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> And the Rad Keep looks entirely different from last season, I think.I can see this really bothering a television viewer but Ghost is almost never around in the book either. He's actually usually around when Jon doesn't want him to be. Seems like the worst direwolf pet ever. Jon remarks on this quite a few times if I recall. This is one of the areas GRRM likes to liberally apply 'because the plot says so'.I think he is in the books a lot, actually I always imagine him being near, he always lies on the floor somewhere near and gnaws a bone or something. He is in the TV series very little.I am not sure, but was Summer not much darker in the first episode that the third? Might have just been the reflection on the water, though.What does not add up for me is Theon flying over half a room after Balon smacked him. My first thought after seeing that was "the Mythbusters should check that one".
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 18 April 2012 - 05:44 AM.
1741	Dark Night Full of Ninjas	2012-04-18	I seem to remember them spending quite some time there before moving on.I believe Craster didn't want them there any longer than a day if I'm not mistaken.What does not add up for me is Theon flying over half a room after Balon smacked him. My first thought after seeing that was "the Mythbusters should check that one".XD  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Something that bugged me was them making Shae Sansa's handmaid already. I haven't read SoS yet, however curiosity got the better of me and I skimmed it (*hangs head in shame*), and I know eventually she becomes Sansa's handmaid. Maybe its to cut out all the brothel, secret tunnels, and extra characters to save money? But doesn't Cersei try to use Alayaya against Tyrion, thinking she's the whore he's been seeing? Maybe that part isn't as important as I think it is.
1742	Fredwin	2012-04-18	A direwolf is no â<U+0080><U+009C>petâ<U+0080><U+009D>.Can't detect the joke?
1743	WildlingGirl	2012-04-18	Can't detect the joke?Let me help you:"A direwolf is no pet. Get her a dog, she'll thank you for it". Robert Baratheon to Ned Stark, after being coerced by Cersei to order the death of Sansa's Lady.ETA Ned
					
					
							Edited by WildlingGirl, 18 April 2012 - 10:44 AM.
1744	Greywolf2375	2012-04-18	I believe Craster didn't want them there any longer than a day if I'm not mistaken.XD  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Something that bugged me was them making Shae Sansa's handmaid already. I haven't read SoS yet, however curiosity got the better of me and I skimmed it (*hangs head in shame*), and I know eventually she becomes Sansa's handmaid. Maybe its to cut out all the brothel, secret tunnels, and extra characters to save money? But doesn't Cersei try to use Alayaya against Tyrion, thinking she's the whore he's been seeing? Maybe that part isn't as important as I think it is.There's alot to the story - skimming it won't do justice.  Ros however could be the replacement for Yaya in that scenario if it does play out since Tyrion was with her in WF.
1745	Dark Night Full of Ninjas	2012-04-18	There's alot to the story - skimming it won't do justice.  Ros however could be the replacement for Yaya in that scenario if it does play out since Tyrion was with her in WF.Oh, I know. I plan on reading SoS entirley. I'm just taking a break from the books right now. However, like I said, curiosity got the better of me, so I ended up skimming it right after I finished CoK /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />  Oh yeah! I completely forgot Tyrion was with Ros in WF, and now she's conveniently close in KL. Hmmmmm. Interesting.
1746	the maester	2012-04-23	I second what _Oberyn_ said. When Amory Lorch introduces himself he says that the gold cloaks asked for his help. They probably met them on the road somewhere, saw that they were Lannister banner men and asked for a favor lol.Or sent a Raven
1747	Greatjonsrevenge	2012-05-03	So is this thread is about " things that don't add up " ...  as in stuff that is drastically changed from the books , or things added to the story that should not be there ? 
Why has no one mentioned the fabricated homoerotic relationship between Renly and Loras Tyrell  ?  Obviously this was added for the pure
" steaminess" as we know HBO has to have gay stuff in their shows. Ridiculous. 
I also noticed in a preview ( haven't seen the episode yet ) that Arya speaks with Tywin at some point.  That simply never happened in the books. Why ?  
This is what kills me .  I understand making changes to simplify , or as a result of time constraints, etc.  But there are many BIG changes occurring which I find pointless.  Matter of fact, Arya speaking with Tywin could change the entire direction of several storylines when played out to a logical conclusion.  I just don't get it.
1748	BoX	2012-04-17	Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.
1749	Nymeria101	2012-04-18	Yeah, I noticed that too...Well, I guess they decided to skip the scenes of Arya, Gendry and others escaping because they thought they were unnecessary and a waste of time. But since It doesn't affect the story, it doesn't really matter. Maybe Arya will start hating the Tickler on their way to Harrenhall... I don't know.
But I agree with you...Season 1 was better.
					
					
							Edited by Nymeria101, 18 April 2012 - 05:07 AM.
1750	strifed169	2012-04-18	If they plan to condense the entire clash of kings into 10 episodes than this was completely necessary and very well done imo
1751	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-18	If they plan to condense the entire clash of kings into 10 episodes than this was completely necessary and very well done imoI think they did the series a disservice by not extending it to a 12 episode season.
1752	Mulled Wino	2012-04-18	I think it was a brilliant move.  There's not time in a 10 ep series to show Arya and co meandering around and getting caught by the Clegane's men. Harranhal with Clegane, Weese, Bloody Mummers, and Hagar is going to make for waaaaay better tv.  
I think this season is going to end up better.  Last week's episode was hetter than any of the first 3 of Go
T
1753	jugdesh258	2012-04-18	Except for the fact that Lommy forgot to say "I yield" before getting it in the throat, I think they did a good job condensing the storyline.
It is not just for timing.  Alot in the chapters is self-reflection, pontificating on the past, and POV actually recaping events that other non-pov characters have done to move along the story,  That don't work on screen
1754	lightbringer333	2012-04-18	one of the main problem with the season 2 is it is based on clash of kings and in which there are so many events that took place in short time. and so many kings are emerging from all direction and so many twist and turns. u cant blame the production team of this show. they will have to compromise with the quality of show if they planned it to make it of 10 episodes.
i agree that season 1 was much better in depth and quality and characters. 
i will give season 1 as 9.5/10 and was almost perfect.  and season 2 as 8.5/10 just more than good.
1755	The Monkey	2012-04-18	The only necessary element on the trip to Harrenhall after Yoren was killed was the torture scene, and in the previews for next week, we see Arya being present in such a scene. Plus, The Tickler has been cast so we will definitely see him. They have probably just moved the torture scene to Harrenhall, or during the journey there.
1756	The Unborn	2012-04-18	Wow you guys are lucky. I can only rate 3 episodes so far as I haven't seen the whole season yet...
I don't understand why people were a bit upset about that scene. If they werent captured yet, you would need one more episode where theyre running away. 10 episode is short enough, we dont need to see them run away for another episode. If they can merge some events into Harrenhal then its all good.
1757	Sadie Stark	2012-04-18	I think that is the main thing, I think that they should have extended the series by a few episodes, that way they don't have to squash everything into 10 episodes. For a book as big as aCoK I would have thought 12 episodes would be pushing it, I understand there may be budgetary limits, but taking it as far as they can benefits us, the viewers, who are sat there going, why-why-why have they done that. 
I think my biggest regret so far is reading the books because I'm getting wound up at the way they've handled a few things.
1758	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-18	I think they did the series a disservice by not extending it to a 12 episode season.that is out of the question with there year round schedule.. drop it, move on
1759	Mulled Wino	2012-04-18	Wow you guys are lucky. I can only rate 3 episodes so far as I haven't seen the whole season yet...I don't understand why people were a bit upset about that scene. If they werent captured yet, you would need one more episode where theyre running away. 10 episode is short enough, we dont need to see them run away for another episode. If they can merge some events into Harrenhal then its all good.I agree.  Wish I was jojen and knew how the tv series was going to play out so I can rank it vs a full first season.
1760	_Oberyn_	2012-04-18	Ive been upset by alot less but this was a good change imo. It was a nicely done shift of story that made sense for a change unlike most other deviations that seem to be random and pointless.
I think there is a small "mishap" right at the end. A second before Arya has her lightbulb moment there is a horse whinny in the background that makes Arya look like she is reacring to the sound rather then haveing an idea.
1761	sarah.jenice	2012-04-18	I understand why they had to condense it so we can get to Harrenhall faster. I figured they would eliminate Arya and co. on the run when she told Gendry her true identity in Episode 2. 
Yes, the scene was a bit short, and with them cutting Arya on the run, I wish they would have at least let them fight a little longer with Hot Pie yelling, "Hot Pie!"
I'm just trying to love the show as it is and not worry if it isn't an exact recreation of the books. I think they are really trying hard to hit the major plot points, and that makes me happy.
1762	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-18	that is out of the question with there year round schedule.. drop it, move onThat sounds like arbitrary and capricious reasoning.  Two more hours of filming isn't much, considering they are already on location.
1763	kephv	2012-04-18	I thought it was a good way to condense the material. Arya scenes with Yoren, when she's wiping down Needle, and the scenes outside were my favorite of the episode.
1764	Fat Mac	2012-04-18	I didn't mind it. They have to condense the book a lot, and Arya and co. escaping sounds like something they dont really need to do.
1765	Tadco26	2012-04-18	That sounds like arbitrary and capricious reasoning.  Two more hours of filming isn't much, considering they are already on location.To be fair, it takes alot more than 2 hours of filming to get two one hour finished episodes.  I agree that the season would be much better served with 12 episodes, and many parts feel rushed, which just makes any original scenes they add that are not spectacular, feel like wastes of time to me.  But at the same time it would be a major misconception to imply they filmed the 10 hour season in 10 hours.  Two more episodes would require a significant increase in time and money to do unfortunately.
1766	Envie	2012-04-18	To be fair, it takes alot more than 2 hours of filming to get two one hour finished episodes.  I agree that the season would be much better served with 12 episodes, and many parts feel rushed, which just makes any original scenes they add that are not spectacular, feel like wastes of time to me.  But at the same time it would be a major misconception to imply they filmed the 10 hour season in 10 hours.  Two more episodes would require a significant increase in time and money to do unfortunately.This.Some people are really taking the immense amount of time, money and effort that filming these episodes actually takes. It takes weeks of filming to create one high value hour of filming. You do realize that many 2 hour theater movies take months and months to do, right?I'm with others who were fine with the change for brevity sake. The way they changed it works and still keeps the story basically moving in the right direction.
1767	Isabella Stark	2012-04-18	I liked this change.  As much as I love the books, I find all the wandering-around-the-Riverlands tedious. If HBO condences the wandering, IMHO it'll be an improvement.  As others have noted, the torture scene can take place at Harrenhall.
1768	As high as honor	2012-04-18	Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Not at all. I thought the scene was great. I thought the whole episode was great. I'm noticing a lot of people are starting to become very picky with the show. A lot of things need to be cut out or interpreted in a slightly different way. They don't have the budget or the time to shoot every single detail from the books. If they did, you would end up with a season that was 14 episodes, and might be boring for television.
1769	Dornish	2012-04-18	The only problem I had with it was that Hot Pie would have cracked and given up Gendry in way less time than it took Arya to come up with her ruse.
1770	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-19	To be fair, it takes alot more than 2 hours of filming to get two one hour finished episodes.  I agree that the season would be much better served with 12 episodes, and many parts feel rushed, which just makes any original scenes they add that are not spectacular, feel like wastes of time to me.  But at the same time it would be a major misconception to imply they filmed the 10 hour season in 10 hours.  Two more episodes would require a significant increase in time and money to do unfortunately.Not really.  The bigger time would be in drafting more script.  Most of the added scenes would be in previously used locations/sets and assuming they do 5-10 takes of every scene to get several angles and pick the best readings, this is probably adding no more than a day or two to each location.  A better finished product is worth a day or two.
1771	teemo	2012-04-19	I was starting to get a major headache watching that lightning fast scene.  I understand why they did it and it's probably fine with a typical viewer, but it was quite shocking and yes, a little disappointing.
1772	Eichenlaub	2012-04-19	I'm starting to wonder if I imagined all the exterior and war parts of the books. so far the war if the five kings reminds me of a cold war, nothing happens. Westeros in the show seems like a nice place to be a peasant, not so much in the books. They could have put fake blood on some extras and have them play dead, have yoren give some explanation, maybe.have some of the corpses be naked, HBO would like that. Maybe peasant rape could be incorporated into an episode, that would illustrate atrocity and help with the nudity quota
1773	Greywolf2375	2012-04-19	Except for the fact that Lommy forgot to say "I yield" before getting it in the throat, I think they did a good job condensing the storyline.They did have HotPie say it as they were being gathered up, but yeah, that would have been a nice touch.  They did keep the "got to carry me" in which was cool.I was fine with the fight & chase being condensed down.  Not really missing anything in the transit that was critical to have.
1774	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-19	Not really.  The bigger time would be in drafting more script.  Most of the added scenes would be in previously used locations/sets and assuming they do 5-10 takes of every scene to get several angles and pick the best readings, this is probably adding no more than a day or two to each location.  A better finished product is worth a day or two.I think you're wrong about this, and I agree that 12 episodes would have been preferable to ten, but adding two whole new episodes would take a hell of a lot longer than just a day or two. If it was just as simple as two days of extra filming, they would have added two episodes.Two whole episodes requires a lot more filming, and tons more done in post production, such as editing, adding music, etc. Would have taken additional weeks and possibly months, not just two days. And obviously, two more episodes would cost more, which may also be a reason for HBO ordering 10 rather than 12.Considering they have only ten episodes this season and things needed to be condensed, I was very happy with how they handled Arya's storyline. Makes sense to just have them get captured at that moment, and the show already covered the most important scene of the books during that short time she's on the run, that being Arya telling Gendry who she really was.
1775	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-04-19	I did miss the "Hot Pie!" battle cry, but I found this adaptation one of the better ideas the show had.
1776	Tadco26	2012-04-19	Not really.  The bigger time would be in drafting more script.  Most of the added scenes would be in previously used locations/sets and assuming they do 5-10 takes of every scene to get several angles and pick the best readings, this is probably adding no more than a day or two to each location.  A better finished product is worth a day or two.If that was the case then why did it take them several months to get 10 episodes filmed?  You have to have time for the actors to learn their lines.  You have to prepare special effects and post production.  You have to work out the directing of the scene, the writing of the scene, the stunt work or fight choreography of the scene if required.  Organize extras, makeup, costumes, and so on.  From what I have seen in the making of videos from season 1 and the previews of season 2, it is not uncommon for a single long scene to take an entire day or more to film.  To think you will get 2 episodes at the current level of quality in a day or two is not realistic.
1777	Eggy	2012-04-19	It was a clever way to condense the storyline of Arya somewhat. Brian Cogman was interviewed by Westeros.org a few days ago and he gave a good explanation why they did what they did. You can find the entire interview here. A while ago I read somewhere that shooting a single episode takes up to 10 days, mind you this is just for the raw footage. An episode like Blackwater took an entire month to film! Adding two episodes is simply not possible unless they start sacrificing on quality.
1778	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-19	They have 10 episodes to condense the entire novel, only things that affect the plot would be included.
1779	Tadco26	2012-04-19	They have 10 episodes to condense the entire novel, only things that affect the plot would be included.From a practical standpoint I agree, though if you take that to the extreme they could cut Dorne from the story completely in future seasons and end up at roughly the same spot as the books are at the end of Dance.  I'd miss the Red Viper, but otherwise what is the end result of the rest of Dorne's involvement so far relative to the number of chapters they get, the number of characters they will have to cast for the TV show, and time spent on those characters?Part of the appeal of the story is the journey, not just the final destination.  I understand the financial and time constraints that have resulted in things being a 10 episode season and much condensed, but I can't say the story doesn't suffer at all from those changes.  To contrast there are other TV shows that I enjoy where I never think this is pretty good, but it would be even better if they had more budget, or more episodes to flesh out the story.  Perhaps if I wasn't pre-biased due to the books that would be less of an issue.
1780	CacauCinnamon	2012-04-19	Although this was the best episode so far IMHO, I really missed Arya screaming Winterfell and all that stuff. I loved the fight scene in the book, I cheered for the characters so much...
Still, I understand it'd be wasting a lot of screen time when they only have 10 episodes to show the whole Clash of Kings book... Honestly, I hope next season will have more chapters... or else I think a lot will be lost /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I was a bit upset with some changes at first... I still am at some, but I think it's for the best, after all, the books and the series can't be the same thing. There's a lot to change from one medium to another....
1781	Independent George	2012-04-19	That sounds like arbitrary and capricious reasoning.  Two more hours of filming isn't much, considering they are already on location.Good grief. Filming takes more than just three guys and a camera. Simply shooting the scenes involves transporting millions of dollars of equipment around the globe, filming in multiple locations year-round, scheduling dozens of actors, hundreds of crewmen, constructing and maintaining sets, cutting, reviewing, and re-shooting dailies.But yes, you're absolutely right, two extra hours involves absolutely no extra effort whatsoever, and they're only doing ten episodes because they're lazy.
1782	imbs	2012-04-19	it seemed like a good way to condense the story in a way that doesn't necessarily rule out some of the interesting scenes like with the tickler.
1783	Gogossos	2012-04-19	Does it mean they will cut out Weasel? Then how will they explain the weasel soup? Also, even though it doesn't affect the overall story - and Arya never trully reflects back on it afterwards - I loved seeing her looking after a baby. It's one of the things that forces her to grow up way too fast and forms part of her character.
1784	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-19	If they plan to condense the entire clash of kings into 10 episodes than this was completely necessary and very well done imoIt might not have been necessary if they'd decided to exclude just one gratuitous sex scene somewhere in the season. Normally I'm a big fan of gratuitous sex, but not when it starts interfering with the story-telling.
1785	Archmaester Marwin	2012-04-19	I thought Yoren mouthing off to a bunch of armed guys seemed reckless to the point of suicidal stupidity when he's not at the top of holdfast walls like in the books. I really liked Yorens bit with Arya though, once I realized where it was going. The prayer is a cool part to keep I think. Also the wagon with Jaqen, Rorge and Biter in it being on fire works much better in a barn thats going up than just being outside and catching on fire from a stray torch, but whatever. These things aren't big details, I just thought Yoren going hero mode was a bit outside of the tone of the books. Whoever killed Lommy had a really good look for one of Lorch's thugs. Also didn't think there was much point to making it all about Gendry too...
1786	zippypoodle	2012-04-19	Was anybody else really upset about how the show handled the big fight with Yoren's group and and the Lannister soldiers. I understand budget/time limitations, but it really bothered me that they condensed and changed SO much (almost everything). On the show, once everybody is captured they announce that they are going to Harrenhall. If you're familiar, Arya and her small group escape and later get caught. And during THIS capture, a bunch of villagers are tortured by The Tickler.  During this, is when she starts to hate The Tickler and The Mountain's men. I'm probably being premature on this, they (the show) may decide to have the scenes in their own way. Anyway I've just not been very impressed with season 2, I loved season 1.Not upset in the slightest. They managed to keep all the salient points in while condensing the plot in a way that makes sense.  In the book there is A)the tower battle; B)the escape and capture; c)the journey to Harrenhal during which Arya starts her "prayer".  All they did was combine A + B. And to me, S2 picked up right where S1 left off in quality and has only gotten better.  Having said that, it is virtually inevitable that they further they go in the series, the more they will have to cut from the book which will upset the book purists.
1787	Dirty Steve	2012-04-19	I have been disappointed with all the changes. At least they could have made Arya go down with a fight instead of a whimper. She was yelling WINTERFELL WINTERFELL. Everyone heard her and hot pie was yelling hot pie. I just feel that Arya was totally sold short she is way more bad ass then that. I personally love when she gives hot pie a good beating with her practice sword.
1788	Tadco26	2012-04-19	I thought Yoren mouthing off to a bunch of armed guys seemed reckless to the point of suicidal stupidity when he's not at the top of holdfast walls like in the books. Also didn't think there was much point to making it all about Gendry too...I agree Yoren was suicidally brash.  I think it could have been written better just by having Yoren yell "RUN!" to the recruits, and then have his fight and death play out basicly the same way, rather than have him sort of arrogantly refuse to surrender with a group of armed men and a loaded crossbow pointed at him.  Likewise the Arya lie about Lommy being Gendry is going to require a major suspension of disbelief to get past.  Either we the viewers are supposed to believe that:1) An entire patrol of soldiers was sent out with the specific purpose of hunting Gendry, but they weren't even given the most basic physical description of what he looked like beyond the helm, and the lie fools them.... Every other other bastard had dark hair, so getting fooled by a blond kid's corpse is a major stretch.  Unfortunately this seems to be what they are going with because the alternative is:2) We find out they know Arya is lying, in which case they would likely kill Arya, torture her, or suspect her of being Gendry since she at least has dark hair.  We'll see how it plays out, but I am expecting option 1.
1789	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-19	I thought it was a good way to condense the material. Arya scenes with Yoren, when she's wiping down Needle, and the scenes outside were my favorite of the episode.Must agree with this. It's a shame they compressed Arya's journey north (they were some of my favourite chapters in Clash), but if the episode four trailer is anything to go by then we'll get a good look at how sick Gregor and his ilk are anyway.
1790	Carne	2012-04-19	Not really.  The bigger time would be in drafting more script.  Most of the added scenes would be in previously used locations/sets and assuming they do 5-10 takes of every scene to get several angles and pick the best readings, this is probably adding no more than a day or two to each location.  A better finished product is worth a day or two.As others have said: It does not take one or two days to film an episode of Game of Thrones. It takes several weeks. Even just 3-4 minute long dialogue scene can take a day to film. There's so much more than to just go "Oh, guys, we're already one location, wanna film two more episodes?"
1791	Blangadanger	2012-04-19	Personally I thought the entire episode was one of the best in the series so far. I especially liked the way they tied Yoren into Arya's story. I loved that he went down in a rage of glory. The Lannister guard who killed Lommy was great too. I understand the complaints purists have about the HBO series, but I've been loving the changes so far. I think it makes more sense to have all of the stuff that happens to Arya in Book 2 happen mainly in Harrenhal, since it gives viewers a place to identify with. It also gives Arya potentially more screen time with some important characters like Tywin, the Tickler, and Jaqen so that her internal struggles in her mind are made more explicit to viewers.
Maisie Williams has been just as tremendous this season. I'm looking forward to more of her scenes.
1792	Envie	2012-04-19	I think it makes more sense to have all of the stuff that happens to Arya in Book 2 happen mainly in Harrenhal, since it gives viewers a place to identify with. It also gives Arya potentially more screen time with some important characters like Tywin, the Tickler, and Jaqen so that her internal struggles in her mind are made more explicit to viewers.I agree with this if that's how they're deciding to edit the length of time Arya and crew spend out in the countryside. While there were great scenes (such as the villager torture / hanging scenes) in there, I think there's probably a lot of that (much as cutting down Dany's journey will require) which can be eliminated and still tell the story once she gets to Harenhal.I do wonder what happens after that though - especially when they meet Lem and the band of outlaws. But that all follows the Red Wedding so I'm wondering if that will be the season finale?
1793	Dirty Steve	2012-04-19	I don't mind them cutting out scenes of meandering but when you do a scene do it right. If they cut out pointless Loras/renly/Margery sex scenes and Melisandre banging Stannis then they would have time for the good stuff.
1794	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-20	I think you're wrong about this, and I agree that 12 episodes would have been preferable to ten, but adding two whole new episodes would take a hell of a lot longer than just a day or two. If it was just as simple as two days of extra filming, they would have added two episodes.Two whole episodes requires a lot more filming, and tons more done in post production, such as editing, adding music, etc. Would have taken additional weeks and possibly months, not just two days. And obviously, two more episodes would cost more, which may also be a reason for HBO ordering 10 rather than 12.A day or two at each location would probaly require budgeting for an extra 12-18 days, but since schedules can overlap that really isn't much time at all.  It also isn't as expensive as you are thinking, since it gives an extra day or two to spread out fixed costs like travel and scenery building.
1795	bialyorzel	2012-04-20	I don't mind them cutting out scenes of meandering but when you do a scene do it right. If they cut out pointless Loras/renly/Margery sex scenes and Melisandre banging Stannis then they would have time for the good stuff.I completely agree.  There seems to be a lot of time being wasted on unnecessary scenes with side characters/stories.  I'm sure they could pay tribute to the Loras/Renly/Margaery triangle more efficiently.  Same for Littlefinger.Also, am I the only one who was bothered by the implausability of that heroic charge by the boys after Yoren was killed?
1796	Envie	2012-04-20	1) An entire patrol of soldiers was sent out with the specific purpose of hunting Gendry, but they weren't even given the most basic physical description of what he looked like beyond the helm, and the lie fools them.... Every other other bastard had dark hair, so getting fooled by a blond kid's corpse is a major stretch.  Unfortunately this seems to be what they are going withWhile I agree with you that changing it to make the attack about Gendry wasn't really that believable in comparison to the way it played out in the book, I will argue that there's little reason for them to distinguish between a dark haired boy and a blonde one as Robert Baratheon's bastard. Remember, all three of his supposedly legitimate children are golden haired like their Mother Cersei. Under those examples, its not unreasonable to assume a bastard could be blonde as well, right? The cover up and discovery of all Baratheons being 'black of hair' is something only Ned Stark (and Jon Arryn before him) had pieced together and Ned didn't get to bring that proof to light except the letter he sent to Stannis. We book readers have a lot of behind the scenes knowledge that these on screen 'guards' would not have had.
1797	Dornish	2012-04-20	I don't mind them cutting out scenes of meandering but when you do a scene do it right. If they cut out pointless Loras/renly/Margery sex scenes and Melisandre banging Stannis then they would have time for the good stuff.Having her do the whole "I know, I don't care, strategy demands that you knock me up." was fairly easy and quick way to establish who TV Margaery is. Not my favorite scene ever, but it certainly wasn't pointless.
1798	Kasoroth	2012-04-20	While I agree with you that changing it to make the attack about Gendry wasn't really that believable in comparison to the way it played out in the book, I will argue that there's little reason for them to distinguish between a dark haired boy and a blonde one as Robert Baratheon's bastard. Remember, all three of his supposedly legitimate children are golden haired like their Mother Cersei. Under those examples, its not unreasonable to assume a bastard could be blonde as well, right? The cover up and discovery of all Baratheons being 'black of hair' is something only Ned Stark (and Jon Arryn before him) had pieced together and Ned didn't get to bring that proof to light except the letter he sent to Stannis. We book readers have a lot of behind the scenes knowledge that these on screen 'guards' would not have had.I was thinking along the same lines.  The only information we actually see the gold cloaks receive is that:1) His name is Gendry2) He's headed north on the King's Road with the Night's Watch3) He has a bull's head helmet that he made himself.This seems like sufficient information even without a physical description.Joffrey didn't know who/where all of his "father's" bastards were, and I doubt Janos Slynt did either.  Tracking them down probably would have required getting information from Varys (or possibly Littlefinger, though the scene with Barra makes this seem less likely).  The Gold Cloaks are not exactly a small, elite, trustworthy fighting force.  They're more like a bunch of hired thugs who likely talk more than they should when they're drunk.  Unless Varys was deliberately trying to make all the Gold Cloaks see the truth of the rumors that had caused Joffrey to order the slaughter in the first place, he would have probably tried to avoid bringing attention to the fact that they all had black hair.  He might have even sacrificed a few random other kids without black hair just to keep any of the gold cloaks from noticing that all their targets were dark haired.Also, it wasn't really a large patrol sent specifically to hunt Gendry, it was more like a pair of Gold Cloaks sent to find him, expecting him to be handed over by Yoren because they had a royal warrant demanding it.  When that failed, they were too far from King's Landing to go back for reinforcements, so they requested help from a military patrol that happened to be nearby.  Amory Lorch probably had better things to do than hunt down Robert's bastards, but when two Gold Cloaks with a royal warrant show up and ask for assistance, he can't exactly refuse without risking pissing off Joffrey.EDIT:  I mostly like the way the scene was handled, though I would have liked a somewhat larger fire around the wagon, and I was a bit sad that Arya never really got a chance to use Needle (except to kill the stable boy in season 1).
					
					
							Edited by Kasoroth, 20 April 2012 - 06:24 PM.
1799	zippypoodle	2012-04-20	I don't mind them cutting out scenes of meandering but when you do a scene do it right. If they cut out pointless Loras/renly/Margery sex scenes and Melisandre banging Stannis then they would have time for the good stuff.So anything added is pointless and anything left out is the good stuff? Book purists /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1800	zippypoodle	2012-04-20	Having her do the whole "I know, I don't care, strategy demands that you knock me up." was fairly easy and quick way to establish who TV Margaery is. Not my favorite scene ever, but it certainly wasn't pointless.Oh, but it wasn't in the BOOK!
1801	kungtotte	2012-04-21	In the books the only POV character in Renly's camp is Catelyn. For all you know that scene is exactly what happened in the books too.
1802	Dirty Steve	2012-04-21	Not everything added is pointless but certainly the gratuitous sex scenes are a little rediculous. For instance the littlefinger brothel creep scene. Mel bangs Stannis on table. Some things are better left for the imagination. The fire around the wagon was week. I never really thought they were even in danger. Grrm said himself that the best books/comics made into movies or shows are the ones that stay true to the actual books. I feel so far he has sold his soul to HBO. I hope it gets better soon cuz IMO its become a snooze fest.
1803	Arkash	2012-04-21	Mel bangs Stannis on table.I was so scared of that scene at first, I was thinking: "this is not Stannis, I know he slept with her, but it was much more better to leave it to imagination in the books, and it will be again gratuitous sex that will waste minutes."But in the end, it's the first really well done and interesting sex scene of the season... although the ones in Renly's camp were interesting... but Dillane and Van Houten really nailed it and made of it a great scene imo.
1804	zippypoodle	2012-04-21	Not everything added is pointless but certainly the gratuitous sex scenes are a little rediculous. For instance the littlefinger brothel creep scene. Mel bangs Stannis on table. Some things are better left for the imagination. The fire around the wagon was week. I never really thought they were even in danger. Grrm said himself that the best books/comics made into movies or shows are the ones that stay true to the actual books. I feel so far he has sold his soul to HBO. I hope it gets better soon cuz IMO its become a snooze fest.4 posts. So you hate it so much that you just had to come create a posting name on this website?There have been few changes from the novels, and even fewer of any relevance. Can you give me examples of major changes? Mel banging Stannis doesn't count because them having sex is explictly book-canon. And few of the sex scenes were totally unncessary, although I'll give you the triple peep-show in the brothel and Whores 101 in season 1.  All the others were very relevant to the characters. People have sex in real life, even fantasy characters. We get to see that part of their lives since it's a show (not real, but people have sex on reality TV shows too).
1805	Dirty Steve	2012-04-21	Major changes? How about killing off more then one person that still lives throughout. Changing Asha's name to Yara is stupid and annoying. Adding a whore named Roz and wasting time with stupid lil finger brothel scenes of him being creepy and sadistic. Bronn was never commander of the city watch. Its pure hogwash and BORING. I could go on for days. You are entitled to your opinion but so am I. Aryas scene was bootleg and cheese. She is by far the best character and the most entertaining. Looked ike they put together a cardboard tower in Pennsylvania with a bunch of larpers running around. All I wanted was Arya to be hacking away at dudes screaming WINTERFELL WINTERFELL. And IMO all the changes are major because they never happened in the book.
1806	pretzalz	2012-04-21	about the 2 extra episodes.  If you look at HBO's seasons for their 1-hour dramas over the past decade, their episode length varies from 8-13.  If it was standard HBO practice that every season was 10 episodes, then it would be silly to bitch that Game of Thrones was only 10 episodes, but it isn't.   Even within the same series, you see different season lengths.  I'm not totally convinced that GoT is more expensive than say True Blood or Boardwalk Empire both of which get 12 episode seasons so perhaps the cost question is something of a red herring.  A show like Big Love which one might expect was cheaper to produce only got 9 and 10 episodes for the last 2 seasons, and Oz had 8 episode seasons.  So I have hopes that a large driver in season length is artistic, but I am of course not privy to HBO's decision making.  One of GoT's strengths is its pacing and spreading it out endangers that.  Even if you did Arya's arc the long way, that's only an extra 5-10 minutes, not enough to justify an entire new episode on its own.  So then the question is what other scenes need to be added...  It's also worth remembering in all of this that HBO does get something out of extra episodes.  They fill up extra weeks of programming so people keep their subscriptions, they can charge more for the DVDs, and they are more likely to hit a total episode number needed for syndication.  So the extra cost isn't exactly completely non-recoupable.
As for the scene itself, I was disappointed watching it, mainly because it was one of the scenes that I remember the best so I notice the differences more.  But at the same time, I thought how it was done worked.  Let's be honest, them traipsing through the woods would have been boring television.  So the question is it worth it to have Arya and friends run away only for for Arya to mount a suicidal rescue mission when you aren't going to show the intervening bits, or is it clearer to have Arya just mount the suicidal charge when it is clear that she had the opportunity to escape.  From this perspective I like how they did it, and I don't think it had much to do with them being cheap.  I think this also necessitated the battle being in a less fortified position.  It is much harder to suggest the possibility of escape from a fortified position without actually having the escape happen.
1807	zippypoodle	2012-04-22	Major changes? How about killing off more then one person that still lives throughout. Changing Asha's name to Yara is stupid and annoying. Adding a whore named Roz and wasting time with stupid lil finger brothel scenes of him being creepy and sadistic. Bronn was never commander of the city watch. Its pure hogwash and BORING. I could go on for days. You are entitled to your opinion but so am I. Aryas scene was bootleg and cheese. She is by far the best character and the most entertaining. Looked ike they put together a cardboard tower in Pennsylvania with a bunch of larpers running around. All I wanted was Arya to be hacking away at dudes screaming WINTERFELL WINTERFELL. And IMO all the changes are major because they never happened in the book.I will address each point in turn.1. Killing off people still alive in the book. The only character of note is Rakharo, which I'm sure you know was done because the actor quit to go be in a big-budget Hollywood movie. And that fact aside, how does which bloodrider survives impact the story at all? Not in any meaningful way as I see and you've said nothing to convince me otherwise.2. Changing Asha's name. They changed it to avoid Asha/Osha confusion, and I don't see why a name matters at all since it's the same character. You are of course entitled to be as angry as you want about the name change, but I think that's a pretty silly reason to be upset. And it certainly doesn't make the show boring, which seems to be your main complaint.3. Adding a whore named Roz. I admit that Roz has been a controversial new character. I personally like the addition because the Roz scenes have added depth to other characters in my opinion. The fact that Roz cares about the murdered baby Bara and no one else seems to except Tyrion whose concern is at least partly motivated by the damaging effect the baby killings will have on the Lannister reputation among the commoners. But you still haven't given me any specific vitally important scenes that were cut to make room for Roz. And no, mere appearance in the book does not in and of itself make a scene vital.  Ned's execution? Vital. Ned having sex with Cat in Winterfell? Cut, but not vital.4. Bronn not commander of the watch. No, an ultimately irrelelvant character named Bywater was, and he gets killed by the end of Book 2. So why include him when you already have an established character in Bronn? The point of Bywater is that he removed someone loyal to Cersei (Janos Slynt) and installed someone loyal to himself (why not Bronn instead of Bywater?) What exactly did Bywater do in the book that is so damned important that it renders the entire series "hogwash" and "BORING" because it's not there?5. Entitled to opinion. Yes, yes, everyone is entitled to an opinion. But what we are not entitled to is to have our opinions go unchallenged, especially when said opinions are posted on a message board. Nor, just because an opinion exists, is that opinion entitled to respect if it has no support.6. Arya not screaming Winterfell.  She still attacked. She is older in the show than the book and smart enough not to give away who she is by bellowing Winterfell.7. All changes are major because they never happened in the book.  This is the main reason why I cannot respect your opinion.  I do of course respect your right to have your opinion and to express your opinion. But that does not mean I have to respect the opinion itself.As for the scene itself, I was disappointed watching it, mainly because it was one of the scenes that I remember the best so I notice the differences more.  But at the same time, I thought how it was done worked.  Let's be honest, them traipsing through the woods would have been boring television.  So the question is it worth it to have Arya and friends run away only for for Arya to mount a suicidal rescue mission when you aren't going to show the intervening bits, or is it clearer to have Arya just mount the suicidal charge when it is clear that she had the opportunity to escape.  From this perspective I like how they did it, and I don't think it had much to do with them being cheap.  I think this also necessitated the battle being in a less fortified position.  It is much harder to suggest the possibility of escape from a fortified position without actually having the escape happen.This is an opinion I can respect because it is backed up with reasons, goes beyond book purism, acknowledges the difference in medium between TV and novel, and recognizes that a scene can still be effective for what it is even though it may not entirely match up to his vision from the book. I disagree that the scense should be in any way disappointing, but respect the opinion because it is a well-explained and nuanced opinion.
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 22 April 2012 - 01:08 PM.
1808	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	First of all, I never said I was angry. I said the name change was annoying, and although I certainly understand why they changed the name. It is annoying because I would rather have changed Osha's name. Asha actually kicks ass and has her own POVs in the book. Although Osha is a significant secondary character, in the episodes being portrayed, Asha is an active participant in moving the  action of the plot.I know who took over the city watch. It doesn't make sense to take out characters whom the original writer GRRM had in a secondary hierarchy, and replace him (Bywater) with a character (Bronn), who was never the commander of the watch, and would have been politically unacceptable as the chief of the watch. Tyrion would never have been so politically naive as to make a sellsword the commander of the watch, at this point. He does indeed make him a Lord  later in the saga, but only when it is totally to his own advantage.[/background]As far as Rokharo, is concerned, I feel that an underlying theme of Dany's part in the plot is the small, but powerful and loyal group of followers that are the backbone of her quest for power. They could certainly have found another actor to play the part, rather than going on the cheap, and cutting off his head.You may like Roz scenes and that is fine for you, but if there is not enough time to do things correctly then why waste time with pointless T and A filler? I mean really, there is sex o plenty in the exisiting cast of characters, why waste precious time on an extraneous distraction?[/bAs for Arya being older, well of course she is a whole year older, but that doesn't mean that one of the most effective scenes in the entire saga should be bowlderized!  For goodness sake, she was  wise enough that she gave up her identity as Arya of House Stark in about 10 seconds. And although I have never been in a medieval battle, I am sure many participants would be shouting the entities they were loyal to. And do you think that WinterFell was exempt from condemning people to the Black Watch? So the idea that a person disguised as a male would draw additional attention to herself/himself  by crying out "WinterFell" in the middle of a desperate conflict seems ludicrous to me. The dramatic tension within Arya, of concealing her identity, which she had been suppressing, while all the unfair and despicable things were being done to her legacy, which results in her crying "WinterFell", this was a dramatic device which GRRM utilized extremely effectively in the original.And you know, this is typical of the kind of decisions the producers have made, that have made me a bit disappointed in the series.
					
					
							Edited by Dirty Steve, 22 April 2012 - 03:11 PM.
1809	zippypoodle	2012-04-22	OK, you're a book purist. And that's fine. I guess we simply don't have anything else to say to each other.
1810	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	Not a book purist. Just call it how I see it. Show is sub par. The End!
1811	WetHair	2012-04-22	Even though I knew that they actually couldn't do it  within the realm of the story, if I was a non-reader I would be surprised that someone didn't immediately say something along the lines of fourth guy to the right of me; the big one with the muscles.  I was quite proud that no one pointed him out.
1812	Planetary	2012-04-22	I think it was one of the smarter moves the TV writers made, since Arya's extended journey does very little to change events down the road. If they're going to condense, and they have to, this is the way to do it.
The only thing I don't understand is why HBO continues to do GoT in 10 episodes per season instead of the standard 12 they've always used for shows like True Blood, Rome, Sopranos, etc. They're already on location and filming, it wouldn't be prohibitively expensive to do an extra two shows so the series isn't so crunched. And even they're throwing $60 to $70 million into each season, that's still $10 million to $30 million less than Rome's two seasons.
1813	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	I would love 12 episodes. They did 13 for one season of the wire. And I guarantee this series makes way more money then Rome. I loved episode 4 BTW and it had plenty of changes.
1814	LordofWinter	2012-04-27	i had a problem with this as well, but i've just chalked it up to my own dumb decision to read the books before the series[HBO] was completely finished. I know that i'm going to hate a ton of things they'll (the show) do, but i can't do anything about it. as long as they keep the major plot lines going with enough of the better side stories it'll suffice. i also didn't like how they rushed the tyrion/shae/varys relationship or the fact that she's already working in the castle, but again i expected to lose alot of continuity with the books with only ten episodes. i also kind of hoped that seeing as how there is a major time gap between the series[books] finally finishing and the series[show] catching up to the books that they[HBO] would take their time and stretch out a couple of the books. but as per usual television executives have yet to learn how to read my mind.
1815	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-17	Maybe this has been discussed before, but I was wondering about this and wanted the insight of the posters to the forum.In this new GRRM interview that can be found here:http://www.westeros....RM_Interviewed/George names characters in the TV show that are different from the books: Shae (ugh), Osha (hooray), Renly (not sure the changes make any difference to me) and Petyr (slightly negative feelings).The main difference I see is that he is less subtle than in the books. To a degree I think the show does this so the viewer can understand the character and his motivations a little bit better, so there is some added dialog to help accomplish this. Some of this additional dialog is given to Varys also, but he does not seem to have changed from the book. On the other hand by the end of ADWD I understand Petyr's thoughts and motivations a lot better than Varys'. Don't you just feel that there is more for Varys still to be revealed?So back to Baylish. Here are the differences I have noticed:1) More involved in day to day running of brothels.2) Scene with Cersei about power. That kind of hurt to watch.3) Less subtle with Tyrion revealing how much he wanted Harrenhal.It makes me wonder if in the plot for the TV show there will be some changes that depend on his having less skill at the game.Thoughts?
1816	Ran	2012-04-17	Yes, I thought that was interesting. His being much more of a pimp is certainly a change. But I think GRRM's remark probably goes further, and probably has to do with the nakedness of Littlefinger's emotions at times (as desired by the writers), and the fact that he has been more readily revealed in his aims and pursuits. That's a big change for a character whose goals remain, to this day, not exactly transparent and still up for speculation.
1817	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Tyrion noticed the look on his face when he mentioned Harrenhal as well.  It was the exact same as the book IMO.  
Petyr is flamboyent in both, he's sneakier in the book to me.  He keeps a hgh profile but is still able to conduct a ton of espionage and hatch plots that no one knows about.
I agree about the brothels.  If he was supposed to be that much of a pimp, tyrion would have brought it up in his travails replacing him as the lord o coin.
1818	miguel sanchez	2012-04-17	book petyr >>>>> tv petyr
that's about all there is to say
1819	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-17	Is it me or does the actor who plays Petyr, change his accent (speech pattern) from scene to scene? Maybe its just my ears playing tricks on me.
					
					
							Edited by LorsEdrick, 17 April 2012 - 03:16 PM.
1820	Fat Mac	2012-04-17	Littlefinger is my favorite character and I will admit the differences are noticeable. However I don't really mind them. They usually use the brothel scenes to explain things (like the one where he explains his history with the Tullys)
1821	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-04-17	TV Petyr definitely spends more time in the brothels, but I think the characters are pretty similar.
1822	teemo	2012-04-17	Finally....maybe some people can finally admit now that this Littlefinger is way, way different from book LF.  I really wish I knew what GRRM thought of the "Power is Power" scene.
1823	Hyper	2012-04-17	Yes, I thought that was interesting. His being much more of a pimp is certainly a change. But I think GRRM's remark probably goes further, and probably has to do with the nakedness of Littlefinger's emotions at times (as desired by the writers), and the fact that he has been more readily revealed in his aims and pursuits. That's a big change for a character whose goals remain, to this day, not exactly transparent and still up for speculation.Perhaps, but his end goals in the show are still not revealed in the show either. It has all been added scenes to explain his motivations - but not what he plans to do. There has been no hints so far about what he plans to do with Sansa. (no more than then book, at least)I still think they are doing most of his characterization to show viewers that he is not a Lannister stooge like Pycelle. Without this many would think that he talks a good game, but secretly works for Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 17 April 2012 - 04:32 PM.
1824	Abaddon	2012-04-17	I think TV Littlefinger is a more interesting character than Book Littlefinger.   Book Littlefinger is frankly too smart, too perfect.  We see maybe one or two missteps from him and meanwhile he's the grand architect of this overarching conspiracy that extends back to before the first book.  The reveal is stunning, yes, and the story will probably suffer a bit from the early reveals, but the character?  Boring.
1825	Northern Soul	2012-04-17	Is it me or does the actor who plays Petyr, change his accent (speech pattern) from scene to scene? Maybe its just my ears playing tricks on me.Someone brought this up in another thread. I re-watched ep 3 and his accent seemed all over the place - English, Irish, even some American twang in there. Yeah, I don't know what's going on there.
1826	Bride of Winter	2012-04-17	he's definitely different, but asides from the power scene (which was wrong in so many ways), I don't mind it. I can't complain that they're humanizing him a little, and his motives are still just as foggy as they were in the books. so there's no real loss either way imo (except for the brothel scenes taking up screentime that could've been used for the Reeds, Tullys, etc.)
1827	Blutrabe	2012-04-17	Finally....maybe some people can finally admit now that this Littlefinger is way, way different from book LF.  I really wish I knew what GRRM thought of the "Power is Power" scene.Probably nothing since he didn't write it.
1828	teemo	2012-04-17	Probably nothing since he didn't write it.That doesn't really make any sense.  He can have opinions on things that he didn't write himself.
1829	Mark Antony	2012-04-17	Him meeting with Cat at Renlys camp is going to be weirddd. At least that's what i thinks gonna happen based on the previews.
1830	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-17	It does not bother me that his goals are a little more transparent to the viewers as long as it is much less so to other characters. I hope the revelations of his motivations are not expanded on for the time being. And I REALLY hope that there is not some plot point that hinges on Ros having some insight into Petyr's thinking. As if she was listening to what was said during sexposition.
My bigger worry is how they depict his self control and the guarding of his feelings. It seems to be an integral part of his character that he developed from his experiences growing up at Riverrun, which the show has already indicated through the afor mentioned sexposition. It is his self control, the guarding of his feelings and his incredible shrewedness that allow him to play the long game so well. Take one of these away, and he is not longer the really skillful player that is portrayed in the book. Maybe they plan to have him make a mistake which will explain some change to the plot that theyare going to make.
1831	Davos55	2012-04-17	I believe this post will be even more prevalent after this week's episode. Petyr being sent to Renly's camp will be very interesting indeed, and his potential meeting up with Cat (and her pulling the dagger on him like in some early previews for the season) should be a very telling moment. I have my own thoughts to how book Petyr would act if he was in that situation, and on Sunday I may find out what show Petyr does.
I am definitely looking forward to it, though I am nervous about it too. LF is definitely one of the most interesting characters in the series in my opinion, and I like to see his character expanded upon.
Also, I wonder if there will be a scene with him talking to Margaery one on one, that would be interesting too, especially considering the events in ASOS.
1832	Hyper	2012-04-17	Also, I wonder if there will be a scene with him talking to Margaery one on one, that would be interesting too, especially considering the events in ASOS.Yes, we saw a glimpse of a LF/Margery one on one scene in one of the S2 previews.
1833	congokong	2012-04-17	This season is where Petyr has changed most. No like.
They're also giving him stupid plots. He's going to try to convince Catelyn to give up Jaime? I recall in the books he said something like "If you want to convince Catelyn to give up the kingslayer, waste someone else's time." But the show writers took the reversal and used a scheme Petyr mocked and assigned it to him. Ugh.
1834	Lord Varys	2012-04-17	Using additional Petyr scenes to give us some information about his motivations would have been interesting. Why could he and Ros not have talked about Renly and the setting sun of House Lannister? Considering the fact that TV Littlefinger is going to talk to Cat in Renly's camp this would have been much more interesting if Petyr had openly pondered to betray the Lannisters and deliver KL to Renly as soon as his host stood before the city gates.
Littlefinger knew Renly quite well, and suggested to Ned to make Renly king if Joffrey should misbehave.
1835	Ran	2012-04-18	Keep watching.
1836	Blutrabe	2012-04-18	That doesn't really make any sense.  He can have opinions on things that he didn't write himself.Of course, sorry. I misunderstood that sentence.
1837	Hamilton	2012-04-18	People didn't like the 'power is power' scene.  I at first didn't because it showed LF slipping up, yet thinking further it works.  LF is perhaps the most arrogant egomaniacal character in the whole series.  Plus add the fact that he's certainly delusional.  This would cause him to slip up.  LF is only human.
1838	packersfan	2012-04-18	Why are tv writers such idiots?  Why do they need to spoon feed and reverse characters, etc?
Anyways, the actor playing Petyr is really struggling this season.  His accent was so messed up this past episode.  He was brilliant for the most part in season 1...minus the oppressive brothel scenes.  I feel like these writers are just dirty old perverts obsessed with sex that they need to create irrelevant scenes just to have sex and semen on the screen.  STOP wasting our time and Petyr's!
1839	Mulled Wino	2012-04-18	Why are tv writers such idiots?  Why do they need to spoon feed and reverse characters, etc?Anyways, the actor playing Petyr is really struggling this season.  His accent was so messed up this past episode.  He was brilliant for the most part in season 1...minus the oppressive brothel scenes.  I feel like these writers are just dirty old perverts obsessed with sex that they need to create irrelevant scenes just to have sex and semen on the screen.  STOP wasting our time and Petyr's!Last episode, my wife's like- "Oh, he must be Irish"...next scene, "Wait, it he American?  His accents are HORRIBLE"
1840	starki	2012-04-18	Finally with the last episode, more scheming and less Lord of Brothels...
1841	Hyper	2012-04-18	Bryan Cogman talks about "book LV" vs. "show LF" in this video interview: http://www.youtube.c...s8_cHw#t=58m47s (should be forwarded to 58:47)
1842	Im no Ser	2012-04-18	I've come to just accept that TV Petyr is a significantly different guy than Book Peytr.
TV Petyr is:
a) less intelligent:  the "knowledge is power" scene would have been ludicrous for Book Petyr.  To the extent that knowledge is power, Petyr should have *known* that Cersei had armed men with her who would obey her orders without question.  For Book Petyr the rumor of Cersei's incest provided him with an opportunity to make himself even more valuable with the Queen; by coming up with the "Shireen is Patchface's bastard" rumor he actually walks out of that scenario with his status with Cersei enhanced.  For TV Petyr the same circumstance is an opportunity to bait the Queen, with no discernable upside, which is shortly followed by grovelling.
/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> less gifted as a financier and businessman:  Based on Tyrion's observations of the Kingdom's finances when he takes over as Master of Coin, Book Petyr seems to have invented leveraged investing.  He had financial interests in scores of businesses, as well as a patronage system in place for KL positions. TV Petyr is a pimp.
c) less disciplined:  In addition to the "knowledge is power" reference above, TV Petyr also can't resist breaking into monologues about how he secretly resents everyone higher born than he is.  Book Petyr insists on maintaining his cover with Sansa when they're alone, because slipping out of character is a bad habit to get into.
TV Petyr is a bright man who isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.  He's less able to control his emotions, and is more easily baited by references to his low birth and perceived humiliation at the hands of the Tullys.  Those choices were made intentionally; I suppose the thinking was the series can't be quite as subtle with Petyr at the top because it will make his later machinations seem like they are coming from nowhere.
					
					
							Edited by I'm no Ser, 18 April 2012 - 01:24 PM.
1843	Seed	2012-04-18	Is it me or does the actor who plays Petyr, change his accent (speech pattern) from scene to scene? Maybe its just my ears playing tricks on me.I've thought that as well.
1844	Tadco26	2012-04-18	I've come to just accept that TV Petyr is a significantly different guy than Book Peytr.TV Petyr is:a) less intelligent:  the "knowledge is power" scene would have been ludicrous for Book Petyr.  To the extent that knowledge is power, Petyr should have *known* that Cersei had armed men with her who would obey her orders without question.  For Book Petyr the rumor of Cersei's incest provided him with an opportunity to make himself even more valuable with the Queen; by coming up with the "Shireen is Patchface's bastard" rumor he actually walks out of that scenario with his status with Cersei enhanced.  For TV Petyr the same circumstance is an opportunity to bait the Queen, with no discernable upside, which is shortly followed by grovelling. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> less gifted as a financier and businessman:  Based on Tyrion's observations of the Kingdom's finances when he takes over as Master of Coin, Book Petyr seems to have invented leveraged investing.  He had financial interests in scores of businesses, as well as a patronage system in place for KL positions. TV Petyr is a pimp.c) less disciplined:  In addition to the "knowledge is power" reference above, TV Petyr also can't resist breaking into monologues about how he secretly resents everyone higher born than he is.  Book Petyr insists on maintaining his cover with Sansa when they're alone, because slipping out of character is a bad habit to get into.TV Petyr is a bright man who isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.  He's less able to control his emotions, and is more easily baited by references to his low birth and perceived humiliation at the hands of the Tullys.  Those choices were made intentionally; I suppose the thinking was the series can't be quite as subtle with Petyr at the top because it will make his later machinations seem like they are coming from nowhere.I agree with all of what you said except for the idea that they NEED to be less subtle with Littlefinger.  He isn't a PoV character so there aren't any internal thoughts we are missing that need to be filled in like is the case for so many other characters.  I think Littlefinger is very much on par with Varys in what the audience needs to know at this point, yet the writing for Varys has been much more true to the books.  Littlefinger has always come across as like Verbal Kint in The Usual Suspects, or Ben Linus in LOST to me.  Characters who appear to be pawns or minor players early on, but only much later do you realize what they really are.  I think they are on their way to ruining any chance of that if they continue to write Littlefinger the way they have so far, and it is a shame.  If they want to make it more obvious what Littlefinger is up to they should add scenes where he is selling positions in the government, taking money from taxes and reinvesting it.  Things that the book version of Littlefinger actually did.  What I take exception to is that they are adding these TV "insights" that actually paint a contradicting view of his character, rather than help us understand the book character better.
1845	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Keep watching.This makes me nervous and worried. I can only HOPE that they finish setting him up, and that in context to what is revealed he becomes much more subtle in the future.
1846	Frank the bunny	2012-04-18	Who else was saddend back in season 1 with the lack of his epic pointed chin beard?
1847	hesitantreader	2012-04-18	I am sorry but you guys in love with Book LF need to go reread GoT.  Seriously guys this is the same person who told the fib to Ned Stark about the origin of the knife that was used on Bran.  In doing so he shows that he can make reckless mistakes, as the consequences would have been fatal if Ned had lived longer.   He is not a perfect player of the game.
I think people like to put him on a pedestal because his lack of PoV chapters make him more mysterious, but in doing so they overlook the obvious.
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 18 April 2012 - 04:56 PM.
1848	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-18	Glad I'm not the only one troubled with Gillen as LF. Gillen was pretty great in The Wire but his accent does seem to be all over the place. That last episode, he sounded like Sean Connery.Doesn't help that the writers are trying to make him into some supervillain (that "crying Ros" scene stands out).
1849	Ran	2012-04-18	That was a calculated risk, knowing that Tyrion was out of everyone's reach at the time. How was he to know that Tyrion would just happen to stop at the very same inn within half an hour of Catelyn? And in the end, it only served to hasten the very thing he wanted, and he got out of it scott free.
His needling Cersei was just stupidity. He has to work with her, he knows her temper, he knows how dangerous she can be, and yet he throws in her face her big, deadly secret for which Hands have died. 
Silly stuff. Mistakes are one thing, but that was the act of a n00b, so to speak. A veteran of the intrigues of the court just wouldn't put his foot in it so transparently.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 18 April 2012 - 05:08 PM.
1850	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	It's not just liking LF's character. What if they had made Varys that much more transparent, or not as smart? How about Tyrion not being so very clever? Make Cersei smarter? It would rub us the wrong way. The intrigue is one of the more intriguing aspects of the story.
1851	hesitantreader	2012-04-18	That was a calculated risk, knowing that Tyrion was out of everyone's reach at the time. How was he to know that Tyrion would just happen to stop at the very same inn within half an hour of Catelyn? And in the end, it only served to hasten the very thing he wanted, and he got out of it scott free.His needling Cersei was just stupidity. He has to work with her, he knows her temper, he knows how dangerous she can be, and yet he throws in her face her big, deadly secret for which Hands have died.Silly stuff. Mistakes are one thing, but that was the act that a n00b.I just don't see it that way.  In the TV show he is just repeating what has widely been distributed by Stannis and as you said he knows Cersei.  I don't see this as rising to the same level of danger as hoping that Tyrion is somehow just not found and questioned by someone with the power of the Hand.  In fact LF/Cersei is pretty close to the verbal jousting between LF and Varys in the first season, mostly harmless, and seems to be in character.
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 18 April 2012 - 05:09 PM.
1852	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Rewatched last night. The accent was even worse the 2nd time. Really odd that that would begin happening at this point in the show.
1853	Ser Plissken	2012-04-18	His accent's been all over the place ever since episode 1 of last season.  During that dreadful Finger Her Arse scene, it changes about four times during his monologue.I've loved him in everything I've seen him in, especially The Wire, but overall, his performance in Game of Thrones has been somewhat below par.  His is probably the second most wooden performance, only beaten by the guy who played Pyp last season.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Plissken, 18 April 2012 - 07:03 PM.
1854	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Huh? It was like having a private visit with a pissed off mob boss and telling him how much you've enjoyed screwing his mother. He might be even more likely to kill you if he knows it's true.
1855	Ran	2012-04-18	In the TV show he is just repeating what has widely been distributed by Stannis and as you said he knows Cersei.He's not "just" repeating. He's telling her that he knows it's true... and isn't afraid of holding that over her if she thinks she can mess with him. Because, oooh, "knowledge is power".If that conversation had been written by GRRM? Littlefinger's throat would have been opened by those guards. But of course, GRRM would never have written that conversation.We do see Littlefinger and Cersei discuss that little story in the books, BTW, in a more appropriate context: when at the small council Littlefinger blithely agrees that of course it's all a lie and offers strategies for undermining Stannis by coming up with their own lies about him (like Shireen actually being Patchface's daughter). He doesn't go and slap Cersei in the face with knowledge he holds over her, he play the part of the useful toady who's all help and smiles and coin when you need it.And strangely, as others have noted, in the first season he actually explicitly says that's how he does thing: he hoodwinks those in power, because anything else is playing their game, and he can't win their game on those terms. That scene in the second season was uncharacteristic both for the character in the novel and, apparently, the character in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 18 April 2012 - 06:00 PM.
1856	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Ran,
Please tell me that there is not an equally uncharacteristic scene in episode 4.
1857	Ran	2012-04-18	It's a mixed bag, as far as Littlefinger goes.
1858	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Thanks Ran. Well I guess a mixed bag is better than a noob move. Maybe the beginning of an upward trend?
1859	teemo	2012-04-18	Ran, I think you know how I feel about this, lol.  I'm scared.
ETA:  Ran, what did you think of the LF/Ros scene?
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 18 April 2012 - 08:15 PM.
1860	Ran	2012-04-19	I liked that scene, personally, but obviously it's the sort of thing we'd never really see in the books. But I could imagine that Littlefinger in the novels is capable of such sentiments.
1861	Turin Stark	2012-04-19	IMHO the main reason is that they simply don't have enough screen time to portray Petyr as they do in the books.
It'd be harder for those who only see the show to understand the true depth of his actions, character
Therefore they had to make him act in a way, that probably most of us as readers of the books, don't agree much with.
1862	Strider	2012-04-19	I've been going back and forth in my mind about LF.  As already noted, LF's character has been changed in a couple of ways.  The question is, why?  A few tentative thoughts:
1)  Backstory:  we know that LF comes from somewhat humble beginnings, so how the heck did he rise to the position, power, and wealth that he now enjoys?  HBO's answer:  pimping.  And this is why he is and will always be an outsider.  He may well be successful in many other financial enterprises; he may well be so much more than a proprietor of brothels; but it's the brothels that in a sense define him.   And so we need to see what kind of brothel owner he really is--cruel, ruthless, mercliess. 
2)  Credible motivation:  one of the weakness of Book-LF is motivation.   Why does he put all at risk?  Why does he attempt such an incredibly elaborate, dangerous scheme?  Is he trying to take over the world, or is he trying to destroy the world?  Does he seek power or chaos?  I don't think we know, and it doesn't really matter, as we are all enthralled with this evil genius who would be comfortable in a James Bond novel.  Who cares what motivates Blofeld.  Who cares what motivates Professor Moriarty.  Evil geniuses like this are larger-than-life.  But the HBO writers evidently decided that if they were going to make their LF both interesting and credible, they needed to make a bit more human--less the criminal mastermind who never blunders and whose motivations are irrelevant. 
3)  Interest:  How interesting was LF really in the first two books?  Those of us who have read all the books marvel at the man's genius and audacity, as revealed after he abducts Sansa and murders Lysa much as we admire a Professor Moriarty; but Moriarty is only interesting to those who know him to be a criminal mastermind.  To the rest of the world he's just a university math teacher, hardly worthy of notice.  The HBO writers thus faced the problem:  how do we make LF interesting during the first two seasons for viewers who have never read the books?  And so they decided to reveal his unsavory side early on and to make him vulnerable (his confrontation with Cercei).  In other words, they added drama and depth to his character.  The cost is that he is no longer Moriarty.   He's no longer larger-than-life.  
Any of this make sense?
1863	Tadco26	2012-04-19	I've been going back and forth in my mind about LF.  As already noted, LF's character has been changed in a couple of ways.  The question is, why?  A few tentative thoughts:1)  Backstory:  we know that LF comes from somewhat humble beginnings, so how the heck did he rise to the position, power, and wealth that he now enjoys?  HBO's answer:  pimping.  And this is why he is and will always be an outsider.  He may well be successful in many other financial enterprises; he may well be so much more than a proprietor of brothels; but it's the brothels that in a sense define him.   And so we need to see what kind of brothel owner he really is--cruel, ruthless, mercliess.But why do we need to see this more so than the book reader?  He actually didn't rise to his current level of power thru pimping in the books, he rose in great part because of Lysa Arryn, which we find out at the end of Storm of Swords.  She convinced Jon Arryn to promote him up thru the court to his eventual title of Master of Coin, and he had the ability to make the best of those promotions.2)  Credible motivation:  one of the weakness of Book-LF is motivation.   Why does he put all at risk?  Why does he attempt such an incredibly elaborate, dangerous scheme?  Is he trying to take over the world, or is he trying to destroy the world?  Does he seek power or chaos?  I don't think we know, and it doesn't really matter, as we are all enthralled with this evil genius who would be comfortable in a James Bond novel.  Who cares what motivates Blofeld.  Who cares what motivates Professor Moriarty.  Evil geniuses like this are larger-than-life.  But the HBO writers evidently decided that if they were going to make their LF both interesting and credible, they needed to make a bit more human--less the criminal mastermind who never blunders and whose motivations are irrelevant.I don't think Littlefinger is motivationless in the books.  He is motivated by his lack of noble birth which made him an unsuitable match for Cat, and that motivation has inspired him to gain the title of nobility and to stick it to the nobles that looked down on him.  He may have even deeper motivations and no one knows what his end game strategy is yet, but personally I think that is part of what makes him interesting.  Besides the person who needs everything spelled out for him isn't likely to spend alot of time wondering what Moriarty or Blofeld's motivations are in the first place, and the person who thinks about such things is more likely to appreciate the subtlety and mystery of wondering.3)  Interest:  How interesting was LF really in the first two books?  Those of us who have read all the books marvel at the man's genius and audacity, as revealed after he abducts Sansa and murders Lysa much as we admire a Professor Moriarty; but Moriarty is only interesting to those who know him to be a criminal mastermind.  To the rest of the world he's just a university math teacher, hardly worthy of notice.  The HBO writers thus faced the problem:  how do we make LF interesting during the first two seasons for viewers who have never read the books?  And so they decided to reveal his unsavory side early on and to make him vulnerable (his confrontation with Cercei).  In other words, they added drama and depth to his character.  The cost is that he is no longer Moriarty.   He's no longer larger-than-life.This may be how the TV writers view it, but I strongly disagree.  How interesting was Benjamen Linus when we first met him in LOST?  How interesting was Verbal Kint in The Usual Suspects?  Part of the payoff is the characters starting off as less interesting, or threatening, and becoming much more than they originally appeared.  But the TV changes don't add drama or character to Littlefinger in my eyes.  They telegraph his villainy and make one question how someone could be so dumb as to provoke Cersei for no gain in public and, yet have the forsight and patience to execute the plans that are revealed in books 3 and 4.Now I think they do have to add some scenes of some sort to keep the actor happy so he has something to do in the early seasons.  But the writing for those scenes could be more true to the book's character, much like Varys who is similar in the level he is playing the game and what we do or do not know about him at this point.  Honestly from season 1 I think they really missed an opportunity when they cut Loras's plee to hunt the Mountain instead of Beric Dondarrion.  The follow up to that scene was Littlefinger and Sansa running into each other and Sansa complaining to Septa Mordaine about how Ned should have sent Ser Loras because heroes kill monsters.  Littlefinger responds "Well, those are not the reasons I'd have given..  "Life is not a song, sweetling.  You may learn that one day to your sorrow".  Which is a shame because I really believe that is the core theme of Sansa's story line so far, and is a line that Littlefinger references again in Storm of Swords to her.
1864	CacauCinnamon	2012-04-19	(longtime lurker, recently posting)
I have a strange, silly hope that the power scene was planned by Petyr to give Cersei a false sense of power and control.... Still, there's 99,9% of chance I am wrong.
I like the book Petyr better. I don't have the feeling he's too perfect or anything... after all, some of his actions are def made under the influence of his feelings over Cat. My problem with TV Petyr is that I think he's too... I don't know, stereotypical villain, you know? :/ Stereotypical might not be the word I'm looking for, but I don't know... I just think the book Petyr is more subtle... you know he is really evil and cruel, but I don't think it is as clear to the other characters.
I'm not sure I'm choosing my words wisely, but anyway...that's how I feel.
P.S I did not notice the change of accent! Might be 'cause my country speaks another language...I'll try to watch the episode again to check that out!
					
					
							Edited by CacauCinnamon, 19 April 2012 - 09:20 AM.
1865	starki	2012-04-19	I am sorry but you guys in love with Book LF need to go reread GoT.  Seriously guys this is the same person who told the fib to Ned Stark about the origin of the knife that was used on Bran.  In doing so he shows that he can make reckless mistakes, as the consequences would have been fatal if Ned had lived longer.   He is not a perfect player of the game.I think people like to put him on a pedestal because his lack of PoV chapters make him more mysterious, but in doing so they overlook the obvious.Since Ned wasn't about to make any damage - going to the Wall or dying were the two options - that was safe.He is a great player, and barring some awful mistakes he has in the past outplayed both Varys and Tyrion in it (I presume it is general consensus these three are the best players of the game of thrones?). One of them (keep in mind book 5 isn't translated over here yet) at the end of AFFC is on the run, including from his own family. One of them has dissappeared for reasons unknown (it's not as if Jamie is about to reveal to anyone he let Tyrion go, and sink Varys along with himself), and one of them is safely away, blameless, and with the heir to Winterfell, no less. And lest it be forgotten this is the man that orchestrated not only Hand Arryn's death, but also helped to orchestrate the capture of Hand Stark.
					
					
							Edited by starki, 19 April 2012 - 01:07 PM.
1866	Nakraal	2012-04-19	With the exception of the Varys-LF-alone in room-playing with words scenes, Littlefinger never pass the lineand getsrecless with no lord in 1st season. There are only 2 such moments for him
1. When in the Hand's Tourney he pins Renly on the ground after losing the bet of Loras-Mountain duel. His impliacation was almost as direct as it was against Cercei in s2e1 and with much much more people listening to them.
2. When he lures Eddard to his brothel Lannister trap.
To me, the Cercei thingy was too much for a solid char like him to do. The most reasonable outcome of the scene would be
Cercei: Lord Baelish I need you to pull some strings and find me that little beast Arya
LF: Of course your Grace, rest assured what can be done will be done.
1867	hesitantreader	2012-04-19	Since Ned wasn't about to make any damage - going to the Wall or dying were the two options - that was safe.He is a great player, and barring some awful mistakes he has in the past outplayed both Varys and Tyrion in it (I presume it is general consensus these three are the best players of the game of thrones?). One of them (keep in mind book 5 isn't translated over here yet) at the end of AFFC is on the run, including from his own family. One of them has dissappeared for reasons unknown (it's not as if Jamie is about to reveal to anyone he let Tyrion go, and sink Varys along with himself), and one of them is safely away, blameless, and with the heir to Winterfell, no less. And lest it be forgotten this is the man that orchestrated not only Hand Arryn's death, but also helped to orchestrate the capture of Hand Stark.Ned's fate was not known at the time that LF "identifies" the knife.  LF's motives for this bit of deception will never be known because he did not have a PoV, but from an outside perspective he is rolling the dice that the Lions and Wolves will fight each other and no one will ever ask why... it is definitely one of the stupidest moves (from the game of thrones perspective) that anyone in the series has made up to the start of TWoW.LF survives to be in a powerful position at the end of AFFC because he gets lucky with this mistake.
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 19 April 2012 - 04:49 PM.
1868	Davos55	2012-04-19	Ned's fate was not known at the time that LF "identifies" the knife.  LF's motives for this bit of deception will never be known because he did not have a PoV, but from an outside perspective he is rolling the dice that the Lions and Wolves will fight each other and no one will ever ask why... it is definitely one of the stupidest moves (from the game of thrones perspective) that anyone in the series has made up to the start of TWoW.LF survives to be in a powerful position at the end of AFFC because he gets lucky with this mistake.LF identifies the dagger falsely on purpose to Cat, which leads to her capturing Tyrion under the assumption that it was his knife. Though I am sure LF did not plan her capturing him at the inn, he did want to add to the animosity between the Lannisters and the Starks, but luckily for him, it turned out even better with Tyrion being captured. This was the catalyst of the war, and it wouldn't have happened if he didn't tell Cat that Tyrion won the knife.  It was a planned move the whole time to start the chaos that he thrives in. His "fib" was actually planned pretty well.Though I don't really know what you are talking about in regards to Ned and this iie. The story with the knife was more important for Cat's story in GOT. Plus, Ned couldn't prove his lie was false anyways, so LF was never really at risk.That is how I gathered that part in the books. Plus, in the novels, Joffrey apparently just found that knife and armed the assassin with it. LF never really knew this himself I don't believe.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 19 April 2012 - 05:29 PM.
1869	starki	2012-04-20	Yes, let's not forget that he framed another great player, Tyrion, twice. First the knife, and later, murder of Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by starki, 20 April 2012 - 01:16 PM.
1870	Davos55	2012-04-20	Yes, let's not forget that he framed another great player, Tyrion, twice. First the knife, and later, murder of Joffrey.I am hoping in the books those two get together again, now that would be interesting!
1871	hesitantreader	2012-04-20	Yes, let's not forget that he framed another great player, Tyrion, twice. First the knife, and later, murder of Joffrey.Framed is when you plant evidence, all LF did was tell a story and hope no one ever asks a follow up question.It could easily have gone something like this:Ned - Hey Tyrion did you give your knife to an assassin so he could use it to try and kill my kid?Tyrion - I am not that stupid... why would I give my knife to an assassin, even if I wanted to kill your kid, don't assassins have their own knives?Ned - Good point.. hmmm perhaps the two of us should go talk to LF.LF - Gurgle gurgle gurgle (as Ned shoves a blade through his throat or Tyrion has him killed off for causing trouble)Ok so I am no GRRM, but you get the idea...
1872	hesitantreader	2012-04-20	Plus, in the novels, Joffrey apparently just found that knife and armed the assassin with it. LF never really knew this himself I don't believe.Exactly which makes his behavior even more reckless.  He seems to know nothing about the knife but still takes a shot in the dark with it.
1873	Davos55	2012-04-20	Framed is when you plant evidence, all LF did was tell a story and hope no one ever asks a follow up question.It could easily have gone something like this:Ned - Hey Tyrion did you give your knife to an assassin so he could use it to try and kill my kid?Tyrion - I am not that stupid... why would I give my knife to an assassin, even if I wanted to kill your kid, don't assassins have their own knives?Ned - Good point.. hmmm perhaps the two of us should go talk to LF.LF - Gurgle gurgle gurgle (as Ned shoves a blade through his throat or Tyrion has him killed off for causing trouble)Ok so I am no GRRM, but you get the idea...If Tyrion did come back to King's landing, LF would know about it and talk to Ned before he arrived. LF keeps very good track of Ned in KL, I really don't think he would have just let Tyrion waltz in and tell Ned it wasn't his knife, leading to a confrontation and his death.And framing someone doesn't necessarily mean you plant physical evidence, it can also mean building up a false idea, leading someone to a false conclusion that is very believable.LF knew how the Starks and especially Cat felt about the Lannisters, he knew she came a long way to try to prove her point about the Lannister's planned murder of Bran, so LF just helped bring her to to the conclusion she already had in her mind. He was smart in using Tyrion in the plan, because he has the least political power, and Tyrion would have a lot more trouble getting to LF than Jaime or Cersei. He wanted to bring about more hate between the families, and Tyrion was the best choice to help him accomplish that.Plus, he knew Cat would trust him because he was a childhood friend, and by association, Ned would trust him as well, which he admits he did.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 20 April 2012 - 04:59 PM.
1874	teemo	2012-04-21	I have a strange, silly hope that the power scene was planned by Petyr to give Cersei a false sense of power and control.... Still, there's 99,9% of chance I am wrong.I have that tiny little silly hope as well.  Oh, well.  Hopefully they can redeem him somehow.
1875	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-21	I think he was great last season but his character weakened a bit this season. The scene with Tyrion didn't bother me but I didn't like the scene with Cersei everybody is up in arms over. The scene with Jaime and Robb's wolf actually annoyed me more.
1876	_Oberyn_	2012-04-21	The scene with Jaime and Robb's wolf actually annoyed me more.How come?
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 21 April 2012 - 11:57 AM.
1877	LordMarani	2012-04-21	My theory for the Cersei-LF scene and the changes to LF is that they want to show the adaptive side of LF more than his scheming side.
The show already has three cunning characters in Kings Landing with Tyrion, Cersei and Varys, so they probably want to establish LF as an adaptive, improvising character that doesn't necessary follow an agenda, but "rides on chaos", as he describes himself in the books, just to gain as much power as he can.
The scene with Cersei was to show that LF underestimated her after he dealt with Ned, and now quickly reacts to "mitigate his losses". I don't really know what he will be doing at Renlys camp, they probably want to add some scenes of him with Catelyn to show his love for her, so non-readers quickly grasp his affection for a certain other character, and his involvement with events in SoS will probably be explained as his version of paying his debts to Cersei.
I'm not quite happy with this change, as book-LF would never openly confront Cersei, but with Cersei not as crazy as in the books, they probalby didn't want to establish him as the "puppet master" he is over her, to give her character some more room to grow in the show.
1878	RoamingRonin	2012-04-22	Petyr has to be more obvious on the show because there won't be lots of time to spend on developing his one character. The writers need to establish now that Petyr has high ambitions because it will come out of nowhere if, 2-3 years from now, Petyr is suddenly revealed as the mastermind behind the war.
1879	BurnedCrow	2012-04-24	It is a convenient speeding up of events that sent TV Petyr out to the Renly camp now. Now once shadow Stannis does its work, Petyr can be there to immediately try to strike an alliance with House Tyrell.  But for whom? and will Catelyn know about this, when she heads back to Riverrun?
1880	Davos55	2012-04-16	I am curious about who it was that killed Lommy in the show last night. In the book, Lommy is killed by Raff the Sweetling with a spear to to the throat, and Raff never takes Needle, Polliver does. I am not sure if on the show it was Polliver who killed Lommy, or if it was Raff?
I am going to guess it was Polliver on the show who killed Lommy, but this makes me wonder if they are going to still have Raff in the show. I hope they do because he is still alive in the series, and I liked his return appearance in the Jamie Chapters of AFFC.
What do you guys think?
					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 19 April 2012 - 09:08 PM.
							
								MOD Edit: Thread title included book spoiler
1881	NW Deserter	2012-04-18	Well they didn't name any of them apart from Lorch, so it's tough to say. I thought it was the same guy who said he was Ser Amory but I could be wrong.
1882	Seed	2012-04-18	I wanna say it was Ser Amory
1883	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-04-18	I am pretty sure Ser Armory Lorch was the elderly knight on horseback who finished Yoren, Roman style.
1884	Mulled Wino	2012-04-18	i think people decided it was Polliver, pooosibly Raff.
It's defnitely not Lorch.
1885	Ruka	2012-04-18	Did not take him for Lorch, I think Lorch had a beard and was definatly wearing the Lanister split face helm, Lommy's killer was unidetified man 004 so could be either Polliver or Raff.
1886	Spidey	2012-04-18	I guess they're merging Polliver, Raff and the Tickler into one character.
Lorch was the big guy on horseback. He introduced himself.
					
					
							Edited by Spidey, 18 April 2012 - 10:38 AM.
1887	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-18	It was Polliver. I believe this has already been addressed in a prior thread.
The Tickler will be a separate character (presumably introduced next week) but it appears they've axed Raff.
1888	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-18	I started a thread on basically this very topic, and it was pretty much concluded that it was Polliver.
And a Andy Kellegher is listed in the cast as Polliver on imdb.
1889	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-18	When Arya said you already killed Gendry she was talking about Lommy right? But Lommy has blonde hair and (I assume) not blue eyes. He looks like a Lannister, lol. Not like a bastard of Robert Baratheron
1890	Envie	2012-04-18	When Arya said you already killed Gendry she was talking about Lommy right? But Lommy has blonde hair and (I assume) not blue eyes. He looks like a Lannister, lol. Not like a bastard of Robert BaratheronI thought about that detail as well - would they actually fall for the lie? I'm guessing most people haven't put two and two together that all of Robert's bastards had the same dark hair he did and since Cersei's three are golden haird (but not really Baratheons) maybe it would seem normal to the bounty hunting crew searching for Gendry that he was also blonde. As for who stabbed Lommy, I'm confused as well since they're apparently dropping or combining Polliver and Raff. I don't see how they can leave out the Tickler unless they're just going to skip that whole part of Arya's story entirely. I know they go to Harenhal, I saw it in a video clip, so I don't know how Jaqen's story with Arya will play out, or the later scenes with the Hound.
1891	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-18	The Tickler will probably be introduced in a future episode. He is cast after all.
1892	Howdyphillip	2012-04-18	Don't get me wrong here, I am not trying to ride the purist train here and shout about how the TV show is not following the books, but when this season is finished, the thing I think I will have missed seeing the most is where Lommy continuously tries to yield, and the other kids get mad at him.
1893	Nebmai	2012-04-18	If the Tickler was cast this season, then they are probably just gonna merge Polliver / Raff so we can focus our viewer hate all ze better.
1894	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-18	Don't get me wrong here, I am not trying to ride the purist train here and shout about how the TV show is not following the books, but when this season is finished, the thing I think I will have missed seeing the most is where Lommy continuously tries to yield, and the other kids get mad at him.he said lets yield in that scene where Gendry was like "Cuz I sold armor..."But yea it's not the same..."And what if wolves come?""Yield" suggested Arya" LOL
1895	Davos55	2012-04-19	Yes, the Tickler is cast, and will probably show up next week.
I know now that it is Polliver who killed Lommy on the show, I am just kind of disappointed that Raff the Sweetling didn't do it. I know it sounds Purist or whatever, but I love the full list that Arya in her prayer in the books. Also, Raff is still alive, and could come into play in some way in the last few books, who knows! I know most won't care about this detail, but I just like being nitpicky about Arya's story, which is one of my favorites in the novels!
Though maybe Raff will still show up and I will eat my words /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1896	Knez Snow	2012-04-19	It was Tickler. He is cast, and Amory Lorch never dismounted his horse. Amory Lorch introduced himself.
1897	Tadco26	2012-04-19	When Arya said you already killed Gendry she was talking about Lommy right? But Lommy has blonde hair and (I assume) not blue eyes. He looks like a Lannister, lol. Not like a bastard of Robert BaratheronThis was a big problem I had with the lie too.  We don't know if they fell for it or not yet, but just in the context of the TV show it seems rather unlikely that they would bother sending an entire patrol of Lannister troops out searching for Gendry by name and not even get the basic description of what he looked like, especially considering the Gold Cloaks found and killed all the other dark haired bastards.  Are we really supposed to believe that they sent that many men out to find Gendry and had enough knowledge to know he was with the group of Nights Watch recruits and had a bull helm, but no one bothered to give even the most basic of physical descriptions, in particular the very trait of dark hair that made Ned and Jon Arryn realize that Joffrey was not Robert's son?
1898	Tadco26	2012-04-19	It was Tickler. He is cast, and Amory Lorch never dismounted his horse. Amory Lorch introduced himself.According to this photo it was Polliver:  http://www.westeros....ery/Entry/3616/
1899	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-19	This was a big problem I had with the lie too.  We don't know if they fell for it or not yet, but just in the context of the TV show it seems rather unlikely that they would bother sending an entire patrol of Lannister troops out searching for Gendry by name and not even get the basic description of what he looked like, especially considering the Gold Cloaks found and killed all the other dark haired bastards.  Are we really supposed to believe that they sent that many men out to find Gendry and had enough knowledge to know he was with the group of Nights Watch recruits and had a bull helm, but no one bothered to give even the most basic of physical descriptions, in particular the very trait of dark hair that made Ned and Jon Arryn realize that Joffrey was not Robert's son?Right! And you know what else, why would Gendry give Lommy the helm, or let even let it out of his sights.Ned Stark- "Who was your mom"Gendry- "The helm is not for sale"He loved that helm and wouldn't let Lommy have it as they try to escape and have a battle
1900	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-19	Clegane and his men were not there, just Lannister guards
1901	Auska	2012-04-19	Dunno who it was, but I have to say it was pretty brutal. I felt it in my throat /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
1902	Independent George	2012-04-19	Reading the books, I didn't feel much about Lommy's death; he was a minor character whose only purpose was to die brutally at the hands of the Lannisters.
Watching it on screen, I just can't let go of how young he is. While I know he's a child when I read it, actually seeing a little boy get stabbed through the throat is something else entirely.
1903	Davos55	2012-04-19	I think next episode they will find out very quickly that Lommy wasn't Gendry, judging by the preview. It looks like there will be some torture scenes, probably at the hands of The Tickler.
Also, the return of Gregor Clegane most likely! I hope the new actor does him justice. I liked Conan Stevens as Gregor in the few scenes he was in last season. Especially after his appearance in Spartacus Vengeance in a memorable episode. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1904	The Monkey	2012-04-19	I think next episode they will find out very quickly that Lommy wasn't Gendry, judging by the preview. It looks like there will be some torture scenes, probably at the hands of The Tickler.I sincerely hope they aren't torturing people in search of Gendry. There is no way that the other people in the group wouldn't give away his identity after a bit of torture. I hope they keep the torture relating to Beric's whereabouts, or some other external question.
1905	Davos55	2012-04-19	I sincerely hope they aren't torturing people in search of Gendry. There is no way that the other people in the group wouldn't give away his identity after a bit of torture. I hope they keep the torture relating to Beric's whereabouts, or some other external question.That is a very good point, I just don't know what they are going to do to tie in the end of the episode with Arya's line, into the next episode. I really hope Beric is mentioned, but nonbook fans may have forgot about him, so they will probably need a refresher about his role. I suppose we will find out on Sunday!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 19 April 2012 - 03:51 PM.
1906	Buckwheat	2012-04-19	Right! And you know what else, why would Gendry give Lommy the helm, or let even let it out of his sights.Ned Stark- "Who was your mom"Gendry- "The helm is not for sale"He loved that helm and wouldn't let Lommy have it as they try to escape and have a battleI do not think Gendry let Lommy have the helm, I think he forgot it laying there when he run, and Lommy picked it up, probably he thought it was going to help him.There is not way Arya's full list will get into the show, there are simply too many irrelevant characters like Raff on it. It would only confuse the wiewers and not really help the story.
1907	Davos55	2012-04-19	I do not think Gendry let Lommy have the helm, I think he forgot it laying there when he run, and Lommy picked it up, probably he thought it was going to help him.There is not way Arya's full list will get into the show, there are simply too many irrelevant characters like Raff on it. It would only confuse the wiewers and not really help the story.I think Gendry forgot it as well, but it is still unlike him to do that.I wouldn't say Raff is necessarily irrelevant. He is the one who kills the owner of the inn's son in Chiswyck's story, and he killed Lommy, granting him a spot on Arya's hit list. In AFFC Jaime's group goes to Harrenhal and he finds out info from Raff. He is noted as being much more well spoken than anyone else there, and Jaime takes him with him to Riverrun. He is now taking escorting Robin Ryger and Desmond Grell to Maidenpool so they can go to the wall. I am sure this will atleast be mentioned or come into play in the next novels.My prediction is that they run into Nymeria, and she ends up killing Raff!I know the entire list may confuse people, but I think it is great because it started out so large and it keeps dwindling. The list helps drive Arya, and it isn't that hard to follow in my opinion. But I am sure they will probably cut out some people from it unfortunately, Dunsen being a likely candidate for instance. I just don't want them to cut Raff out, or Chiswyck, or others.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 19 April 2012 - 05:10 PM.
1908	Buckwheat	2012-04-19	Ok, he might not have been as irrelevant as a random commoner, he serves some purpose in the story, but when Edmure and Blackfish and the Reed children for all I know are cut, there is little possibility for Raff, Dunsen, Polliver and Tickler to be given a large parts of the story. One of them may do it, or they will merge them into one or two characters. Arya is already going around killing nobodies in the books, it would look ridiculous on screen, like her story is not connected with the others anymore.
1909	Davos55	2012-04-19	Very good point on Edmure, Blackfish, and the Reeds. I have missed them a lot myself and they play huge roles in the book. I am just wishful thinking about the future in regards to her prayer list.
Though I don't know what you are referring to with her going around killing nobodies in the books.
1910	Arkash	2012-04-19	I think next episode they will find out very quickly that Lommy wasn't Gendry, judging by the preview. It looks like there will be some torture scenes, probably at the hands of The Tickler.No please, no torture about Gendry !I want so badly to hear: "Is there any gold ? Did you see Beric Dondarrion ? How many men were with him ? How many archers ? ..."
1911	Nebmai	2012-04-19	I don't think Edmure and the others were cut totally from the series, I read a recent interview with one of D + D and he said there were some key characters they held off on introducing till next season just to avoid having too many new ones added at once to an already huge list.  He used the phrase "delayed not cut" or something close to that.
1912	Arkash	2012-04-19	And also one thing to keep in mind is that there are characters in the second book who donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t appear this season, but are coming in later. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just about so many new characters introduced in the second season, so we saved some for the next season. They arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t being omitted, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re just being delayed.Anyway, I think the first casting annoucments for season 3 will fall within two months...About Arya's prayer: you can hear and see it at the very beginning of the late religion video: "Joffrey, Cersei, Ilyn Payne..." she says, apparently, she skips the titles.http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=DIe0Q3PgcOw#!
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 19 April 2012 - 06:10 PM.
1913	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-19	Reading the books, I didn't feel much about Lommy's death; he was a minor character whose only purpose was to die brutally at the hands of the Lannisters.Watching it on screen, I just can't let go of how young he is. While I know he's a child when I read it, actually seeing a little boy get stabbed through the throat is something else entirely.This. In the books, I figured he was a tough teenage lad. Still brutal, but not so much. In the show...dear God, how awful.I forgot about the Tickler. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Well, I didn't forget, I just forgot that we had to witness him at work. I wonder if we'll see those peasant corpses strung up with entrails falling out, crows pecking eyes etc? That was a particularly nasty image from the book.
1914	Davos55	2012-04-19	I for one am excited to see the Tickler in action haha. I am curious to see how far HBO will go with it.
1915	Fredwin	2012-04-19	They were torturing everyone they came across weren't they? I remember Arya commenting they always ask the same questions. Where's the gold? Have you seen Beric? etc.
1916	TheDrawback	2012-04-20	Think they are merging Raff and Polliver and change the Jaime getting introduced with Raff at Harrenhall with some other person maybe? Poliver picked up needle so i guess this would be him and the chapter with Arya and the Hound at the inn where they encounter Polliver and the Tickler is still plausable this way.
1917	TheDrawback	2012-04-20	I for one am excited to see the Tickler in action haha. I am curious to see how far HBO will go with it.I couldn't agree more
1918	The Monkey	2012-04-20	Looks from the preview that the "tickling" constitutes burning people with a torch. A far as I know we never got to know what specifically he did in the novel.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 20 April 2012 - 05:19 AM.
1919	Maginor	2012-04-20	They were torturing everyone they came across weren't they? I remember Arya commenting they always ask the same questions. Where's the gold? Have you seen Beric? etc.Is there any gold in the village?
1920	boojam	2012-04-20	Clegane and his men were not there, just Lannister guardsClegane only occurred in the Arya and company following adventure , which is kind of a 'travelog' they didn't need to use. (Which by the way is ok for the book but I didn't want to see, thank god no Weasel.)They used the Gold cloaks as an excuse, but could just as well have had Ser Amory show up on his own (as in the book).Tho it provided a 'sort of' closure for the Gendry - bastard story (which , in the novel, just did a quick fade, as interest was lost in KL, maybe due to Tyrion, we never find out. By the by, reading SoS again, George implies Robert had bastards all over the place, but makes not big deal out it, Gendry may just be one of many.)Seems like they should of had Lommy with a death grip on the bulls head helm, since it was lying away from him, would have , well almost, nailed it. I can't remember how Gendry lost it in the book, anyway , in the novel, seems interest in Gendry went away , I think?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 20 April 2012 - 08:50 AM.
1921	TheDrawback	2012-04-20	I can't remember how Gendry lost it in the book, anyway , in the novel, seems interest in Gendry went away , I think?IIRC some person of the guards just took it from him couse he liked it.I agree on the losing interest part /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1922	Magjee	2012-04-20	No names given, they might have combined them into one character for simplicities sake.
Maybe he is also Raff the Sweetling.
1923	stormborns	2012-04-20	When Arya said you already killed Gendry she was talking about Lommy right? But Lommy has blonde hair and (I assume) not blue eyes. He looks like a Lannister, lol. Not like a bastard of Robert BaratheronThey're Lannister sworn Knights from Harrenhal, not too intelligent in the brains departmentals I should think
1924	stormborns	2012-04-20	Gendry would hate hate hate to let go of that helmet, but I think when its between getting captured and losing his head or leaving his helmet unguarded for a bit of time, he isn't a dummy.  Oh well, stubborn Taurus, that helmet which was meant to get him in trouble (identifier) managed to save him.  That and Arya Stark.
1925	Blangadanger	2012-04-20	When Arya said you already killed Gendry she was talking about Lommy right? But Lommy has blonde hair and (I assume) not blue eyes. He looks like a Lannister, lol. Not like a bastard of Robert BaratheronWell I don't think Arya has had much time to think it through, and as far as I know, she is just as clueless about the color of his hair being important as Gendry himself is. IMO I think she says it was Lommy simply to buy more time for Gendry and her to get away, with the hope that the "bad guys" will simply leave them all alone if they think Gendry is dead. She will likely find out that they have no interest in doing so in the next episode however.
1926	boojam	2012-04-20	When Arya said you already killed Gendry she was talking about Lommy right? But Lommy has blonde hair and (I assume) not blue eyes. He looks like a Lannister, lol. Not like a bastard of Robert BaratheronThe Harrenhal men were really looking for Beric Dondarrion and didn't care about Gendry.One has to suppose those Goldcloaks (and think there were only 2) didn't have clue as what Gendry looked like, beside his mother could have had been a blond. I guess the audience would have gotten confused if only Ser Amory Lorch's men had of shown up, as it was in the book.
1927	Davos55	2012-04-21	Beric hasn't been mentioned in a while, I really hope he gets brought up though next episode. I know the Ticker is going to be in action, but it doesn't look like it will be at that village like in the book, it will be at Harrenhal. I suppose we won't get the "is there gold in the village?" questions. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I hope the torture isn't all about Gendry though, that would be a big deviation.
1928	HouseLancaster	2012-04-21	It won't be, the whole point of the helmet thing at the end was to close that thread.Do you think her captives, Hot Pie etc will cotton on to the fact that Ayra is a girl? From the previews, Ayra is still wearing her boy clothes (not a serving girl) and also, (given that she only ever gets 5 minutes an episode) I can't imagine they'll wish to spend dealing with everyones reaction, or explaning that she is a girl...
1929	Morrigan	2012-04-21	IIRC some person of the guards just took it from him couse he liked it.I agree on the losing interest part /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I believe it was Dunsen, and that's how he earned his place on Arya's hitlist.Edit: yup. And nothing else is known about Dunsen, haha. He's first mentioned as the one who took Gendry's helm... and then he's only ever mentioned in Arya's prayer after that. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 21 April 2012 - 10:49 PM.
1930	HannibalStark	2012-04-22	Right! And you know what else, why would Gendry give Lommy the helm, or let even let it out of his sights.Ned Stark- "Who was your mom"Gendry- "The helm is not for sale"He loved that helm and wouldn't let Lommy have it as they try to escape and have a battleIDK, as Gendry says himself he isn't as dumb as the others. If one of the only things that could identify him and which the gold cloaks said specifically they were looking for was the helmet, does anyone else not think it kinda makes sense not to sign your own death warrant by leaving it?He was protective of it at the shop with Ned, because he wasn't already told before hand that there were people looking to kill the bastard with the bull helmet.  If it was a matter of the helmet or his life...
1931	HannibalStark	2012-04-22	and it seems like the gold cloaks were given specific names and places to find each bastard and weren't told to scour Westeros for black haired bastards....so after not finding Gendry at the smiths in the first place, maybe the only description they had was male and bull helmet...I am sure its not the same people that are killing each one and its not like the fact that Roberts bastards all HAVE to have dark hair even comes up or is even discussed...it took Jon Aryn how many years?  and Ned most of the first book/season and he was intentionally looking into Jon's death. (although its funny considering what the actual reason why Jon Aryn was actually killed...)
but as to Lommy..after his constant whining in the books I kinda wasn't that upset he was stabbed in the throat
and I think the thread question was already answered
1932	boojam	2012-04-22	It won't be, the whole point of the helmet thing at the end was to close that thread.Do you think her captives, Hot Pie etc will cotton on to the fact that Ayra is a girl? From the previews, Ayra is still wearing her boy clothes (not a serving girl) and also, (given that she only ever gets 5 minutes an episode) I can't imagine they'll wish to spend dealing with everyones reaction, or explaning that she is a girl...I was wondering about that. She could keep on wearing the same costume (which I think is great looking) and still be a girl, gonna be hard to hide that at Harrenhal, for obvious reasons.Lot of the Harrenhal story can be cut down, tho , looks to me , since D&D like Dance so much seems as if Tywin's role there will be expanded, apparently with a confrontation Arya. I don't think Tywin ever knew what Arya looked like.Funny , in the books, like Gendry the search for Arya got suspended, I think the reason George gave was that at KL they thought she was dead.Anyway I figure Jaqen H'ghar will play a bigger role with Arya in the teleplays than the book. After all they are going to have to make use of Tom Wlaschiha's contract.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 22 April 2012 - 06:10 AM.
1933	Davos55	2012-04-22	I am definitely alright with more Tywin and Jaqen! Dance is great as Tywin, and Jaqen is excellent in the novel.
I think Arya's storylines will get more time as the season goes on, especially in "The Ghost of Harrenhal".
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 22 April 2012 - 09:39 AM.
1934	HouseLancaster	2012-04-22	I am definitely alright with more Tywin and Jaqen! Dance is great as Tywin, and Jaqen is excellent in the novel.I think Arya's storylines will get more time as the season goes on, especially in "The Ghost of Harrenhal".Yeah maybe. I mean I know Jaqen is a master assassin and everything but I hope it doesn't go too far that way. Arya's interactions with Hot Pie are more fun to watch and by many accounts were a huge saving grace in Episode 2 between all the porn scenes. To be honest, I just want to see as much as possible, her story warrants more screen time than she's currently getting. We don't need to see too much more of Littlefinger or Stanis where it doesn't happen in the books. And whilst we're at it we're not nearly seeing enough of Jon Snow and the wall. As good as the books are for astetics like gore, political discussions, nudity ect - the danger and adventure parts are awesome too!!
					
					
							Edited by HouseLancaster, 22 April 2012 - 02:00 PM.
1935	Davos55	2012-04-22	I love all parts of Arya's storyline, and pretty much all of the characters within it. She is such a great character and she definitely deserves and will get more screen time. Hot Pie is amusing, I'll agree with you there!
I am sure they will play the parts with Jaqen well in the series. He is too much of a fan favorite character to mess with too much.
I understand showing more of Stannis because viewers want to know about this new king and all of the new characters. Littlefinger's new scenes are a little controversial, but I still love the character. I also love seeing Jon's journey beyond the wall, and that will definitely pick up when they reach the Fist and Qorin Halfhand.
The books are great in so many regards, especially the adventures and perils, I will agree with you on that! But alas, this is HBO, so you have to expect some added sexual content, for better or worse! An amazing adaptation of the books nonetheless!
1936	HouseLancaster	2012-04-22	I love all parts of Arya's storyline, and pretty much all of the characters within it. She is such a great character and she definitely deserves and will get more screen time. Hot Pie is amusing, I'll agree with you there!I am sure they will play the parts with Jaqen well in the series. He is too much of a fan favorite character to mess with too much.I understand showing more of Stannis because viewers want to know about this new king and all of the new characters. Littlefinger's new scenes are a little controversial, but I still love the character. I also love seeing Jon's journey beyond the wall, and that will definitely pick up when they reach the Fist and Qorin Halfhand.The books are great in so many regards, especially the adventures and perils, I will agree with you on that! But alas, this is HBO, so you have to expect some added sexual content, for better or worse! An amazing adaptation of the books nonetheless!I'll agree with you on that. I think they need to get Jon Snow as a prominant figure again, and quick. Him and Dany, as the main achietype figures, are really the anchors for the series. Tyrion's great, as was Ned, but the thrust and progression of series is alway those 2. It's their story in a sense and I think viewers know that, it'll be good to be able to get behind them again.I don't mind the sex as much as most, I especially didn't have any problems in season 1 with it. But they're just not quite working this time round - there's like or 3 an episode this year.
1937	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-22	I thought I saw Lommy grab the bull-shaped helm when they were first alerted to being attacked.  Gendry wasn't in the room or was asleep or whatever.  Obviously HBO has combined two different attacks, because in the book the young people escape through the tunnel under the burning barn.  Indeed, they are holed up in some abandoned holdfast somewhere, and Amory Lorch's men have to scale the wall; it's the beginning of Lommy's preoccupation with "yielding," isn't it?  It's only later that they are captured, after attempting to transport Lommy, for example, and attempting to sneak into a village to see what's going on.  
For some reason I assumed it was Chiswyck who killed Lommy; wasn't he the first one that Arya charges Jaqen to kill at Harrenhal?  And I didn't remember that their pursuers actually were looking for someone named Gendry in particular. That surprised me.  Everything's blurring together now.  Too much to keep track of.  Just sit back and enjoy the HBO version.
I did like the "yielding" repartee in the book, but there's just no time in the series......
1938	Davos55	2012-04-22	Wish I was watching the episode right now..hope to watch it real soon! Go Arya!
1939	Envie	2012-04-15	Another absolutely brilliant scene - one of my favorites of a fantastic episode this week.
What did you think? Did you love the way Tyrion pulled off his little 'test' of loyalty to see which of the three men would run squealing to Cersei first?
Littlefinger's eyes lighting up at the thought of Harrenhal was by far the best moment clinching the scene. His greed was so obvious you could almost see him wipe some drool away as he tried to play it cool. HAH!
1940	Oberyn King	2012-04-16	That was a masterpiece.  Brilliant work of production and acting.
1941	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	Varys would have never in a million years believed that Tyrion would send Myrcella off to the Iron Islands, other than that, great scene and cinematography.
1942	Thorny Issues	2012-04-16	Varys would have never in a million years believed that Tyrion would send Myrcella off to the Iron Islands, other than that, great scene and cinematography.Actually, my reading of the Varys bit was that he didn't believe it for a second, and guessed what Tyrion was up to. He was then able to make sure he appeared to be Tyrion's 'friend'. I hope that's what was intended, because if so it just makes it all the more interesting.
1943	Independent George	2012-04-16	The best part was the way Varys started the scene by gleefully saying how much he loved it when conversations began that way, and then fell into a look of disgust & disappointment when he heard Tyrion say "Theon Greyjoy". I interpreted that as him immediately figuring out what game Tyrion was playing, and being almost insulted that anyone could think he would fall for it. If I recall correctly, when they cut to Tyrion, he had an odd look on his face, too, as if he realized Varys was on to him. This is all subject to interpretation, but I'm pretty sure that's how the scene was played.
I friggin' love Varys. And Tyrion. But we see so little of Varys, that his scenes always stick out to me.
1944	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	Actually, my reading of the Varys bit was that he didn't believe it for a second, and guessed what Tyrion was up to. He was then able to make sure he appeared to be Tyrion's 'friend'. I hope that's what was intended, because if so it just makes it all the more interesting.Varys saw right through it-I agree, my post was more of a comment on how Tyrion's plan was flawed.  The Robert Arryn story was believablke,  Theon, not believable. Tyrion could have suggested a Tommen bethrothal if he was running out of options for Myrcella.
1945	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-16	This was one of my favorrite scenes in the book and I did wonder how they'd do it and it was awesome how they cut from Pycelle to Varys to Littlefinger. I wasn't sure how I pictured it, done for a show as opposed to my mind's eye in the book but anything I could've thought was surpassed. I loved the scene in Pycelle's room too....my favorite part of last night's show.
1946	chris999	2012-04-16	Varys would have never in a million years believed that Tyrion would send Myrcella off to the Iron Islands, other than that, great scene and cinematography.I think they did a great job. It was an important scene that took a few hundred pages in the books to complete, but the got it out of the way in 3 minutes, leaving us with more screen time for the other events that happen this season. I am glad that they didnt waste a whole episode to do it, and it still came out really good.Cant ask for any more than that.
1947	Arkash	2012-04-16	I think proposing Myrcella to Garlan Tyrell would have been more credible for Varys, but I prefer them using Theon, so we all know Varys didnt believe a word of it !
1948	sennahoj	2012-04-16	The scene was executed quite well, apart from the change in the marriage alliances. As I wrote in another thread, I don't quite understand why they would change Tommen being sent to Dorne as a ward into offering Myrcella to Theon. I don't think it makes Tyrion's plot easier to understand, plus it makes him look a bit stupid. Both the actual marriage alliance (Myrcella+Trystane Martell) as well as the red herring for Littlefinger (Myrcella+Robert Arryn) were sound choices and both believable, whereas the one thrown at Varys was so obviously a ruse as to be embarassing. Theon is for all Tyrion knows a staunch Stark supporter with no tendency to betray Robb not with any leverage over his father. The Iron Islands are too far away for their fleet to make a difference to the double Baratheon threat from the sea and the south to King's Landing. The Martells and the Arryns both could bring their might to bear against either Renly or Stannis respectively, therefore both alliances would make sense. Littlefinger surely thinks so, at least he seems to buy into the scheme. Fostering Tommen at Dorne would also make sense and Varys could be made to believe that Tyrion favours this option, but the Myrcella+Theon plot seems to far fetched for as skilled a player as Varys to buy into it, more so making Varys believe someone as smart as Tyrion would favour that alliance.
Seeing how Tyrion regards Varys as his most skilled and dangerous opponent at the game of thrones, it surprises me that the writers went for that change. It makes Tyrion appear a bit stupid to think he could fool Varys that easily.
Any thoughts on why they opted for that change?
I know it seems like only a minor thing, but it bothers me.
1949	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	I think they did a great job. It was an important scene that took a few hundred pages in the books to complete, but the got it out of the way in 3 minutes, leaving us with more screen time for the other events that happen this season. I am glad that they didnt waste a whole episode to do it, and it still came out really good.Cant ask for any more than that.To me, this was the best episode of S2 BY FAR.  not even close, so I'm nitpicking a little bit.  The story he told Varys was implausible as far as a piece of a brilliant plan, but did I let it detract from my viewing pleasure- most definitely not.
1950	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	The scene was executed quite well, apart from the change in the marriage alliances. As I wrote in another thread, I don't quite understand why they would change Tommen being sent to Dorne as a ward into offering Myrcella to Theon. I don't think it makes Tyrion's plot easier to understand, plus it makes him look a bit stupid. Both the actual marriage alliance (Myrcella+Trystane Martell) as well as the red herring for Littlefinger (Myrcella+Robert Arryn) were sound choices and both believable, whereas the one thrown at Varys was so obviously a ruse as to be embarassing. Theon is for all Tyrion knows a staunch Stark supporter with no tendency to betray Robb not with any leverage over his father. The Iron Islands are too far away for their fleet to make a difference to the double Baratheon threat from the sea and the south to King's Landing. The Martells and the Arryns both could bring their might to bear against either Renly or Stannis respectively, therefore both alliances would make sense. Littlefinger surely thinks so, at least he seems to buy into the scheme. Fostering Tommen at Dorne would also make sense and Varys could be made to believe that Tyrion favours this option, but the Myrcella+Theon plot seems to far fetched for as skilled a player as Varys to buy into it, more so making Varys believe someone as smart as Tyrion would favour that alliance.Seeing how Tyrion regards Varys as his most skilled and dangerous opponent at the game of thrones, it surprises me that the writers went for that change. It makes Tyrion appear a bit stupid to think he could fool Varys that easily.Any thoughts on why they opted for that change?I know it seems like only a minor thing, but it bothers me.Not to mention that Tyrion actually speculates that the proposal might tempt the Greyjoy's to invade the North when that was clearly a blindside to everyone, especially at Kings Landing, in the book.
1951	_Oberyn_	2012-04-16	I think proposing Myrcella to Garlan Tyrell would have been more credible for Varys, but I prefer them using Theon, so we all know Varys didnt believe a word of it !Tyrells made their choise. And a queen in the family is more lucrative then the sister of a disputed king.
1952	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	I think proposing Myrcella to Garlan Tyrell would have been more credible for Varys, but I prefer them using Theon, so we all know Varys didnt believe a word of it !Do you mean Willas? Garlan is married.  But either way I think at that point it was a given that the Tyrells were behind Renly (Loras directly behind him, oh!) so a treaty probably couldn't be brokered there.  Does anyone know if the actor who played Shagga is gone?  It would appear so since he isn't in the Pycelle scene.
1953	David Selig	2012-04-16	Does anyone know if the actor who played Shagga is gone?  It would appear so since he isn't in the Pycelle scene. He wasn't? Who was the clansman in the scene then? I thought he was Shagga, given the talk about giving members to the goats...
1954	sennahoj	2012-04-16	Not to mention that Tyrion actually speculates that the proposal might tempt the Greyjoy's to invade the North when that was clearly a blindside to everyone, especially at Kings Landing, in the book.It actually diminishes a lot of the surprise effect of the actual Ironborn attack, because Tyrion at least has already considered it on the show. I guess it ties in nicer with the scenes on the Iron Islands and the impending offensive. That in turn makes Robb all the more the fool to have sent Theon to Pyke in the first place, because an Ironborn attack on the North is, apparently on the show, a scenario that should be considered. Considering this possibility actually builds up the Ironborns as more of a threat than they are perceived as in the books.
1955	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	Oh I expect that was Shagga (although I don't think he mentioned him by name), but that wasn't the same actor as last season.  The actor from last season had a deep intimidating voice, this one sounded like a dumb mountain oaf.
1956	David Selig	2012-04-16	Oh I expect that was Shagga (although I don't think he mentioned him by name), but that wasn't the same actor as last season.  The actor from last season had a deep intimidating voice, this one sounded like a dumb mountain oaf. I see. Didn't notice it, to be honest, even though I was rewatching some episodes from last season which featured Shagga yesterday. Anyway, this whole segment was very well done, Tyrion's "make do" comment towards Shagga had me laughing out loud.
1957	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	It actually diminishes a lot of the surprise effect of the actual Ironborn attack, because Tyrion at least has already considered it on the show. I guess it ties in nicer with the scenes on the Iron Islands and the impending offensive. That in turn makes Robb all the more the fool to have sent Theon to Pyke in the first place, because an Ironborn attack on the North is, apparently on the show, a scenario that should be considered. Considering this possibility actually builds up the Ironborns as more of a threat than they are perceived as in the books.The best thing in the books about the attack on The North was that it was completely out of left field and not anticipated by anyone except maybe Catelyn. In my opinion the show is starting earlier than the books in the whole brutally farfetched overrating of Tyrion Lannister in everything he does.   I don't know how to do that spoiler tag so I can't really elaborate more right now until I figure it out.
1958	Envie	2012-04-16	Varys saw right through it-I agree, my post was more of a comment on how Tyrion's plan was flawed.  The Robert Arryn story was believablke,  Theon, not believable.I'm actually surprised so many people thought this and think the match he gave LF with Robert Arryn was more believable than the match to Theon Greyjoy. Honestly, after what Tyrion went through with Lysa Arryn, I wondered why he would even consider it especially as clever as Littlefinger is - I figured if anyone would see through his ruse it would be LF, and maybe Varys would just suspect it and try to verify validity with his spies.Obviously, what Tyrion has going on his side in the plot he gave Littlefinger is that no one at court knows just how badly Lysa Arryn wanted him dead nor how batshit crazy she is against the Lannisters. If they knew just how much she hated the 'royal family' I doubt Tyrion's suggestion for a marriage union would have been half as believable.As for whether or not Varys saw through Tyrion's trick or not, I can't quite say. I do agree the match he suggested with Theon had the least merit, but you also have to remember that the television producers are betting on a different attitude than many who read the books will have. Is it possible the Greyjoy alliance would seem more favorable to those who haven't read all the details of the books and know only what was stated: That the Ironborn hate the Starks so much they'd willingly ally with the crown to defeat them? In that way it seems to make sense. We watch a very emotional scene between Theon and Balon which shows us just how many raw wounds there still are in regards to the previous war the Greyjoys lost. Sure, it was Robert Baratheon who was king at the end, but it was Ned Stark that Balon Greyjoy had to bend the knee to in surrender. I don't think its too far a stretch for Tyrion to use that fact as a tool in favor of trying to ally the Greyjoys against the king of the north via marriage.
1959	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	I'm actually surprised so many people thought this and think the match he gave LF with Robert Arryn was more believable than the match to Theon Greyjoy. Honestly, after what Tyrion went through with Lysa Arryn, I wondered why he would even consider it especially as clever as Littlefinger is - I figured if anyone would see through his ruse it would be LF, and maybe Varys would just suspect it and try to verify validity with his spies.Obviously, what Tyrion has going on his side in the plot he gave Littlefinger is that no one at court knows just how badly Lysa Arryn wanted him dead nor how batshit crazy she is against the Lannisters. If they knew just how much she hated the 'royal family' I doubt Tyrion's suggestion for a marriage union would have been half as believable.As for whether or not Varys saw through Tyrion's trick or not, I can't quite say. I do agree the match he suggested with Theon had the least merit, but you also have to remember that the television producers are betting on a different attitude than many who read the books will have. Is it possible the Greyjoy alliance would seem more favorable to those who haven't read all the details of the books and know only what was stated: That the Ironborn hate the Starks so much they'd willingly ally with the crown to defeat them? In that way it seems to make sense. We watch a very emotional scene between Theon and Balon which shows us just how many raw wounds there still are in regards to the previous war the Greyjoys lost. Sure, it was Robert Baratheon who was king at the end, but it was Ned Stark that Balon Greyjoy had to bend the knee to in surrender. I don't think its too far a stretch for Tyrion to use that fact as a tool in favor of trying to ally the Greyjoys against the king of the north via marriage.Anyone vying for the crown in Westeros, to me, would rather have the might of the Vale behind them than the Greyjoys (except maybe the North because they have no ships at this point).  The carrot of receiving a high lordship might have influenced LF and overridden any doubts he may have had about the validity of the marriage proposal. Tyrion knows how batshit crazy Lisa is and how scared she is.  If she had any assurance of safety for little Robert, she would jump on it. As far as the bold, its an excellent point.  I do believe the Stark hate is being played up mpre in the TV series than the book.  They barely mention that Robert led the assault on Pyke and concentrate strictly on their hatred for the Starks.
1960	Envie	2012-04-16	As far as the bold, its an excellent point.  I do believe the Stark hate is being played up mpre in the TV series than the book.  They barely mention that Robert led the assault on Pyke and concentrate strictly on their hatred for the Starks.Yes, thanks for pointing that out.- you clarified what I think I may have spent too many words trying to do! I'm wondering if for viewers who don't read the books, playing up the hatred Balon Greyjoy has for the Starks and the north doesn't make the idea of Tyrion trying to ally with them more believable. Varys may have actually believed him in that case.Sure, you're right in that as far as political advantages go, it does make far more sense to wed with the Vale even as nutty as Lysa is (and refuses to get involved with any side) because we all know what Littlefinger's going to do anyways (marrying Lysa) in the future. We expect that to be a more advantageous scenario. And since an alliance with the Greyjoys was never thought up in the books that I recall, it seems more ludicrous unless you look at it from the perspective of how hateful the Greyjoys are against the north in the show.
1961	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	Yes, thanks for pointing that out.- you clarified what I think I may have spent too many words trying to do!I'm wondering if for viewers who don't read the books, playing up the hatred Balon Greyjoy has for the Starks and the north doesn't make the idea of Tyrion trying to ally with them more believable. Varys may have actually believed him in that case.Sure, you're right in that as far as political advantages go, it does make far more sense to wed with the Vale even as nutty as Lysa is (and refuses to get involved with any side) because we all know what Littlefinger's going to do anyways (marrying Lysa) in the future. We expect that to be a more advantageous scenario. And since an alliance with the Greyjoys was never thought up in the books that I recall, it seems more ludicrous unless you look at it from the perspective of how hateful the Greyjoys are against the north in the show.It looked to me like when Varys complimented Tyrion on his plan, he had a look in his eye like "that was waaay too easy for me to spot", but that's just how I viewed it.  My wife only saw part of the show last night and I'm going to pay attention to how she reacts tonight when we finish. The only thing I don't like about what you're proposing is that it makes Robb (and the Blackfish and the rest of the northmen and Riverlords) look dumber by leaving the entier north undefended against a powerful force that even Tyrion anticipates will attack the north.  Tyrion sure is superman.
1962	Envie	2012-04-16	The only thing I don't like about what you're proposing is that it makes Robb (and the Blackfish and the rest of the northmen and Riverlords) look dumber by leaving the entier north undefended against a powerful force that even Tyrion anticipates will attack the north.  Tyrion sure is superman.Hey don't blame me, the SHOW is doing that! We watched Balon Greyjoy lay out his own attack plan on the map, saying in exact words that most of the north has been left exposed and ripe for the picking! None of that is said so pointedly in the books. Viewers also have no idea (thus far) about the Tulleys and all of the Riverrun plots so they don't even know that defense exists yet. But there's no way to do subtlety in a television series so HBO chooses to play up the drama and make it far more obvious about a lot of things which fans of the books dislike. We tend to think spelling everything out for the viewer weakens the character and they lose credibility as intelligent thinkers. I don't tend to agree with that as much (like those who think Yoren telling Arya about the 'name prayer' weakens her own character).I often have to remind myself that many of the details they reveal in the show are more obvious than they were in the books (like playing up Renly's homosexuality over the top). I have to keep reminding myself that the actors, as good as they are, are confined to short scenes, not entire chapters of hundreds of pages like in the book. When I remind myself of that, I'm a lot less critical of the show. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Edit: Just got email updated from the GoT youtube channel with this great "Inside the Episode" video which both producers talk at length about the magic of the scene with Tyrion and the three other men he's trying to trick to ferret out a spy:http://www.youtube.c...ture=plpp_videoWorth watching!
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 16 April 2012 - 02:03 PM.
1963	a shadow	2012-04-16	Excellent scene, but two things:
He was offering Littlefinger a lot for his service, so he did not really assure Petyr can not be a spie of Cersei.
And I agree that Varys would have seen it through Theon Greyjoy, but casual viewers probably did not, so it would have been excellent if the sene opened on this part. Half of the audience would have been blown away, thinking this is real.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 16 April 2012 - 02:10 PM.
1964	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	There's some subtlety that comes across in the series.  I think Varys' character subtle and they dont have to bang you over the head with the fact that he was an ex badass.
1965	James Arryn	2012-04-16	The best part was the way Varys started the scene by gleefully saying how much he loved it when conversations began that way, and then fell into a look of disgust & disappointment when he heard Tyrion say "Theon Greyjoy". I interpreted that as him immediately figuring out what game Tyrion was playing, and being almost insulted that anyone could think he would fall for it. If I recall correctly, when they cut to Tyrion, he had an odd look on his face, too, as if he realized Varys was on to him. This is all subject to interpretation, but I'm pretty sure that's how the scene was played.I friggin' love Varys. And Tyrion. But we see so little of Varys, that his scenes always stick out to me.That was sort of my take as well. I think he saw through it. I'm not sure he knew exactly why...like I doubt he went so far as to think 'he's giving a different version to everyone to see who leaks'...but I think he saw through the idea of Tyrion wanting to wed with the Iron Islands, of all options, and so knew that either he was being tested or played in some way.I think it was also interesting that only Pycelle failed to argue. I think if I hadn't known from the book, I would have known from that distinction. LF even argued...I don't think he went so far as to see through it like Varys did, but I got the sense he sniffed something, if only Tyrion making a bad decision and wondering how he could play that to his advantage.
1966	Pliny	2012-04-16	Varys would have never in a million years believed that Tyrion would send Myrcella off to the Iron Islands, other than that, great scene and cinematography.Actually, my reading of the Varys bit was that he didn't believe it for a second, and guessed what Tyrion was up to. He was then able to make sure he appeared to be Tyrion's 'friend'. I hope that's what was intended, because if so it just makes it all the more interesting.That was my interpretation as well.As far as the "North ripe for the picking" business goes, it seems that the show is playing on a theme of the first book; that trust and honor sometimes lead to pain. Ned relied on the honor of others, and Robb trusts Theon's honor, and Balon Greyjoy's honor as well, even when Catelyn warns him not to. It's, I suppose, a contrast to Tyrion's success (for the time being) in trusting nobody. Just a partially formed thought I had. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1967	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-16	Yes, the Theon bit was not the most appealing ploy to go with. I am under the opinion that at least a proposal to Loras Tyrell would have made more sense, but seeing as though he was 3rd on the Tyrell list; it wouldnt look right to propose a marriage alliance to a princess and a future lord who will probably not even inherit his father's vast holdings.
A better proposal could have possible been one for Myrcella to wed her second cousin Lancel... oh that would have just been fun to watch as Varys took it all in.
1968	Morrigan	2012-04-16	Anyway, this whole segment was very well done, Tyrion's "make do" comment towards Shagga had me laughing out loud.Hell yes, I was so glad they kept the "cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats" line, AND the follow-up "there are no goats, halfman!" "make do!" lines.I was a bit disappointed that it wasn't our good ol' Shagga son of Dolf, though. What happened to the actor playing him in S1?
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 April 2012 - 03:28 PM.
1969	DannySpud	2012-04-16	The scene was executed quite well, apart from the change in the marriage alliances. As I wrote in another thread, I don't quite understand why they would change Tommen being sent to Dorne as a ward into offering Myrcella to Theon. I don't think it makes Tyrion's plot easier to understand, plus it makes him look a bit stupid. Both the actual marriage alliance (Myrcella+Trystane Martell) as well as the red herring for Littlefinger (Myrcella+Robert Arryn) were sound choices and both believable, whereas the one thrown at Varys was so obviously a ruse as to be embarassing. Theon is for all Tyrion knows a staunch Stark supporter with no tendency to betray Robb not with any leverage over his father. The Iron Islands are too far away for their fleet to make a difference to the double Baratheon threat from the sea and the south to King's Landing. The Martells and the Arryns both could bring their might to bear against either Renly or Stannis respectively, therefore both alliances would make sense. Littlefinger surely thinks so, at least he seems to buy into the scheme. Fostering Tommen at Dorne would also make sense and Varys could be made to believe that Tyrion favours this option, but the Myrcella+Theon plot seems to far fetched for as skilled a player as Varys to buy into it, more so making Varys believe someone as smart as Tyrion would favour that alliance.Seeing how Tyrion regards Varys as his most skilled and dangerous opponent at the game of thrones, it surprises me that the writers went for that change. It makes Tyrion appear a bit stupid to think he could fool Varys that easily.Any thoughts on why they opted for that change?I know it seems like only a minor thing, but it bothers me.I think it makes the scene much easier to follow. When I first read that chapter and the resulting arrest of Pycelle I was a bit confused and had to reread it before I got what was going on (probably my slowest moment when reading the books but still...). Having all three involving Myrcella makes it abundantly clear that not all three can happen and that Tyrion is playing them. It's done better in the books, with Varys showing Tyrion that he knows about the conflicting arrangements already, but the way it was done would have taken half the episode.
1970	Bambi	2012-04-16	Fascinating topic, visited here for this tonight. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> The scene worked really well, especially in consideration with the limited possibilities of the show vs the book. I think its actually the far most brilliant solution until now from the writers.
1971	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-16	A great way to bring a fascinating chapter into a fairly short scene, without it actually feeling rushed. It's a fine example of how much smoother this season is in transitioning between scenes, even if this technically was one scene.
1972	Envie	2012-04-16	A great way to bring a fascinating chapter into a fairly short scene, without it actually feeling rushed. It's a fine example of how much smoother this season is in transitioning between scenes, even if this technically was one scene.Yes, and it also lends some credit to the writers as able to come up with clever ways to twist a very heavy novel into some artistically done acting and character transitions. I think many of us (myself included) have been hard on the producers of the show when they make changes from the book for the sake of paring down the length of scenes and characters. Many disagree with omissions or additions but I think they've got an overall great handle on how to best display such an epic saga as 5000+ pages of detailed writing has done in such a shorter length of time and less ability to give lots of detail as restricted by film.
1973	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	The scene was crafted very well.  It was sort of confusing in the books at first read because it was spread out over many pages.  I had to go back to reread a couple of times to finally have my aha moment.  I agree that it wasn't believable for a book reader for Tyrion to suggest Theon Greyjoy as an option to Varys.  I interpreted Varys reponse as his disbelief that Tyrion was being serious and a subtle acknowledgement that Varys understood what game Tyrion was playing.  However, my sister doesn't read the books and she seemed to accept it as a suitable offer.  So worked for non book readers but was strange for book readers.  It's the middle ground I suppose D&D struggle with.
1974	boojam	2012-04-16	The best part was the way Varys started the scene by gleefully saying how much he loved it when conversations began that way, and then fell into a look of disgust & disappointment when he heard Tyrion say "Theon Greyjoy". I interpreted that as him immediately figuring out what game Tyrion was playing, and being almost insulted that anyone could think he would fall for it. If I recall correctly, when they cut to Tyrion, he had an odd look on his face, too, as if he realized Varys was on to him. This is all subject to interpretation, but I'm pretty sure that's how the scene was played.I friggin' love Varys. And Tyrion. But we see so little of Varys, that his scenes always stick out to me.It comes off a bit odd, one would guess that Tyrion couldn't tell Varys anything that Varys did not either already know or could find out.Kind of like Tyrion knows that Varys knows what Tyrion is doing and Varys knows that Tyrion knows that Varys knows!
1975	boojam	2012-04-16	One thing that does not seem to occur to Tyrion, Pycelle has proven himself to so addled that he may have meant not to tell but forgot that he was supposed to do that and just blathered it by mistake.
Having Pycelle as the fall guy is like shooting fish in barrel.
1976	nara	2012-04-16	I didn't actually think Theon was that unbelievable.  He is an heir to one of the 7 great houses and, compared to Robert Arryn, he's both Prince Charming and a Maester!  Also, there's always a chance that Lysa Tully might not be willing to get involved in the fight even for a marriage alliance, while the Greyjoys are itching to fight.
1977	Envie	2012-04-16	One thing that does not seem to occur to Tyrion, Pycelle has proven himself to so addled that he may have meant not to tell but forgot that he was supposed to do that and just blathered it by mistake.Having Pycelle as the fall guy is like shooting fish in barrel.I don't think Tyrion is falling for the 'senile' disguise with Pycelle at all, do you? In fact, it would not surprise me at all if good ol' Ros and the other whores have been spying to report just how spry Pycelle really is. These things weren't in the book that way so its an interesting way to twist the plot in a more believable direction for Pycelle's arrest. Tyrion can say Pycelle's lying about a lot of things. Littlefinger and Varys probably already knew this anyways.
1978	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-16	I didn't actually think Theon was that unbelievable.  He is an heir to one of the 7 great houses and, compared to Robert Arryn, he's both Prince Charming and a Maester!  Also, there's always a chance that Lysa Tully might not be willing to get involved in the fight even for a marriage alliance, while the Greyjoys are itching to fight.In the eyes of the Lannisters and anyone else in the South, Robert Arryn has one huge advantage over Theon - he's not under the control of another Great House at war with the Lannisters. As far as anyone in King's Landing knows, Theon is still a hostage/ward of the Starks.
1979	teemo	2012-04-16	I think this was one of the most well-made scenes in the series so far.  I didn't see how they were going to make it possible, but they did, and it was easy to understand, not confusing like many predicted.  All of my non book-reader friends got it.  Loved it!  Dinklage is just the best.  And I loved the LF scene /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
1980	Azerate	2012-04-17	They way I had always seen this this scene is that if not both of them (Varys/LF) had seen through the trick, still LF was more intelligent not to tell the queen right of the bat without any benefits in it for him. So in a way Pycelle just turned out to be the least witty from the trinity and got eliminated. I don't remember too clearly how it was presented in the book but I really liked the version from the series. One of the biggest problems is that the pace of the story may make some of the plot advancements not understandable for someone who didn't read the books and has to pick up everything from the rushed version, this was however very clear and probably everyone understood the point of the intrigue
					
					
							Edited by Azerate, 17 April 2012 - 12:53 AM.
1981	templar7	2012-04-17	Varys would have never in a million years believed that Tyrion would send Myrcella off to the Iron Islands, other than that, great scene and cinematography.Just because he wouldn't believe it doesn't mean he wouldn't go along with it. After all, it was Varys we find joining the Hand for a drink in the aftermath. Agreed though, great scene.
1982	boojam	2012-04-17	I don't think Tyrion is falling for the 'senile' disguise with Pycelle at all, do you? In fact, it would not surprise me at all if good ol' Ros and the other whores have been spying to report just how spry Pycelle really is. These things weren't in the book that way so its an interesting way to twist the plot in a more believable direction for Pycelle's arrest. Tyrion can say Pycelle's lying about a lot of things. Littlefinger and Varys probably already knew this anyways.So far Pycelle has his moments, but much of the time he seems on the verge of senile dementia.How old is the old coot anyway? He may have mental inclination for rumpy pumpy but only the stones for fiddling and diddling.
1983	boojam	2012-04-17	Just because he wouldn't believe it doesn't mean he wouldn't go along with it. After all, it was Varys we find joining the Hand for a drink in the aftermath. Agreed though, great scene.I have not read CoK is a long long time, and my recollection was that he was Tyrions ally from the get go, I must be misremembering.
1984	Vvornth	2012-04-17	I don't like it how Petyr Baelish is lacking in the power plays in the series. We saw his lapse in subtlety in the last episode and what it got him, this ep he was decieved by a fairly simple ploy by Tyrion.
I think this is a strange way to handle a character that after all is supposed to have orchastrated the entire war and is always a couple of steps ahead of everyone else.
1985	DemiNymph	2012-04-17	I liked the clever editing. It brought off very clearly that he was giving 3 stories to 3 different people. I was afraid I would have to explain the plot but the way this scene was presented made it very clear to a non-reader.
1986	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-17	This reminded me of a scene in another HBO show; season 2 of Boardwalk Empire, the protagonist gave a speech to members of the black community and they spliced it together with a speech to Ku Klux Klan supporters. Both very, very clever scenes.
1987	Auska	2012-04-17	Actually, my reading of the Varys bit was that he didn't believe it for a second, and guessed what Tyrion was up to. He was then able to make sure he appeared to be Tyrion's 'friend'. I hope that's what was intended, because if so it just makes it all the more interesting.Same. I actually also got the feel that Littlefinger figured it out. There was that brief pause before plastering a big grin on his face.
1988	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Just because he wouldn't believe it doesn't mean he wouldn't go along with it. After all, it was Varys we find joining the Hand for a drink in the aftermath. Agreed though, great scene.More likely Varys would just see how it played out, but I'm quite sure he wouldn't have followed along with that one just yet.  There's already enough turmoil in the realm, and lets remember who Varys really serves.  He isn't really working for Tyrion, its more that he eventually creates a role for Tyrion in his own plans.
1989	Purah	2012-04-17	The episode was brilliant and a sigh of relief for me really as I was starting to worry about what direction HBO where going. Loved Tyrion. Loved how the scenes bled into each other. Loved Varys. And I actually fell back in love with Littlefinger after the last two episodes (it was nice to see him back on form and out of a brothel) /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> .
And how true the LF scene was to the book, I just loved that! You could almost see the little cogs in his head tick-tick-ticking away in trying to figure out Tyrion's motive, and not to mention the insatiable greed and ambition of the man.
1990	lmanion	2012-04-17	I think he tells Varys this plan knowing full well that Varys would never believe it and their interaction is them basically having the understanding that Tyrion is feeding Varys a load of BS, but Varys should play along with it. I always read it that in the books Varys was willing to help Tyrion and be his friend in a way, perhaps seeing tyrion as a way to settle down the realm until his and Illyrio's plans were ready to go.
1991	gmoney88	2012-04-17	This reminded me of a scene in another HBO show; season 2 of Boardwalk Empire, the protagonist gave a speech to members of the black community and they spliced it together with a speech to Ku Klux Klan supporters. Both very, very clever scenes.your right they are similar, I had forgotten about that. that was a great scene. I love to see directors do risky and ambitious things like this, really take advantage of the medium.That was probably the best scene of the series so far. Perfectly shot, perfectly edited, perfectly acted.They advanced the plot, developed 4 characters, and did it in an amazingly entertaining way, in only a few minutes. Scenes like this work wonders, not gratuitous sex.
1992	Bolivar	2012-04-17	It was a great example of adaptation - using the strengths of a different medium to  portray the events in another. Some of the acting was a little farfetched, I think Littlefinger's portrayal is worse this season and the writing original dialogue is puzzling since it's so much more convincing and better written in the books, but this was still a great scene and I think the season is definitely getting better.
1993	Maester Nikolas	2012-04-17	The editing made it spectacular- just when I thought Tyrion was making a repetition to Pycelle BAM! Varys comes on screen. Beautiful bit of screenplay there, wonderful cinematography, and Tyrion was so "honest" and everyone else so quick to jump [Barring Varys] that it made it deliciously humorous. Littlefinger seems to be slipping doesn't he? He's certainly getting more greedy, but the preview for the next episode seems to imply he'll be back to his wonderful [Read: Despicable] plotting self.
Also, did anyone else catch the name of whoever it was Shae served before she came to Westeros? I wonder if we'll finally know her backstory...
1994	lightbringer333	2012-04-17	very intelligent guy tyrion. he knows how to play his cards.
1995	Fredwin	2012-04-17	Any thoughts on why they opted for that change?I know it seems like only a minor thing, but it bothers me.The change was for the audience. It's so they understand exactly what Tyrion is doing, selling different versions of the same story to 3 different people.
1996	Vandalism	2012-04-17	Excellent scene. Maintained the characters' personalities well and was just a dose of thrilling, venomous politics. Tyrion was amazing as usual.
1997	Chelly	2012-04-17	Tyrion was so much fun ACoK. I liked how they transitioned the scenes between Pycelle, Varys, and LF. It was definitely one of the funner parts in the episode. Tyrion is so slick.
1998	DornishKnight	2012-04-17	I don't like it how Petyr Baelish is lacking in the power plays in the series. We saw his lapse in subtlety in the last episode and what it got him, this ep he was decieved by a fairly simple ploy by Tyrion.I think this is a strange way to handle a character that after all is supposed to have orchastrated the entire war and is always a couple of steps ahead of everyone else.I'll play devil's advocate.  Petyr (rightly) considers Cersei an arrogant fool, he miscalculates in thinking she appreciates him and can be intimidated by him.  Although the scene seems out of character for LF in the books, there is basis for it in the fact that he does suffer from overconfidence (which I believe will be his ultimate undoing).Tyrion, on the other hand, is as good a player as LF is (though neither is in Varys' league). It does make sense that Tyrion could outwit him.
1999	TheWanderer	2012-04-17	Tyrion, on the other hand, is as good a player as LF is (though neither is in Varys' league). It does make sense that Tyrion could outwit him.Tyrion doesn't outwit him, he outplays him. Littlefinger is an ambitious, greedy man and Tyrion is able to use his greed to hide an otherwise weak ploy.
2000	BlackTalon	2012-04-17	The clanman with the axe in PycelleÂ´s room was Timett from last season. I am not sure if Tyrion ever introduced him formally to his father (and thus to the viewers) when he marched them into that tent, but he was obviously meant to be Timett.
2001	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-17	I'll play devil's advocate.  Petyr (rightly) considers Cersei an arrogant fool, he miscalculates in thinking she appreciates him and can be intimidated by him.  Although the scene seems out of character for LF in the books, there is basis for it in the fact that he does suffer from overconfidence (which I believe will be his ultimate undoing).Tyrion, on the other hand, is as good a player as LF is (though neither is in Varys' league). It does make sense that Tyrion could outwit him.I like to think that the scene where Cersei abuses Baelish is meant to reinforce his view that it's foolish to play their games by their rules. Baelish would just get himself killed doing that. Baelish doesnt have the kind of power base that the great houses do. And he doesnt have the physical strength that many great lords have. He's basically on his own with his wits. He learns this lesson well in his youth, but for purposes of the TV show the lesson is reinforced for us with that scene.
2002	Nymeria101	2012-04-18	My favorite scene of Season 2...It was brilliant!!!
2003	sarah.jenice	2012-04-18	I think it makes the scene much easier to follow. When I first read that chapter and the resulting arrest of Pycelle I was a bit confused and had to reread it before I got what was going on (probably my slowest moment when reading the books but still...). Having all three involving Myrcella makes it abundantly clear that not all three can happen and that Tyrion is playing them. It's done better in the books, with Varys showing Tyrion that he knows about the conflicting arrangements already, but the way it was done would have taken half the episode.I think your bold statement was probably their reasoning. We don't have any way to show what Tyrion is thinking (saying 1, 2, 3 in his head) so if he had proposed something with Tommen, viewers who have not read the book may not have understood what was going on. To be honest, my fiance pauses after almost every scene so I can clarify what we just saw. He's having trouble following all of the characters and really didn't understand this Tyrion scene.I thought it was really well done from the acting to the editing. The Theon Greyjoy proposal was a bit jarring, but I am guessing they perhaps wanted to use a character we already know. The selection shocked me because, as someone said earlier, Theon is supposed to be a ward of Winterfell, fighting with Robb Stark, so how could Tyrion possibly know he would be in  a position to marry Myrcella.
2004	Alexius	2012-04-19	Tyrion doesn't outwit him, he outplays him. Littlefinger is an ambitious, greedy man and Tyrion is able to use his greed to hide an otherwise weak ploy. Does he?The episode made me thinking what was the point of offerring Harrenhall to LF. If LF believed Tyrion he wouldn't tell the Queen because he obviously wanted Harenhall. If he had some doubts he wouldn't tell the Queen because of suspicions. In both cases such teasing would just make LF angry. So what Tyrion has achieved?
2005	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-19	Does he?The episode made me thinking what was the point of offerring Harrenhall to LF. If LF believed Tyrion he wouldn't tell the Queen because he obviously wanted Harenhall. If he had some doubts he wouldn't tell the Queen because of suspicions. In both cases such teasing would just make LF angry. So what Tyrion has achieved?Tyrion doesn't expect to figure out everything about Pycelle, Baelish, and Varys from his meetings. He's just testing the waters to see what's underneath. Tyrion discovers that Pycelle is a simply stooge for Cersei when Pycelle lies to Tyrion and informs Cersei of their private meeting. Tyrio also discovers that the other men aren't simple stooges for Cersei, because Cersei's reaction indicates that she didnt get information from them about Myrcella.The fact that Varys and Baelish don't run off to Cersei doesnt mean that they are trustworthy at all. And it doesnt mean that Tyrion 'played them' either. It just means that they aren't pawns of Cersei like Pycelle is. That makes Baelish and Varys more useful for Tyrion. He's found intelligent people that he can work with, and he doesnt have to worry about things automatically being parroted back to his sister.But Tyrion would realize that Baelish and Varys are also more likely to be dangerous in the long run. Either they both realized that Tyrion was just making a ploy, and they played along. Or else they are capable of making plans and keeping things quiet from the queen and her informers. And willing to ship off the pricess, despite the queen's wishes. That's a potential death sentence if they are discovered to be hiding it from Cersei. Either way it shows significant political skill from both men, making them useful but potentially dangerous allies.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 19 April 2012 - 10:31 AM.
2006	Nakraal	2012-04-19	Yes but Tyrion:
A.  makes a request from Pycelle and gives nothing back -> Pycelle tells the Queen.
B. makes a request from LF and gives Harrenhall -> If LF where going to tell the Queen, he now doesn't. If he does there goes Harrenhall.
In other words he makes the same move to both of them, but only gives LF a motive not to tell.
C.  Regarding Varys: Tyrion is sure that he is not a pawn of the Queen and even if he is, he is too smart to give out his true nature that easily. The Theon bethrothal scene could never happen, I guess it was made for symetric purposes.
					
					
							Edited by Nakraal, 19 April 2012 - 01:29 PM.
2007	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-19	Yes but Tyrion:A.  makes a request from Pycelle and gives nothing back -> Pycelle tells the Queen.B. makes a request from LF and gives Harrenhall -> If LF where going to tell the Queen, he now doesn't. If he does there goes Harrenhall.In other words he makes the same move to both of them, but only gives LF a motive not to tell.C.  Regarding Varys: Tyrion is sure that he is not a pawn of the Queen and even if he is, he is too smart to give out his true nature that easily. The Theon bethrothal scene could never happen, I guess it was made for symetric purposes.Baelish isnt offerered Harrenhall up front. It's only after Pycell has already brought the plan to the queen that Baelish argues with Tyrion. Tyrion then retaliates with the Harrenhall offer.Besides, Pycell is a maester and can't be given lands and rewards like a lord is. Nor should the hand of the king have to offer a bribe to the council's maester. He should execute the hand's order by rights. He goes to Cersei out of either loyalty or fear, but either way it achieve's Tyrion's goal of revealing a traitor.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 19 April 2012 - 03:00 PM.
2008	Nakraal	2012-04-19	I was just saying that Tyrion cannot have a safe conclusion reg LF being a creature of the Queen or not if he bribes him.
Would Tyrion have to bribe LF every time he wants him to do something?
And can he be sure that LF wouldn't tell the Queen when he is asked to do something if he is not bribed?
If he is sure then that means that he knew beforehand that he is to be trusted regarding this and no "checking" was needed.
2009	James Arryn	2012-04-19	I was just saying that Tyrion cannot have a safe conclusion reg LF being a creature of the Queen or not if he bribes him.Sure he can.IF he's sure its one of those 3, and he only offers LF a bribe, he'll know for sure one way or another.Because if no one tells Cersei, he knows its LF AND he knows how to keep LF on his side.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 19 April 2012 - 04:26 PM.
2010	Alexius	2012-04-20	Because if no one tells Cersei, he knows its LF AND he knows how to keep LF on his side.No, he doesn't.1. It's naive to assume that one of the three always tells Cercei and other two never do that. Littlefinger and Varys obviously would inform Cercei if they were sure that it would benefit them. Pycell could keep his mouth shout if he believed that it's better to serve Tywin through Tyrion and not Cercei.So if no one tells it doesn't mean anything.2. Harenhall and Riverlands are one time deal and it's a very big deal. LF isn't stupid to be teased by it again and again.
2011	Nakraal	2012-04-20	Exactly that.
Unless Tyrion wanted them to believe that he believes they are to be trusted.
2012	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-20	I was just saying that Tyrion cannot have a safe conclusion reg LF being a creature of the Queen or not if he bribes him.Would Tyrion have to bribe LF every time he wants him to do something?And can he be sure that LF wouldn't tell the Queen when he is asked to do something if he is not bribed?If he is sure then that means that he knew beforehand that he is to be trusted regarding this and no "checking" was needed.The ruse wasn't about finding out who is 'safe' or trustworthy. Rather, the ruse is used in hopes of seeing who is explicitly loyal to Cersei above all else, and therefore needs to be eliminated from the council. As I explained above, just because someone doesnt go to the queen it doesnt make that person trustworthy. But it does show that it's a person that has potential for Tyrion to work with, so he doesnt have to be eliminated immediately.In no case should Tyrion assume that anyone is safe to work with on the small council.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 20 April 2012 - 07:50 AM.
2013	Trinket2	2012-04-21	It was nicely done. I've been a bit worried that Tyrion's cunning side hasn't been shown enough, and I'm glad they kept this scene in the show.
The only problem was the Myrcella+Theon proposal, but meh, I'm willing to overlook that.
This was probably one of my favorite episodes so far, just because of this scene.
2014	Envie	2012-04-21	At the end of the test, I don't think Tyrion really cares if LF and Varys believed the offer he was making. What he cared about was getting rid of the least reliable pawn in the game, and that was Pycelle. I think he even had a suspicioun it was Pycelle anyways and that he's not nearly in the same league as the other two as far as craftiness. What he offered up to Varys, impossible as it was, may have been on purpose because he wants Varys to think he's more foolish politically than he really is. With LF there's never been any question that it was the offer of Harenhal that clinched it. He could have offered the moon as the deal and Littlefinger would still consider it.
If it seemed implausible for a match with Theon Greyjoy to work, then all the more reason to give the lease valid offer to Varys because of course Varys knows everything via his spy network.
2015	LordMarani	2012-04-21	Honestly, I don't think theres any lore reason why Tyrion told Varys the Greyjoy marriage plan.
It was simply a show reason: They focus on only using very few names of characters not introduced yet or probably not remembered.
The dinner table scene had the purpose to re-establish who Myrcella is for non-readers, and Tommen was probably let out of the story to avoid confusion. He will probably get more focus once Myrcella is sent to Dorne.
And for the three stories, they already used one House that wasn't shown yet (Dorne), Lysa and the Vale are well known from S1 (LF even repeated parts of the story so people remember), and the Greyjoys got a lot of focus in these past episodes, so the writers changed Tyrions Story to Varys to use a House that is well known, even if it makes little sense plot-wise.
They just try to keep the number of characters and locations down so non-readers are not overwhelmed.
2016	Planetary	2012-04-22	The best part was the way Varys started the scene by gleefully saying how much he loved it when conversations began that way, and then fell into a look of disgust & disappointment when he heard Tyrion say "Theon Greyjoy". I interpreted that as him immediately figuring out what game Tyrion was playing, and being almost insulted that anyone could think he would fall for it. If I recall correctly, when they cut to Tyrion, he had an odd look on his face, too, as if he realized Varys was on to him. This is all subject to interpretation, but I'm pretty sure that's how the scene was played.I friggin' love Varys. And Tyrion. But we see so little of Varys, that his scenes always stick out to me.Most definitely. And after the disgust and disappointment, he had an amused look on his face. Varys definitely knew what was up.
2017	a shadow	2012-04-16	New episode, new riddles /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />We were shown Mormont knew Craster was giving children away to the Others. For years. Why did he not tell Eddard Stark? Why was the deserter we've seen beheaded in season 1 called "a madman"?Bran "Old Nan used to tell me stories". Did she die? That is not a mistake pin intself, but my heartache is grevious.What do you think? Were there more such things?
2018	Raylan Stark	2012-04-16	The actress who played Old Nan passed away so I'm guessing they're just quietly letting the character slip away.
Mormont knew Craster was sacrificing his sons to his "gods."  I'm not sure anyone knows it's the Others he's giving them to.
2019	Mulled Wino	2012-04-16	New episode, new riddles /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />We were shown Mormont knew Craster was giving children away to the Others. For years. Why did he not tell Eddard Stark? Why was the deserter we've seen beheaded in season 1 called "a madman"?Bran "Old Nan used to tell me stories". Did she die? That is not a mistake pin intself, but my heartache is grevious.What do you think? Were there more such things?The Watch couldn't afford to ruin the relationship they've cultivated with Craster over the years.  The guy was playing all sides, but all sides needed him.  I'm sure the watch suspected it was Other, but wasn't 100% sure.
2020	Xtopher	2012-04-16	Mormont knows its an Other. Jon tells him that he saw a "thing" taking the baby and Mormont says "whatever it was, im sure youÂ´ll see it again" so definitely Mormont knows its not a "god offering", its an offering to the Others.
2021	Xtopher	2012-04-16	@Free Shadow:
What is Arya suposed to be doing in that GIF Avatar of yours? just wondering.
2022	Thorny Issues	2012-04-16	New episode, new riddles /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />We were shown Mormont knew Craster was giving children away to the Others. For years. Why did he not tell Eddard Stark? Why was the deserter we've seen beheaded in season 1 called "a madman"?He doesn't say that he knew about Craster sacrificing to the Others for years. Its just as likely that he knew Craster killed his boys (by exposing/sacrificing them). Now he knows about the Others' return, he puts two and two together...
2023	kungtotte	2012-04-16	Yeah, they knew something was very wrong, but it's not their place to go snooping around so they just looked the other way.ETAThat avatar is from the first episode of season one, where the King and Queen arrive to Winterfell. Arya put on the helmet so she could sneak into the crowds to watch them. The gif is when she's pushing through the crowds.
					
					
							Edited by kungtotte, 16 April 2012 - 11:36 AM.
2024	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	New episode, new riddles /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />We were shown Mormont knew Craster was giving children away to the Others. For years. Why did he not tell Eddard Stark? Why was the deserter we've seen beheaded in season 1 called "a madman"?Bran "Old Nan used to tell me stories". Did she die? That is not a mistake pin intself, but my heartache is grevious.What do you think? Were there more such things?Why would he tell Stark?  Or anyone?  What happens North of the wall stays North of the Wall - as he said to Jon, many NH brothers owe Craster their lives for being able to use his house as a stopping over point@Free Shadow:What is Arya suposed to be doing in that GIF Avatar of yours? just wondering.It is from the introduction to Arya in S1 when the Robert is approaching Winterfell.
2025	Tourniquet	2012-04-16	Mormont doesn't answer to Stark, a deserter is a deserter even if they saw a wight/Other
2026	chris999	2012-04-16	It is just the age old problem of adapting huge books into movies. We just have to learn to deal with it, because it is better than not having this amazing TV show.
Sometimes you just have to let it go, and enjoy the show.
2027	a shadow	2012-04-16	Mormont knows its an Other. Jon tells him that he saw a "thing" taking the baby and Mormont says "whatever it was, im sure youÂ´ll see it again" so definitely Mormont knows its not a "god offering", its an offering to the Others.This. Very much so.The actress who played Old Nan passed away so I'm guessing they're just quietly letting the character slip away.Oh, I did not know that. I'm really sorry.Why would he tell Stark?  Or anyone?  What happens North of the wall stays North of the Wall - as he said to Jon, many NH brothers owe Craster their lives for being able to use his house as a stopping over pointWell, why he would make out the deserter to be "a madman"? And it seemed that he was eager to inform the realm about the wights, ask for help, so why not inform Ned Stark, that in his very neighbourhood the White Walkers are walking? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2028	Xtopher	2012-04-16	ETAThat avatar is from the first episode of season one, where the King and Queen arrive to Winterfell. Arya put on the helmet so she could sneak into the crowds to watch them. The gif is when she's pushing through the crowds.Arya appears to be grabbing something from that personÂ´s back. i thought maight something odd he caught from the show. nvm.
2029	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	I'm not sold on Mormont knowing it was an Other, specifically.  I just rewatched the scene on HBOgo to be sure, but Jon talked about how Craster was murdering his Children, and Mormont knew that they were sacrifices to 'crueler gods'.  I think Mormont didn't know exactly what Craster did to his sons, and didn't want to know.
Until Jon said "I saw...something" the entire conversation was geared towards them (Mormont specifically) talking as if he kids were being murdered, by Craster or otherwise; there was no mention of anything possibly being Others.  Now that Mormont knows that the White Walkers have returned, I don't think there is any way he would stand for Craster offering his sons to them, if he knew specifically that was happening.
2030	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-16	The actress who played Old Nan passed away so I'm guessing they're just quietly letting the character slip away.In fact, D&D confirmed in a recent interview that out of respect for Margaret John, they had made the decision that the character had passed away as well for the purposes of the series, so Bran's use of past tense wasn't a continuity error from the show's perspective.
2031	Crown	2012-04-16	I didn't know about Old Nan's actress, but honestly, her series character has a better faith than the one in the books.
2032	Morrigan	2012-04-16	In fact, D&D confirmed in a recent interview that out of respect for Margaret John, they had made the decision that the character had passed away as well for the purposes of the series, so Bran's use of past tense wasn't a continuity error from the show's perspective.Awwww. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Well, I can understand that, but I'll miss Old Nan. <3
2033	Tadco26	2012-04-16	This is the way it happened in the books:Jon says:"He gives his sons to the wood."A long silence.  Then: "Yes." And "Yes," the raven muttered, strutting. "Yes, yes, yes""You knew?""Smallwood told me.  Long ago.  All the rangers know, though few will talk of it.""Did my uncle know?""All the rangers," Mormont repeated.  "You think I ought to stop him.  Kill him if need be."The Old Bear sighed.  "Were it only that he wished to rid himself of some mouths, I'd gladly send Yoren or Conwys to collect the boys.  We could raise them to the black and the Watch would be that much stronger.  But the wildlings serve crueler gods than you or I.  These boys are Craster's offerings.  His prayers, if you will."His wives must offer different prayers, Jon thought."How is it you came to know this?" the Old Bear asked him.  "From one of Craster's wives?""Yes, my lord," Jon confessed.  "I would sooner not tell you which.  She was frightened and wanted help.""The wide world is full of people wanting help, Jon.  Would that some could find the courage to help themselves.  Craster sprawls in his loft even now, stinking of wine and lost to sense.  On his board below lies a sharp new axe.  Were it me, I'd name it "Answered Prayer" and make an end."Yes.  Jon thought of Gilly.  She and her sisters.  They were nineteen, and Craster was one, but..."Yet it would be an ill day for us if Craster died.  Your uncle could tell you of the times Craster's Keep made the difference between life and death for our rangers.""My father..." He hesitated."Go on Jon.  Say what you would say.""My father once told me that some men are not worth having," Jon finished.  "A bannerman who is brutal or unjust dishonors his liege lord as well as himself.""Craster is his own man.  He has sworn no vows.  Nor is he the subject to our laws.  Your heart is noble, Jon, but learn a lesson here.  We cannot set the world to rights.  That is not our purpose.  The Night's Watch has other wars to fight."The book version definitely didn't say that the ranger's knew why Craster was sacrificing to the woods.  But Gilly did give more specific hints than Mormont did.  She told Jon:"The cold gods," she said.  "The ones in the night.  The white shadows."And suddenly Jon was back in the Lord Commander's Tower again.  A severed hand was climbing his calf and when he pried it off with the point of his longsword, it lay writhing, fingers opening and closing.  The dead man rose to his feet, blue eyes shining in the gashed and swollen face.  Ropes of torn flesh hung from the great wound in his belly, yet there was no blood."What color are their eyes?" he asked her."Blue.  As bright as blue stars, and as cold."She has seen them, he thought.  Craster lied.It's pretty clear that they were all surprised when the wight attacked Jon and Mormont in the Lord Commander's tower.  So it seems most likely that they just thought Craster was killing the babies himself or the elements and animals were killing them as part of a sacrifice, rather than giving them to the Others.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 16 April 2012 - 03:31 PM.
2034	DannySpud	2012-04-16	I really don't think that Mormont knows Craster was sacrificing to the Others. Mormont doesn't know they are back, and wouldn't let Craster strengthen them if he did. He probably just thinks that Craster believes the sacrifices bring him luck and safety and that at worst he's giving them to wildlings.
2035	a shadow	2012-04-16	I really don't think that Mormont knows Craster was sacrificing to the Others. Mormont doesn't know they are back, and wouldn't let Craster strengthen them if he did. He probably just thinks that Craster believes the sacrifices bring him luck and safety and that at worst he's giving them to wildlings.How do you all explain Mormont's "Whatever you saw, you'll see it again" and understanding between him and Jon?
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 16 April 2012 - 04:48 PM.
2036	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	I was disappointed that they didn't have Ghost come to help Jon.  I have no idea how CGI works so maybe it's prohibitively expensive to use more than one CGI animal in every show.  But it certainly was odd and felt like a plot hole.
2037	Envie	2012-04-16	We were shown Mormont knew Craster was giving children away to the Others. For years. Why did he not tell Eddard Stark? Why was the deserter we've seen beheaded in season 1 called "a madman"?Mormont would not get involved with Ned Stark's management of his lands and Lord's duties. And at the end of the day, the bottom line is the deserter was beheaded because he ran away from the Night's Watch - so regardless of his reasons, he broke his vows and that's the punishment. I doubt Mormont would plead for the man's life on the premise that "perhaps he's telling the truth" about the Others. It's speculation at that point of the story.Also, like others have mentioned, its not entirely clear if Mormont knows for a fact its an 'Other' who took the baby. Yes, Mormont has definitely known for years what Craster has done with his sons and admits that to Jon but doesn't state any obvious acknowledgement of what exactly it is that takes the baby - because maybe he doubts it himself yet. He's afraid of it... they're all afraid of it. They know the stories and they've seen the re-animated wights firsthand (hahah HAND, what a pun!). But there's no definite confirmation - yet.
2038	TheWanderer	2012-04-16	How do you all explain Mormont's "Whatever you saw, you'll see it again" and understanding between him and Jon?It seems to me that the Night's Watch doesn't realize the White Walkers are returning, or else they are refusing to realize it. Regardless though, Mormont knows there's stuff in the woods that isn't human, the wights in his bedroom are proof enough of that, and it seems pretty clear by this point in the ranging that something bad is going down. Mormont puts two and two together and figures: Wildings disappearing + Mystery figure in the woods = More than one and a high probability of seeing one again. He doesn't have to know what it is to know there'll be more.
2039	Azerate	2012-04-17	How do you all explain Mormont's "Whatever you saw, you'll see it again" and understanding between him and Jon?It could, but doesn't necessarily refer to the others. This remark might just as well comment on various other, weird/non human beings which could be found behind the wall. I think Night's Watch was visiting Craster's house for years whilst others just re-appeared recently. Correct me if I'm wrong but we don't even know from the book whether he was sacrificing his sons directly to others or just killing them in some sick rite to one of wildlings old gods.
2040	Black Crow	2012-04-17	How do you all explain Mormont's "Whatever you saw, you'll see it again" and understanding between him and Jon?Wonderfully ambiguous.Mormont already knows about the White Walkers and in his conversation with Tyrion in AGoT very matter of factly refers to them being seen near Eastwatch, but is Mormont saying Jon will see the White Walkers again or is he saying Jon will see the baby again? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2041	Greywolf2375	2012-04-17	I was disappointed that they didn't have Ghost come to help Jon.  I have no idea how CGI works so maybe it's prohibitively expensive to use more than one CGI animal in every show.  But it certainly was odd and felt like a plot hole.Not really - Ghost isn't always at Jon's side, his brothers even make comments about that.
2042	episodenone	2012-04-17	Wonderfully ambiguous.Mormont already knows about the White Walkers and in his conversation with Tyrion in AGoT very matter of factly refers to them being seen near Eastwatch, but is Mormont saying Jon will see the White Walkers again or is he saying Jon will see the baby again? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />"Wonderfully Ambiguous" works for me.Those of us who have obviously read the books are privy to so much more than someone watching the series fresh -- which is what we have to remember.For us - it's an interesting discussion.  For the rest - it's an incredibly difficult to grasp quandry that Mormont found himself in.  To kill Craster or not to?  Obviously a tough decision on several levels.
2043	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	It seems to me that the Night's Watch doesn't realize the White Walkers are returning, or else they are refusing to realize it. Regardless though, Mormont knows there's stuff in the woods that isn't human, the wights in his bedroom are proof enough of that, and it seems pretty clear by this point in the ranging that something bad is going down. Mormont puts two and two together and figures: Wildings disappearing + Mystery figure in the woods = More than one and a high probability of seeing one again. He doesn't have to know what it is to know there'll be more.This first statemenet is a constant souce of infuriation to me as I read all of the novels.  I understand more the Southron's point of view of making fun of grumpkins of whatever but the NW's refusal to acknowledge and adjust their actions after all they see and hear (including Mel/Stannis/John/Sam's experiences) makes me nuts.
2044	JayDubya	2012-04-17	It could be that Mormont realizes in the moment when Jon tells him what Jon saw, and what that means.
In other words:
before episode 3:  Mormont thought that Craster sacrificed his sons to the cold & death as prayers.
during/after episode 3:  Mormont suddenly realizes that Craster sacrifices his sons to the Others
2045	Maester Nikolas	2012-04-17	Forgot about Mormont knowing- I just want to know what in Seven Hells the Others do with those kids!
2046	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Forgot about Mormont knowing- I just want to know what in Seven Hells the Others do with those kids!They serve drinks at poker games....
2047	Tadco26	2012-04-17	It's implied that perhaps they eat them.  Gilly said:
"He gives the boys to the gods.  Come the white cold, he does, and of late it comes more often.  That's why he started giving them sheep, even though he has a taste for mutton.  Only now the now the sheep's gone too.  Next it will be the dogs, til..."  She lowered her eyes and stroked her belly.
2048	TheWanderer	2012-04-17	This first statemenet is a constant souce of infuriation to me as I read all of the novels.  I understand more the Southron's point of view of making fun of grumpkins of whatever but the NW's refusal to acknowledge and adjust their actions after all they see and hear (including Mel/Stannis/John/Sam's experiences) makes me nuts.Well, in fairness to the NW, the institution is something like 8000 years divorced from its founding principle. Further people have a hard time changing, Bowden Marsh's treatment of Jon shows that much at least. So the fact that old men would not want to accept that demons are real, and would thus not act as though they were real, is totally believable for me and indeed I think its the most likely response. And while the reader has plenty of solid evidence that the White Walkers are real, many of the brothers don't: They have the visions of a foreigner, the tales of a terrified teenager and a deserter and the myths of their sworn enemies. There's not really any reason to accept those things, particularly if they would fundamentally alter your world view.
2049	Jayaris	2012-04-17	If Ghost was there Craster wouldn't of got the jump on Jon and Craster probably would've been severely injured/killed also giving Jon the opportunity to engage the WW. I think it's obvious why Ghost wasn't there..
2050	Nebmai	2012-04-17	Wonderfully ambiguous.Mormont already knows about the White Walkers and in his conversation with Tyrion in AGoT very matter of factly refers to them being seen near Eastwatch, but is Mormont saying Jon will see the White Walkers again or is he saying Jon will see the baby again?  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />The way Mormont says it does leave room for interpretation; clearly the Walker was picking up the child and didn't seem intent on harming it immediately, I'm glad they keep up the mystery factor for the more magical fantasy side of show.Tickles my mind thinking about wtf would they do with the babe; unless they show takes a huge jump from the books we won't know, at least not for loooong time.
					
					
							Edited by Nebmai, 17 April 2012 - 01:41 PM.
2051	Envie	2012-04-17	This first statemenet is a constant souce of infuriation to me as I read all of the novels.  I understand more the Southron's point of view of making fun of grumpkins of whatever but the NW's refusal to acknowledge and adjust their actions after all they see and hear (including Mel/Stannis/John/Sam's experiences) makes me nuts.Well now wait a minute, you're taking things out of sequence here. Until the two NW men came back as corpses who then reanimated as wights, there had been very little physical evidence to support proof that the Others were out there up to that point in the story. The only other 'proof' we've had was at the very beginning of Game of Thrones and that man was beheaded by Ned Stark for being a deserter plus they thought he was crazy in the head. The wildlings have said it, but you have to remember the low regard the Night's Watch has of the wildlings as that's been their only real enemy for generations on the wall. Rangers have disappeared on scouting missions (Benjen Stark) and one at another post watch said he'd seen one, but as there hadn't been any true evidence (such as attacks or dead bodies etc) there was no way for Mormont or anyone to confirm the existence of the White Walkers in any way those south of the wall would believe. Sending Alliser Thorne to KL with the wight's animated hand was supposed to be the first evidence Mormont could put forward.Later in the books, once Mormont and his crew north of the wall are chased, attacked and killed by Others, its now perfectly obvious without a doubt they do exist.So I will defend 'TheWander's' statement: "It seems to me that the Night's Watch doesn't realize the White Walkers are returning, or else they are refusing to realize it. "I think its true the Night's Watch has not fully come to grips with the reality of the White Walkers returning from legend status of thousands of years ago - at this point in the story. The bits you're referring to, with Sam, and later Melisandre/Stannis etc. have not happened yet in the series. 
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 17 April 2012 - 02:20 PM.
2052	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-17	It is known, Khalessi
2053	sarah.jenice	2012-04-17	It's implied that perhaps they eat them.  Gilly said:"He gives the boys to the gods.  Come the white cold, he does, and of late it comes more often.  That's why he started giving them sheep, even though he has a taste for mutton.  Only now the now the sheep's gone too.  Next it will be the dogs, til..."  She lowered her eyes and stroked her belly.I don't think they eat them because in A Storm of Swords, when Sam takes Gilly, the other wives say the sons are coming, which makes it seem like they are still living beings of some sort.
2054	White Raven	2012-04-17	I don't think they eat them because in A Storm of Swords, when Sam takes Gilly, the other wives say the sons are coming, which makes it seem like they are still living beings of some sort.So the sheep and dogs and get zombified too?
2055	Envie	2012-04-17	I don't think they eat them because in A Storm of Swords, when Sam takes Gilly, the other wives say the sons are coming, which makes it seem like they are still living beings of some sort.This. I remember that scene. All hell has broken loose in the keep - Mormont and Craster are both dead and most of the Night's Watch are scattered or trying to figure out what to do next. The wives are petrified because they say the sons are coming (maybe they're turned into wights too?).They force Sam to take Gilly and the baby with him because the sons are coming to take the baby.
2056	Lyana	2012-04-17	I think  the scene at the end of episode two was added to bring some more tension to the storyline of the NW.
I liked it, when episode 3 started from the end of the previous one - that kept the story intact in some sort of way.
I actually didn't expect anything significant to happen after Craster found Jon sniffing around, aside from what actually happend - the NW leaving the keep.
That would have been way too big divergency from the original story.
Can't wait to see how the NW plotline moves on in the future episodes.
2057	Iron Captain	2012-04-17	It's implied that perhaps they eat them.  Gilly said:"He gives the boys to the gods.  Come the white cold, he does, and of late it comes more often.  That's why he started giving them sheep, even though he has a taste for mutton.  Only now the now the sheep's gone too.  Next it will be the dogs, til..."  She lowered her eyes and stroked her belly.I think that means that Craster enjoys mutton, not that the Others do.  She is saying that he sacrificed his sheep even though he enjoys the mutton.  But I agree your right its odd that he would give his sheep, then dogs, then sons.
2058	Hyper	2012-04-17	So the sheep and dogs and get zombified too?Why not? It is certainly possible. We know they Others can 'whight' dead animals as well as humans.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 17 April 2012 - 09:24 PM.
2059	Tadco26	2012-04-18	I think that means that Craster enjoys mutton, not that the Others do.  She is saying that he sacrificed his sheep even though he enjoys the mutton.  But I agree your right its odd that he would give his sheep, then dogs, then sons.Yes, I agree that the line was talking about Craster enjoying mutton, but still it seems the animal sacrifices would be more likely to be eaten (the wights ate sam's horse after he escapes Small Paul, and when undead Small Paul attacks Sam and Gilly, Gilly says: "He's come for the babe," Gilly wept.  "He smells him.  A babe fresh-born stinks o' life.  He's come for the life."I always took the sons of Craster comment to be just their name for the wights/others, not literally his sons.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 18 April 2012 - 01:36 PM.
2060	sarah.jenice	2012-04-18	So the sheep and dogs and get zombified too?I have no idea. I was just pointing out what is believed by the wives and stated in the book.It is possible since we know the Others ride on dead horses.
2061	Envie	2012-04-18	Maybe they feed the sheep to the sons? Maybe they're somehow raising these babies up to be part of their undead army? Surely no one thinks they take the babies and eat them - what point would that be to an Other, they are not creatures that require food as far as I know and what good is eating little babies when they could just eat the adults if that's what they did with them?Sure, they can kill wildlings and convert them to wights as well but they seem like semi-mindless and not controllable. None of these crazy theories seem to make any sense at all.
2062	The Non-Human	2012-04-18	Maybe they feed the sheep to the sons? Maybe they're somehow raising these babies up to be part of their undead army? Surely no one thinks they take the babies and eat them - what point would that be to an Other, they are not creatures that require food as far as I know and what good is eating little babies when they could just eat the adults if that's what they did with them?We know precious little about Others. Also, have you ever seen anyn zombie movie/book? Probably same reason. They might also eat them, as Gilly said, for the 'life', or the warmth. Perhaps they want to literally 'taste' life.
2063	Envie	2012-04-18	We know precious little about Others. Also, have you ever seen anyn zombie movie/book? Probably same reason. They might also eat them, as Gilly said, for the 'life', or the warmth. Perhaps they want to literally 'taste' life.Ok, we may not know the eating habits of the Others, but we do know the Others are not the same thing as a wight, right? The wights are what happens when the Others kill a human and it becomes a semi-coherent mindless zombie like thing after death. Both wights and the Others have blue eyes, but its very different in appearance. One is supposed to have some sort of magical mystical appearance while the wights have a cold dead blue eye look. I'm fairly certain the two are completely different.So what we have to figure out now, with that scene - was it a wight that picked up the baby or an Other? Many have complained it didn't 'look' like they imagined an Other to look...bulky, too shadowy, etc. and I even thought the thing had some sort of furs or clothing on, so at first I was confused. I have read non-readers who thought it was a wildling even. If it was a wight, I don't think it would be gentle or conscious of its actions that way... they seem more 'zombie' like whereas the Others are supposedly sentient beings.Also, back on the topic of the sons. Remember the wives urge Sam (in the later visit) to take Gilly and her newborn away because now that Craster is dead, the 'sons' will be coming soon... so I'm thinking these 'sons' are not babies or little boys, but grown men. Now whatever kind of 'men' that may be is debatable. Wights? How did they get that way if they were babies when Craster set them out for sacrifice?So many mysteries!
2064	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Yes, good and chewy mysteries. I've always wondered about the sons coming too. Somehow I think that there will be something pretty cool involved.
The big clue about it being an other picking up the baby was that the ice cracking voices were heard just like in episode 1.
Another thought: with the amount of ignorance about the Others, the KW might not have any firm idea about how people become wights.
2065	Nebmai	2012-04-18	To me what Jon saw picking up the baby looked like the Others from from the beginning of episode one.  It looked too coordinated to be a Wight, plus it didn't really look like just a frozen undead person.
It seemed like it was semi - gingerly picking it up to carry it off, my gut tells me for some kind of dark magic purpose; maybe some kind of ritual sacrifice where they draw power from its young life force, maybe somehow they can raise it to be a servant or transform it to an Other; I doubt we'll ever find our for sure.
2066	Envie	2012-04-18	To me what Jon saw picking up the baby looked like the Others from from the beginning of episode one.  It looked too coordinated to be a Wight, plus it didn't really look like just a frozen undead person.It seemed like it was semi - gingerly picking it up to carry it off, my gut tells me for some kind of dark magic purpose; maybe some kind of ritual sacrifice where they draw power from its young life force, maybe somehow they can raise it to be a servant or transform it to an Other; I doubt we'll ever find our for sure.I agree that it was probably meant to be an Other and not a wight because the wights seem like mindless killing machines. I have also wondered if perhaps Craster's sons are actually used in a blood ritual that brings more Others to life somehow. If we compare that to some of the other 'blood magic' we already know about (such as Mirri Maz Duur's reanimation of Drogo and Melisandre's shadow 'babies') it definitely makes sense as a possible theory of what happens to Craster's sons once the Others take off with them. "Only Death can produce Life" seems to be the running theme..right?
2067	Nebmai	2012-04-19	If we compare that to some of the other 'blood magic' we already know about (such as Mirri Maz Duur's reanimation of Drogo and Melisandre's shadow 'babies') it definitely makes sense as a possible theory of what happens to Craster's sons once the Others take off with them. "Only Death can produce Life" seems to be the running theme..right?Yeah, with regards to what magic there is in the show; magic just seems to redirect or re-purpose energy as much as anything else.
2068	Tadco26	2012-04-19	Also, back on the topic of the sons. Remember the wives urge Sam (in the later visit) to take Gilly and her newborn away because now that Craster is dead, the 'sons' will be coming soon... so I'm thinking these 'sons' are not babies or little boys, but grown men. Now whatever kind of 'men' that may be is debatable. Wights? How did they get that way if they were babies when Craster set them out for sacrifice?So many mysteries!Yes, and we don't know if the comment literally means Craster's sons, or if that is just the name they gave the creatures, whether they were wights or Others.  Perhaps the wives have no idea what happens to the babes after Craster takes them, other than they never return.  Gilly also referred to the babes as sacrifices to the cold gods, but does anyone really believe they are gods?Regardless of whether the TV version was an Other, which is what it looked like to me at first glance, or a wight, that has minimal insight into what Craster's sons were in the books.  The scene was completely made up.  There have been several things in the show that completely contradict known facts in the books, so I don't look at the show really giving us more real insight there. I have considered the possibility that perhaps the babies are used to make new "others" though, which to me would make the most sense if they were literally supposed to be Craster's sons.  Either that or we will see a small army of undead babies attack the wall some time in the future, as I find it hard to imagine wights growing up from babies to adults.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 19 April 2012 - 11:20 AM.
2069	Leuf	2012-04-19	In the show Jon is not quite sure what he saw, so he and Mormont can have a discussion just about Craster sacrificing his sons and be very ambiguous about the rest.  In the book it's quite clear to Jon from what Gilly tells him that there is definitely a connection between what Craster is doing and the supernatural, even if he doesn't 100% understand it's the Others.  Even if Jon is that stupid, Mormont should be able to put it together.  Or Sam.  Yet he doesn't convey that information to Mormont at all, talking to him only about the sacrifice of the sons and sheep.  This is a pretty important piece of information that Jon manages to forget to pass on.  So the show dodges that aspect of the books.  In either case, Mormont is far more concerned about what Mance is up to than the wight attack.  A couple wights are no big deal once you know how to kill them.  Mance Rayder with an army of wildlings is a big problem.  But if Mormont is told the Others are running around in the forest around him, wouldn't he high tail it back to the Wall right then?  In the books Jon basically gets everyone killed because he doesn't pass that information on to his commander.  Then he gets promoted to commander.
If Mormont and all the rangers know that Craster is sacrificing the sons to the Others, then things make no sense at all.  The Night's Watch's whole problem in the early parts of the book is that they don't know what they are facing and then that they can't get anyone in authority to believe them when they do.  But if Mormont already knows, then Benjen knows.  Benjen can tell Ned, who will believe him.  Ned will tell Robert, who will believe him, and get a gleam in his eye at a chance to fight the mother of all battles.  So Mormont absolutely cannot know until after Benjen is missing at the earliest.
I prefer to think GRRM was just high when he wrote that chapter and forget about it.
2070	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-19	New episode, new riddles /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />We were shown Mormont knew Craster was giving children away to the Others. For years. Why did he not tell Eddard Stark? Why was the deserter we've seen beheaded in season 1 called "a madman"?Well, we were shown that Mormont knew Craster was abandoning his newborn sons in the forest. But Mormont has never actually seen an Other and doesn't know they exist - neither does Jon or any other living member of the Night's Watch at this point. The Night's Watch, along with the rest of the realm, believes the Others to be mythical. Bear in mind that there's a difference between the Others and the undead wights which rise from the corpses the Others leave - Mormont has seen the wights when Jon saved his life, and that was completely new to him.Also, what good would it do for Mormont (or Benjen Stark) to tell Eddard Stark about Craster exposing his newborn sons to the elements? Eddard Stark's lands and power don't extend north of the Wall.
					
					
							Edited by BoldAsYouPlease, 19 April 2012 - 01:00 PM.
2071	Nebmai	2012-04-19	No, in the books Jon and the rest of the NW does not know Craster is sacrificing his son's to the Others; in the show Jon didn't see the Others from episode 1, the only survivor who did had his head chopped off via Ned later in episode one.  So Jon really didn't know what he saw in the show, he only saw something for a second before Craster brained him good.In the books Jon finds out what the NW already knew, that Craster was sacrificing his sons the forest or the night or the elements or w/e you want to call it.  No one knew for sure it was to the Others, even if some might have suspected it.
2072	Lyeder	2012-04-19	I think that the Night Watch knew that Craster was not raising his sons and put them somehow to death (let them starve, e.g.). They were not investigating further.
But now, that they know that the Others are out again (remember also that White Walkers have not been seen for centuries before Book 1), the old bear (and Jon) puts things together and thinks Craster is sacrifying his sons to the Ohters without knowing exactly how and what becomes of them.
2073	Leuf	2012-04-19	In the books Jon finds out what the NW already knew, that Craster was sacrificing his sons the forest or the night or the elements or w/e you want to call it.  No one knew for sure it was to the Others, even if some might have suspected it.Jon most certainly does find out from Gilly.  The text from the book is already in this thread, but here you go again."The cold gods," she said. "The ones in the night. The white shadows."And suddenly Jon was back in the Lord Commander's Tower again. A severed hand was climbing his calf and when he pried it off with the point of his longsword, it lay writhing, fingers opening and closing. The dead man rose to his feet, blue eyes shining in the gashed and swollen face. Ropes of torn flesh hung from the great wound in his belly, yet there was no blood."What color are their eyes?" he asked her."Blue. As bright as blue stars, and as cold."She has seen them, he thought. Craster lied.But Jon completely leaves this part out of what he says to Mormont about it, so Mormont continues to think Craster is sacrificing his sons as a ritual type of thing and not that actual physical beings are coming for them.
2074	Envie	2012-04-19	No, in the books Jon and the rest of the NW does not know Craster is sacrificing his son's to the Others; in the show Jon didn't see the Others from episode 1, the only survivor who did had his head chopped off via Ned later in episode one.  So Jon really didn't know what he saw in the show, he only saw something for a second before Craster brained him good.In the books Jon finds out what the NW already knew, that Craster was sacrificing his sons the forest or the night or the elements or w/e you want to call it.  No one knew for sure it was to the Others, even if some might have suspected it.This. I am firmly in the camp that no one (other than the deserter Ned beheaded) has lived to report an actual sighting of an Other or an attack on Night's Watch men. Benjen has never returned, the two men brought back to the Wall became wights and they're not telling how they got that way, and the scene with Craster putting his son out in the snow and an Other picking it up while Jon watches never happened in the book.I've been trying to riddle it out in this thread and the other thread about "Crueler Gods" what the series producers could be thinking in changing the story and adding that scene. The only thing I can come up with is they want the Night's Watch to already know about the Others before they reach the Fist to expedite the storyline faster. Are they going to leave out the attack scene where Sam stabs an other with dragon glass? Are they going to jump forward to Jon's mission with Qoren Halfhand and leave out the other half of the story of what's happening with the Night's Watch at their Watch Post near Mance Rayder's giant camp?I'm just not sure what's going to happen but I'm sure they'll make it all blend together regardless of whether we now believe Mormont knew about the others or not. He certainly should believe it now for next episode.
2075	Catastrophy	2012-04-19	Jone thinks Craster is giving sons to Wights, not the Others. He remembered dead man that attack him, and that was Wight not Other.The dead man rose to his feet, blue eyes shining in the gashed and swollen face.
2076	Nebmai	2012-04-19	I didn't say John didn't find out from in Gilly in the books; in the show they just showed it happen rather then reveal it through dialogue, a decision that accomplished the same thing but did it differently for a different medium.Also Others have blue eyes in the show, assuming that was Others we saw at the beginning of episode one.
2077	Leuf	2012-04-19	Whether Jon thinks it's Others or Wights in the book, he still doesn't mention it to Mormont.  It's a vital piece of information that gets lost.  Jon knows something supernatural is actually taking the babies and nobody else in the NW does.
The show is better since Jon isn't really sure what he saw.
2078	Black Crow	2012-04-21	Well, we were shown that Mormont knew Craster was abandoning his newborn sons in the forest. But Mormont has never actually seen an Other and doesn't know they exist - neither does Jon or any other living member of the Night's Watch at this point. The Night's Watch, along with the rest of the realm, believes the Others to be mythical.Ah, but as he hinted in the episode, Mormont does know about White Walkers as revealed in AGoT Tyrion:3:"I tell you my lord, the darkness is coming. There are wild things in the woods, direwolves and mammoths, and snow bears the size of aurochs, I have seen darker shapes in my dreams""In your dreams," Tyrion echoed, thinking how badly he needed another strong drink.Mormont was deaf to the edge in his voice. "The fisherfolk near Eastwatch have glimpsed white walkers on the shore."This time Tyrion could not hold his tongue. "The fisherfolk of Lannisport often glimpse merlings.""Denys Mallister writes that the mountain people are moving south, slipping past the Shadow Tower in numbers greater than before. They are running, my lord... but running from what?" Lord Mormont moved to the window and stared out into the night. "These are old bones, Lannister, but they have never felt a chill like this. Tell the king what I say, I pray you. Winter is coming, and when the Long Night falls, only the Nights Watch will stand between the realm and the darkness that sweeps from the north."
2079	Envie	2012-04-22	Ah, but as he hinted in the episode, Mormont does know about White Walkers as revealed in AGoT Tyrion:3:"I tell you my lord, the darkness is coming. There are wild things in the woods, direwolves and mammoths, and snow bears the size of aurochs, I have seen darker shapes in my dreams""In your dreams," Tyrion echoed, thinking how badly he needed another strong drink.Mormont was deaf to the edge in his voice. "The fisherfolk near Eastwatch have glimpsed white walkers on the shore."This time Tyrion could not hold his tongue. "The fisherfolk of Lannisport often glimpse merlings.""Denys Mallister writes that the mountain people are moving south, slipping past the Shadow Tower in numbers greater than before. They are running, my lord... but running from what?" Lord Mormont moved to the window and stared out into the night. "These are old bones, Lannister, but they have never felt a chill like this. Tell the king what I say, I pray you. Winter is coming, and when the Long Night falls, only the Nights Watch will stand between the realm and the darkness that sweeps from the north."Thanks for quoting the book, I always appreciate when we can compare written text from Martin vs. changes or hints in the series. While the two are distinctly different and I am no way a book purist who believes the HBO show should match exactly (its not even logistically or financially possible) - I do appreciate finding common themes from the book to the show that while played out differently, still match the essential plot.I agree that Mormont is probably 99% certain the White Walkers are awake again even if he hasn't personally seen one at this point. There's been plenty of evidence leadiing up to it. But the point of contention many keep arguing is whether or not Mormont knew Craster was giving his baby sons to the Others or someone else, or he didn't know at all about it. In the series, though Jon never says "White Walker" - its implied and Mormont's response stating the wildlings 'serve crueler gods' is also implying the Others. I think the message delivered in the show is fairly clear - Mormont's known about the sacrifices Craster does and he has turned a blind eye to it either out of necessity or because the Night's Watch has not previously concerned itself with the practices or habits of any wildlings unless its to defend the wall from attacks.
2080	Planetary	2012-04-22	Mormont knows its an Other. Jon tells him that he saw a "thing" taking the baby and Mormont says "whatever it was, im sure youÂ´ll see it again" so definitely Mormont knows its not a "god offering", its an offering to the Others. That doesn't mean he knows it's a White Walker or a wight. North of the wall has all sorts of weird creatures. That's a logical fallacy, like saying, "If it isn't a fox, then it must be a chupacabra!"Anyway, the main purpose of the Night's Watch is to protect the realm from White Walkers. With that in mind, plus the fact that they just got attacked by two wights, it's unlikely Mormont would be so casual about it. Those things are the reason they went on the mass ranging in the first place.
2081	Xtopher	2012-04-16	First of all i dont actually recall how it is in the books, 
but according to what i know, wasnt Theon supposed to be drowned in that ceremony at the shores of Pyke rather than being sprinkled with water? 
And If they actually changed it, why do you think they did it? cerainly it wasnt a budget issue. Maybe it might have been a bit too dramatic to actually drown him? 
Finally, do you think that was Aeron Damphair performing the ceremony?
2082	Aegnor	2012-04-16	I don't remember him being drowned. In fact, I think the ceremony happened when he first arrived on Pike. Aeron poured salt water from his water-skin over Theon's head. I remember reading somewhere that producers have said that that is not Aeron. Likely they don't want to cast him this early, when he won't show up again for 3 years IRL time.
2083	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-16	Isn't the drowning (as in actual drowning and "resurrection") more of a ritual to introduce someone into the servitude of the Drowned God as a Drowned Man?
2084	Ser Hippie	2012-04-16	Aeron comments in AFFC that he's frustrated/angry that so many of the Ironborn are content with the type of ceremony shown on screen as opposed to a real drowning, for what it's worth.
2085	Greywolf2375	2012-04-16	First of all i dont actually recall how it is in the books,but according to what i know, wasnt Theon supposed to be drowned in that ceremony at the shores of Pyke rather than being sprinkled with water?And If they actually changed it, why do you think they did it? cerainly it wasnt a budget issue. Maybe it might have been a bit too dramatic to actually drown him?Finally, do you think that was Aeron Damphair performing the ceremony?He kneels in the water and is sprinkled with water from Damphair, he doesn't get dunked in the books.  I think it was their homage to Damphair, not sure if they have him playing a full part in the show
2086	Tourniquet	2012-04-16	I am sure Damphair will get cast around the time of the KM
2087	chris999	2012-04-16	In the books, Theon just gets sprinkled with saltwater by Aeron before his sister even shows up, or he meets his father.
It was only a sprinkle because he is thinking that it is irritating because the water runs down his chest and back, under his clothes. He just does it to get Aeron to shut up, and take him to his father.
2088	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-16	GRRM himself mentioned in the "religions of Westeros" commentary that Theon had been drowned as a boy. I thought that ceremony was just "pledging" himself to the drowned god again, so to say.
2089	IronSuitor	2012-04-16	My impression from the books is that an actual full drowning as an adult is a rarity reserved only for people like Damphair and his followers. Most just do the baptism and call it a drowning.
2090	Envie	2012-04-16	Isn't the drowning (as in actual drowning and "resurrection") more of a ritual to introduce someone into the servitude of the Drowned God as a Drowned Man?Yes, a full drowning and then resurrecting the victim through CPR (I imagine they lost quite a few potential candidates) was done to those who wished to become a Drowned Man (priest). That scene is played out with Damphair in the beginning of a chapter with a young man, not Theon. Theon only had water poured on him, which is more of a ceremonial thing.I really liked the way they made Damphair look for the scene and how everyone was dressed in dark steel and gray and blue colors... matched so nicely with the darkness of the water and sky - very nice visual touches.
2091	The  Halfhand	2012-04-16	I thought they portrayed the scene pretty well compared to the books. It was my favorite scene in the episode.
2092	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-04-16	I could imagine seeing the drowning straight away and having no knowledge of the book could be quite startling if you don't actually know what will happen. Also, this way allows Alfie to do a bit more acting in regards to his delivery, and also the meaningful looks exchanged between him and his father.
2093	Fredwin	2012-04-16	I thought the guy they did cast in the role of the priest was pretty awesome. I  kind of wish that he was actually Aeron.
2094	Envie	2012-04-16	I'm going to correct myself in my previous post. Apparently Theon and all of his brothers were 'drowned' in the old style as a rite of passage as children. I don't remember this being stated in the books, but GRRM confirms it in this interview done as part of a "Religions of Westeros" short inside edition for the show:http://www.youtube.c...ture=plpp_videoGreat video worth watching if you want to get a feel for how religion is being interpreted for the show, but it does give a few brief snippets of scenes to come which could be considered spoilers if you don't watch previews of coming episodes so beware.
2095	Crown	2012-04-16	I sincerely hope that that actor is going to stick around, or return, as Aeron. It's the ultimate Aeron for me.
2096	Morrigan	2012-04-16	I thought the guy they did cast in the role of the priest was pretty awesome. I  kind of wish that he was actually Aeron.Hah, I thought he was too good-looking to be Damphair. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2097	int11	2012-04-16	Yes, a full drowning and then resurrecting the victim through CPR (I imagine they lost quite a few potential candidates) was done to those who wished to become a Drowned Man (priest).I must admit it is a pretty bad-ass initiation ritual.
2098	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-16	As it's already been said, there's two versions of the ritual and Theon was drowned as a rites of passage to manhood, but he just got the light version when he came back to Pyke.
All Ironborn get drowned (if they do it properly) and Damphair is held in high regard because he's never lost anyone.
2099	BearShin	2012-04-16	It would have been a departure from the books, but I would have liked to see Theon all out drowned. His character is already a bit different from in Clash and it seems like something he'd do to get some approval from daddy at this point.
2100	Greyjoy67	2012-04-16	It's 'reconsecration', not a full blown drowning.
2101	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	I wanted Theon to be drowned in this episode simply because I wanted to see my sister's reaction (she's not a book reader) when it happened. 
I so thought that was Damphair.  Good protrayal of what I expected the character to be like.
2102	BrianAlmon	2012-04-16	I knew that they had not cast Damphair but I thought the drowned priest looked like he might fit the role. Perhaps they will consider using the same actor when they do cast Aeron, and retcon this scene. Or not.
2103	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-16	Without this new video from GRRM, what did we know about the drownings? From my read of the books, I thought doing the drownings was a more recent revival of an old tradition. I interpreted it as an actual ressurection, giving more evidence of the return of magic.  Somehow I missed the skillful CPR explanation.  
(null)
					
					
							Edited by Joel N, 16 April 2012 - 09:09 PM.
2104	Envie	2012-04-16	Without this new video from GRRM, what did we know about the drownings? From my read of the books, I thought doing the drownings was a more recent revival of an old tradition. I interpreted it as an actual ressurection, giving more evidence of the return of magic.  Somehow I missed the skillful CPR explanation.  Damphair described the "kiss of life" if I remember correctly. I should drag out the book and quote the actual scene dialogue, but I'm too lazy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />There's been a lot of speculation that it was some kind of magical ritual, but in reading the text carefully, its basically drowning and resuscitation via CPR. I guess that's why Dampair was so revered because as someone else pointed out, he's so skilled at it (gifted by the Drowned God) he's never lost an initiate of the drowning.
2105	Chelly	2012-04-16	I imagined Aeron to be skinny and tall, but I did like this actor playing the Drowned Priest. He seems like he's capable enough to play the Damphair. For the little scene and lines he had, I found him to be quite awesome. Plus, I like his voice too. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
This was much more dramatic than the Damphair demanding Theon to kneel on horseshit so he can pour some water on his head. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I really loved this scene and like someone mentioned before, we got the meaningful looks and glances between Theon and Balon. Both actors are totally owning their roles, btw. Maybe I'm biased, though, I love the Greyjoys!
2106	teemo	2012-04-16	Yeah, I didn't get the impression that was Damphair, but some random priest.
2107	Chelly	2012-04-17	Yeah, I didn't get the impression that was Damphair, but some random priest.He's not, we are just saying that we wouldn't mind if he was cast as Damphair in the future. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2108	BlackTalon	2012-04-17	I thought they portrayed the scene pretty well compared to the books. It was my favorite scene in the episode.This so much, I have watched it about a dozen times now, and that is not something I usually do.That first wide angle shot just of Theon and the priest standing in the water, with the rocks and the sea for background, that incredible soundtrack playing ... that scene really blew me away. Only the first glimpse of the wall compares to it and that was CGI.I REALLY hope they keep the priest as Damphair, he was AWESOME."Let Theon your servant be born again from the sea, as you were.Bless him with salt.Bless him with stone.Bless him with steel.What is dead may never die, but rises again, harder and stronger."The Damphair in the books always came across like a sour, narrowminded, slightly hysterical zealot, but that guy was truly impressive.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 17 April 2012 - 09:55 AM.
2109	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	He's not, we are just saying that we wouldn't mind if he was cast as Damphair in the future. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I was thinking that as well.  The actor they cast played the role quite well.  It be a bit weird if he was presented as Theon's uncle later on as Theon never reacted to him as such.So far as this thread is concerned, if you watch the Religions of Westeros video the producers and Martin confirm that Theon was drowned at birth.  The baptism we saw is usually not needed at that point in the life of an Ironborn but served to wash away his link to the Starks.
2110	Wonder	2012-04-20	Damphair's voice was amazing. As Blacktalon, I had to rewatch that scene several times..."bless him with steel" gave me the goosebumps, and the pace of the music is set very well...
2111	Fredwin	2012-04-20	It was a formal ceremony and they were already in place before the camera panned in, so it wouldn't be to weird if he didn't mention "uncle". 
The reason I liked the priest was because I feel like he gives off the impression to new viewers that these Ironborn mean friggin' business.
2112	The late lady stark	2012-04-20	Still I was hoping they would show a Drowned Man ceremony. Thought it would be very dramatic and drive home how hard core the Iron Born are. 
I'll trust that those who remember the book are correct.
2113	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-20	He definitely wasn't drowned, and I'm not sure if they have had Aeron drown people ceremoniously until AFOC
2114	addie	2012-04-22	I regretted a bit that we did not get to see a full drowning (though I don't think we see one in a CCK, but later in the books). 
THis ceremony looks like a bit to much to a baptism, anf I feel non readers will loose the dramatical and thoughness of the Iron Men. 
However, I love the Pyke arc, the settings, Theon and his family.
2115	Chelly	2012-04-22	This did not bother me because it was handled more effectively on the show, imo. Aeron just pours some water on him and Theon was more annoyed by the cold water dripping down his back. It was much better on the show and held more meaning for Theon and his decision to follow his family and people. It had a much more dramatic impact than in the book.
Honestly, I couldn't think of better, cooler way to introduce the Damphair, than for his very first scene to be him "drowning" and reviving his followers. I'd like that image to be saved for Damphair's entrance on the show. It immediately gives the viewer a vibe of the kind of man Aeron is. It wouldn't be as cool or shocking if they already gave this image away.
2116	WetHair	2012-04-22	Did anyone notice the boots Theon was wearing?  They appeared to be please-spare-me-from-getting-my-lower-clothing-wet-the-water-is-frigging-cold boots and I'm amazed that the ironborn were OK with something like that.  It probably constituted the last time they gave the poor guy a break.  What a wretched family.
2117	Ice Turtle	2012-04-16	Watching scene where Cersei rages about Myrcella's betrothal reminded me of betrothals of the Starks girls, especially Arya's to Waldor Elmar Frey.Catelyn and Cersei have very different experience with arranged marriage, but still, in this I liked Cersei more than Cat, especially after we had seen what sort of life Arya would have led at the Twins, and Cat had seen it too.
2118	David Selig	2012-04-16	What's so wrong with life at the Twins?
 Besides, who said Elmar and Arya had to live there? Emmon Frey lived at the Rock and his situation was really similar to what mar's would've been if he had married Arya.
2119	Oberyn King	2012-04-16	Cersei reacted that way cause Myrcella's betrothal was Tyrion's decision, not hers.  But both Catelyn and Cersei love their kids.
2120	Iron Captain	2012-04-16	Yeah Walder was trying to get rid of family members, they probably would have lived at Winterfell.
I actually feel the opposite of the O.P.  Catelyn was sensible enough to make use of a marriage alliance, Cersei was so overprotective of her children that she went into a rage based on a good plan by Tyrion.
2121	Ser Hippie	2012-04-16	Cersei reacted that way cause Myrcella's betrothal was Tyrion's decision, not hers.  But both Catelyn and Cersei love their kids.Also important to remember is their own personal history with marriage.Cersei's marriage to Robert was a disaster, Catelyn's marriage to Ned (despite the intention being she marry Brandon) ended up being very loving.
2122	birdsong66	2012-04-16	I'll take it a step further----I don't imagine Catelyn would have taunted Mycella with the death of her brother(s) for sport, either.Her "nutty" over Mycella's future was more about Tyrion arranging it, than poor matches for royal offspring, which, BTW, they are decidedly not.  That, and the fact that men keep making decisions she feels entitled to make, by birth and position.  I'm going to love watching this malignancy fall.As for Catelyn brokering a match for Arya, I'm afraid I can't imagine any situation in which selecting a spouse for Arya, be it for the benefit of war effort or strengthening Great House alliances, would be a simple thing.  so someone better de-bastardize Gendry real quick as it is the closest to a suitable match by temperament at the moment.
2123	sennahoj	2012-04-16	I'd agree about Cersei mainly raging about the fact that the match was Tyrion's idea, which of course he knew she would. Motherly feelings aside, Cersei knows that noble children are simply pawns in the game of thrones. So she was really annoyed that Tyrion tried to play at the game with her pieces. Same with her rage about Pycelle's arrest, he's another chess piece of hers Tyrion is not supposed to touch (and play with).
2124	Ice Turtle	2012-04-16	What's so wrong with life at the Twins.Being surrounded by Freys day and night and have Walder Frey as authority over your life? A lot, especially for someone with Stark values. Cersei knows that noble children are simply pawns in the game of thrones.And women are usually only breeding mares, yes that is how things usually are, but that doesn't mean that Cersei wouldn't have tried to do things differently in position of power.
2125	birdsong66	2012-04-16	.... but that doesn't mean that Cersei wouldn't have tried to do things differently in position of power.And how's that working out for her so far?See, Cercei doesn't "try."  She "demands."  It's only one of the reasons she's not a character I can sympathize with.  YMMV, or course.
2126	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-16	Yeah in that scene I actually sympathized somewhat with Cersei which is not easy to achieve. She is still a terrible person but I understand the sentiment of not wanting her kids to be pawns of game of thrones with their well being coming second and being forced to marry who others want. But to some extend it was also her being pissed at Tyrion being behind it. Of course Myrcella being away of KL in some way does protect her well being if KL would fall. I think she has a fair point about the unfairness of children, and people, especially women being mistreated in that way being forced to marry people. And the fact that she is talking from experience also makes the scene stronger.
But too bad that Cersei doesn't share the same sentiments about people who are not her children (or herself) and are someone else's children and are abused in the game of thrones. Still her being against that kind of abuse although being against it only in a very few select cases, well it might be one of her very few positives.
Catelyn is more intelligent than Cersei and more practical, less delusional person, making a deal with Walder Frey was absolutely vital for her son's war, for the riverlands even, so she did it. She also has been luckier than Cersei in regards to arranged marriages.  Catelyn also lacks her daughters. Victories in the war might make it more likely to get them back through diplomacy which is what she is in favor after their victories and capture of Jaime Lannister. I think Catelyn is more concerned about survival/victory/regaining daughters first and to a less extend about who they would marry. I don't think that her priorities were wrong when she was negotiating.
Also as someone else said, if say Myrcella was her prisoner I don't see her treating her as badly as Cersei treated Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 16 April 2012 - 05:40 PM.
2127	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-16	Just a side-bar question:  What did that scene with Sansa and Shae mean?  I got that it showed where Shae ended up and that Shae lies about her background, but I got the feeling there was some other meaning we were supposed to interpret from their interaction.
2128	Ice Turtle	2012-04-16	Just a side-bar question:  What did that scene with Sansa and Shae mean?  I got that it showed where Shae ended up and that Shae lies about her background, but I got the feeling there was some other meaning we were supposed to interpret from their interaction.I think that they are building up for Sansa/Tyrion marriage.
2129	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-17	Just a side-bar question:  What did that scene with Sansa and Shae mean?  I got that it showed where Shae ended up and that Shae lies about her background, but I got the feeling there was some other meaning we were supposed to interpret from their interaction.I got the feeling that Sansa took it as another slight against her.  Here she is supposedly the betrothed of the king and her chambermaid is insolent and has no clue what she is supposed to be doing.  It is as if she was an afterthought or this move was intended to be a slight.  This scene had the whole shock, anger, bargaining and acceptance vibe to me.
2130	teemo	2012-04-17	I just figured Sansa was frustrated because not only was Shae incompetent, but Sansa also believes all of her chambermaids are Cersei's spies.  
However, I never remember Sansa using that kind of tone with anyone in the books, especially while she was in KL, and even when she thought the maids were spies. She's so timid and depressed in KL she hardly has the energy to barely talk to someone, let alone go off on them.
2131	Ice Turtle	2012-04-17	I just figured Sansa was frustrated because not only was Shae incompetent, but Sansa also believes all of her chambermaids are Cersei's spies.  However, I never remember Sansa using that kind of tone with anyone in the books, especially while she was in KL, and even when she thought the maids were spies. She's so timid and depressed in KL she hardly has the energy to barely talk to someone, let alone go off on them.I can remember only one person, when she was angry that was exactly how she talked with Arya.
2132	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-18	I just figured Sansa was frustrated because not only was Shae incompetent, but Sansa also believes all of her chambermaids are Cersei's spies.  However, I never remember Sansa using that kind of tone with anyone in the books, especially while she was in KL, and even when she thought the maids were spies. She's so timid and depressed in KL she hardly has the energy to barely talk to someone, let alone go off on them.Book-Sansa was far more courteous than TV-Sansa; book-Sansa was never rude to her Septa the way Sansa was in Season 1.    Sansa did mention, in her thoughts, in the books, that her maids spied on her for the queen, but I don't recall any instance where she was rude to them.  There is one time where Sansa was not so much rude as hysterical, trying to burn her clothes and ending up burning linens I think, and struggling with the maids when they tried to calm her down - that was when she woke up to her first menstrual bleed, which she knew meant that she would be married, and believed (since Joffrey had told her so) that she would be married to Joffrey.  In those circumstances, particularly after months of abuse and maintaining her calm, courteous veneer, I'd have freaked out too.  But there was no incident in the books where Sansa was rude to a servant who displeased her.
2133	Woman of War	2012-04-19	I think here we have a problem resulting from the fact that HBO Sansa is so much older than book Sansa. If she were the same timid and formally courteous child she is in the books it would hardly be believable, since we see a very tall, strong and healthy looking young woman who can certainly not be presented as a naive child. She would come over as outright stupid, there they certainly made some mistakes in series one. The HBO Sansa is a girl that would be able to speak up to people, and since they cannot show her as more actively speaking up to Cersei or Joffrey without changing the storyline of her character they are forced to make her more age adequate in her exchange with Shae. And of course, and this is a shame, there will be no menarche scene, Sansa is too old. Actually this was the part of her story where she had come most alive to me, there she was really authentic, a living, breathing girl who reacted in a completely understandable manner.
So we have here a character that will either, like in series one, act too young, naive or you might call it inexperienced for her age or there will be some changes, one is that she can get truly bratty, forgetting her courtesies towards the (supposed) weaker.
Sophie Turner looks physically strong, not princesslike fragile at all, so Sansa should be able to develop some skills of self defense or riding for her life, letting her continue as damsel in distress would make her seem unnecessarily dumb and helpless, not going along with age and looks.
But nonetheless the Shae character struck me as the stronger personality of the two, given the inferior position. HBO Shae has no idea of the danger she is in at KL, giving happily away her secrets to Varys..... Maybe this is the moment when she gets hired as spy.... But she is streetwise and full of life, not the nicest person, but interesting.
Sorry, very much off topic.
Back to topic:
It always struck me as so very cold and cruel how both Cat and Robb reacted when they heard about Sansa's marriage to Tyrion. Of course they must have believed that Tyrion had claimed his "marital rights". And there was no pity for Sansa as a person, no feeling for her pain and misery, only scorn about the betrayal to house Stark and fury about the stolen claim. But where was the beloved daughter, the little sister in it? Sansa was no longer "one of them" to Robb and Cat, she had become a lost cause, a problem. here I understood Cat's feelings much less than her emotions towards Jon.
And this makes me believe that, if Sansa had been returned to them, they would have married her off to the next guy whom they needed as ally, like they had planned with Arya but in Sansa's case straightaway. Sansa would have had to do her duty without protest, so little advantage compared to the Tyrion marriage, only in that case served by her own beloved family.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 19 April 2012 - 11:49 AM.
2134	Rapsie	2012-04-21	It always struck me as so very cold and cruel how both Cat and Robb reacted when they heard about Sansa's marriage to Tyrion. Of course they must have believed that Tyrion had claimed his "marital rights". And there was no pity for Sansa as a person, no feeling for her pain and misery, only scorn about the betrayal to house Stark and fury about the stolen claim. But where was the beloved daughter, the little sister in it? Sansa was no longer "one of them" to Robb and Cat, she had become a lost cause, a problem. here I understood Cat's feelings much less than her emotions towards Jon.I think they were quite worried for Sansa as a person as well as shocked about the betrayal. Arranged marriages are normal in Westeros. Forced marriages, when the child involved is a prisoner are not the norm. They do show quite a bit of concern for Sansa:Robb's fingers brushed the pommel of his sword. "If I could I'd take his ugly head off. Sansa would be a widow then, and free. There is no other way I can see. They made her speak the vows before a septon and don a crimson cloak."I should have let Lysa push him out her Moor Door. My poor sweet Sansa ... why would anyone do this to her?"Bring my girls back to me, Brienne. Bring them back safe. and they'll kill Sansa too once the dwarf gets a child from her.my daughter has been given to a faithless dwarf to bear his vile children Was there ever a wedding less joyful? she wondered, until she remembered her poor Sansa and her marriage to the Imp.  Mother take mercy on her. She has a gentle soul.
2135	Makea	2012-04-21	Catelyn is a more loving and protecting mother. And, as someone said before, i too believe that she would treat Myrcella differently, with more kindness anyway, than Cersei threats Sansa. 
As for the marriages, well, Catelyn did have the best interest of her son and the war in mind and I believe she also negotiated in such a way that Arya's future husband is fitting as she knows her daughter. But yes, Gendry is a better match for Arya and I hope someone will get him put og the position of the king's bastard so they can be together.
Cercei is a completly diffenrent story. I do believe she was fustrated because she wanted to be the one to decide who Myrcella will marry. Not having a mothjer to teach her what to do and how to do it is probably why she is so overprotective about her kids and she is maybe trying to compensate and this is why i believe she will make a good decision about the marriage of her children (this also seeing how her arranged marriage to Robert was not a good one). Do not get me wrong, I do not like her, but it was not her fault the marriage was a mess (again, not having a mother did have a bad influence on her and also the fact that Robert was a drunk and never showed her any affectin as he will always love Lyanna).
2136	Lykos	2012-04-21	Ice Turtle, I think itÂ´s unfair to compare these two incidents.  We donÂ´t really know how much of CerseiÂ´s outrage was due to her concern for Myrcella, or if she was just pissed because Tyrion arranged this betrothal without consulting her.  Catelyn on the other hand had little choice if she wanted Robb to succeed.  Catelyn certainly was a hard mother, very stern, but when it came down to a matter of her daughters chance for survival, she even freed Jaime knowing and accepting it could mean her own death at the hands of Robb.
I think Cersai really loved at least Joffrey and Myrcella, but I donÂ´t know how she would have acted if they stood in her way to power.  And I think she despises TommenÂ´s "weakness".
ETA:  Forget all I said, didnÂ´t notice that this was the GoT TV series subforum.
					
					
							Edited by Lykos, 21 April 2012 - 04:35 PM.
2137	Ice Turtle	2012-04-21	Ice Turtle, I think itÂ´s unfair to compare these two incidents.  We donÂ´t really know how much of CerseiÂ´s outrage was due to her concern for Myrcella, or if she was just pissed because Tyrion arranged this betrothal without consulting her.  Catelyn on the other hand had little choice if she wanted Robb to succeed.  Catelyn certainly was a hard mother, very stern, but when it came down to a matter of her daughters chance for survival, she even freed Jaime knowing and accepting it could mean her own death at the hands of Robb.I think Cersai really loved at least Joffrey and Myrcella, but I donÂ´t know how she would have acted if they stood in her way to power.  And I think she despises TommenÂ´s "weakness".We never have all information, so almost always there are more possible interpretations, and I agree that part of Cersei's rage was due to the fact that it was Tyrion who arranged marriage but because of own her bad experience Cersei is more emphatic at least in this situation. In the books Cat thinks that hers and Lysa's marriages are similar before Blackfish tels her otherwise. About Jaime, I think she let him go because she was desperate after her sons' deaths. Of course she loved her children, but for me it always felt like she made Sophie's choice a little too easily when it come to crossing the Twins. It helped Robb but even Robb tells her that Arya will hate it.
2138	Ice Turtle	2012-04-21	ETA:  Forget all I said, didnÂ´t notice that this was the GoT TV series subforum.I know the books better than the show anyway, always have to look if the scene was there on the screen or not, in the show Cersei's rage is much stronger.
2139	Envie	2012-04-16	This is worth watching:http://www.youtube.c...ture=plpp_videoGreat info from GRRM regarding all of the various religions that are coming into play in the the game, as well as some snippets of 'reveals' for future episodes, so don't watch it if you don't want to spoil any scenes coming this season, there's a few spoiler moments in there.I was disappointed George didn't touch on the religions across the narrow sea (especially the Faceless Men's religion, one of my favorite stories w/ Arya) but that's ok - I'm taking it they are trying to keep it within the realm of Westeros as well as this season's story progression.It's always interesting to me to hear "The Lord of Light" religion compared to early 16th and 17th century Christianity (when 'burning' people as heretics was common). The Fire God, seems to be so important to the story at the ending we're left with in Dance with Dragons with the wall and Stannis, etc, but most people are just starting to piece together the "Fire and Ice" theme happening. Melisandre's part in the story seems to be like that of a 'crusader' of early Christianity... to go forth and burn all of those who would follow pagan gods. There's no big reveals in this interview, but it was still really helpful to me to see how the author's interpretation of religions has translated over the producer's explanations of it on film.
2140	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-17	I wish I had sound on this work computer.
The Lord of Light always seemed to strongly parallel Christianity in my eyes.  When I first started reading CoK I was distraught at first because I was thinking for a bit that I had gotten myself into reading something with strong undertones when I saw things like "the one and only true god" et cetera.
Does the video make parallels between the other shows religions and real world religions?
2141	Chelly	2012-04-17	Thank you for the link. Interesting to watch. This is for the show, so maybe they were only focusing on the religions presented on the show so far? It would be cool if they do another one later down the road(assuming the show makes it that far), that shows more of the Essos based religions. I wouldn't have minded another clip for the Dothraki religion but I guess its not as front and center as the other 3. Still a good watch. though. I like all of the HBO extras and enjoy them. They are a good idea.
2142	isiman	2012-04-17	I wish I had sound on this work computer.The Lord of Light always seemed to strongly parallel Christianity in my eyes.  When I first started reading CoK I was distraught at first because I was thinking for a bit that I had gotten myself into reading something with strong undertones when I saw things like "the one and only true god" et cetera.Does the video make parallels between the other shows religions and real world religions?Probably it's the religion of the 7  the one with most resemblance with Christianity (especially Catholicism).The Lord of Light seems to me that it's a dual religion, The Great Other, so zoroastrianism would be closer.
2143	Envie	2012-04-17	I wish I had sound on this work computer.The Lord of Light always seemed to strongly parallel Christianity in my eyes.  When I first started reading CoK I was distraught at first because I was thinking for a bit that I had gotten myself into reading something with strong undertones when I saw things like "the one and only true god" et cetera.Does the video make parallels between the other shows religions and real world religions?Not directly, but George did make some parallels in his interview that matched real world religious customs and history. It's more the spiritualism and culture that seems important in Westeros. The symbolism and idol worshiping are strong themes. Each religion has its 'image' that is central to the belief. The thing is, if the Lord of Light is the Fire God as Martin says in this interview, who is the Ice God - the Others? The Old Gods of the Starks and other northerners is explained as the gods of the children of the forest, but is not ice - is more like native american spiritualism... of nature, trees, mountains, etc.
2144	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	I agree with isiman.  Xtianity and the 7, especially with the repression and upcoming new indepence from the state by cersei's actions.
2145	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-17	I never really noticed/thought about Syrio's comment that, "There is only one god, and His name is Death," before, but it sounds a lot like the religion of the Faceless Men. Interesting...
2146	teemo	2012-04-17	Yes, this is a really awesome video that clearly explains the religions of the show, and the best part of using GRRM himself.  Disappointed as well with no religions across the narrow sea, but that would just be too confusing to viewers right now.
2147	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-18	Ah, http://youtu.be/DIe0Q3PgcOw?t=7m12s
The Prince who was Promised is Azor Ahai!  (That is, GRRM refers to Lightbringer being a token of the Prince who was Promised, though Melisandre always on about Azor Ahai.)
2148	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	I wonder why they never mention where Melisandre comes from specifically?
Isn't she from Asshai?  And that location was mentioned by Jorah in season 1.
Anyways that video was awesome.
It did seem to me that the seven was like catholocism, the old gods like many early religions, rh'llor like fervent christianity, and the drowned god is pretty unique and probably derived from a random pirate/viking type discovering the wonders of cpr and building a religion and culture from it.
2149	Envie	2012-04-18	I wonder why they never mention where Melisandre comes from specifically?Isn't she from Asshai?  And that location was mentioned by Jorah in season 1.It was mentioned by Jorah because Mirri Maz Duur, the maegi who brought Drogo 'back to life' trained there.Yes, Melisandre is from Asshai - here is her wiki entry: http://awoiaf.wester....php/MelisandreAsshai is considered to lie under the 'Shadow' that is the cursed Shadow lands though we know little about those Shadow Lands. Magic and necromancy, wizardry are said to be practiced openly there.This furthers the theory that the things Melisandre births are "Shadows" or demons by many mythological standards and not actually living creatures or 'sons' of flesh.
2150	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	Thanks Envie.  I was just asking because everytime I see Melisandre spoken of in an interview they always say she is from elsewhere, a land far away, a foreigner.  I don't see why they wouldn't just say she is from Asshai.
2151	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-18	Where is the Prince that was Promised mentioned in the text? Is this new that the Prince that was Promised = Azor Ahai reborn?
2152	Hyper	2012-04-18	I never really noticed/thought about Syrio's comment that, "There is only one god, and His name is Death," before, but it sounds a lot like the religion of the Faceless Men. Interesting...Not really. The faceless men are all about embracing death. Syrio says "not today" to death. They are opposites.
2153	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	I interpreted saying that in a practical way.
Kind of making the statement that it doesn't matter who you worship if you're dead so do what you can to fend it off at all cost.
I never viewed it as him actually saying he prays to the god Death or what have you.
2154	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-18	Not really. The faceless men are all about embracing death. Syrio says "not today" to death. They are opposites.If that's the case, then why didn't Jaqen embrace death when he was surely going to die when the wagon caught fire? I think it stands to argue that the FM are disciples of Death, but not necessarily eager to go into it so quickly...But I agree with what The Bastard of Bolton says. I never actually believed it either. Just pointing out it could be an interesting bit of ammo for someone attempting to argue the whole Syrio=Jaqen thing for the show.
2155	stormborns	2012-04-20	Probably it's the religion of the 7  the one with most resemblance with Christianity (especially Catholicism).The Lord of Light seems to me that it's a dual religion, The Great Other, so zoroastrianism would be closer.IMHO, Catholicism fits the bill with the Lord of Light very closely.  The 7 goes very much against Catholicism, except for the whole Trinity, but besides that the 7 don't fit, since it involves multiple entities representing the one.  On the other Hand, R'hllor represents God while the darkness (I think Milesandre referrs to it as that at some point?) represent the Devil.  Plus the burning, the prayer, the night is dark seems to run parrallels with the white and black pasternoster.  Although, the pasternosters also have parralells with Sansa's hymn.  Food for thought...
2156	stormborns	2012-04-20	Not really. The faceless men are all about embracing death. Syrio says "not today" to death. They are opposites.Syrio is a Braavosi, and the religion of the Faceless men seems to be the most dominant in Braavos.  Maybe 'Not today' are words spoken in Braavos when they wish not to be 'gifted' with death by the Faceless Men?
2157	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-20	IMHO, Catholicism fits the bill with the Lord of Light very closely.  The 7 goes very much against Catholicism, except for the whole Trinity, but besides that the 7 don't fit, since it involves multiple entities representing the one.  On the other Hand, R'hllor represents God while the darkness (I think Milesandre referrs to it as that at some point?) represent the Devil.  Plus the burning, the prayer, the night is dark seems to run parrallels with the white and black pasternoster.  Although, the pasternosters also have parralells with Sansa's hymn.  Food for thought...So Catholicism doesn't fit the bill except for the part that fits the bill exactly?
2158	Hyper	2012-04-20	Yeah, it's really hard to argue against the 7 being a very closely based upon the medieval (catholic) church. They just have so much in common in their hierarchy and structure. Others have made the point that the R'hllor worship can be compared to more extremist fundamentalist Christian or Islamic branches.
An interesting point is that the drowned god worship also has christian elements in it - The baptism/blessing element.
2159	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-16	So, the Lannister solider that takes Needle and subsequently kills Lommy Greenhands.
Is that supposed to be Polliver?
I'm mostly asking because he obviously fits the role, and I can not remember whether the role Polliver was cast?
2160	TheHedgeWizard	2012-04-17	i assumed it was polliver.
2161	teemo	2012-04-17	It was Raff the Sweetling in the books, but for some reason I wanted to think it was Polliver.  Maybe they are cutting Raff.  He doesn't seem too necessary.
2162	Ski the Swift	2012-04-17	I was a bit upset with this season. No "WINTERFELL!" or "HOTPIE!!!"
2163	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	I was a bit upset with this season. No "WINTERFELL!" or "HOTPIE!!!"I was too, but seeing as how ridiculous Marg sounding shouting out "Loras!  Highgarden!" , I'm glad they cut it. I think he's meant to be the Tickler.  I was checking out some previews and it appears he's the one who's doing the tickling.
2164	The Monkey	2012-04-17	It was Polliver who took Needle and Raff who killed Lommy, so I guess have combined the who roles for the show.
2165	Maginor	2012-04-17	It is Polliver. The actor is Andy Kellegher http://www.irish-act..._kellegher.htmlIirc he was never announced. The Tickler was announced earlier and is being played by Antony Morris.
					
					
							Edited by Maginor, 17 April 2012 - 05:50 AM.
2166	Arkash	2012-04-17	Well, on this occasion, I find it sad they cast multiple roles.
I would have preffered Polliver, Raff, the Tickler to be the same character in the show, it would have been better to really create one character that stands out, but, well...
2167	Ski the Swift	2012-04-17	I was too, but seeing as how ridiculous Marg sounding shouting out "Loras!  Highgarden!" , I'm glad they cut it.I think he's meant to be the Tickler.  I was checking out some previews and it appears he's the one who's doing the tickling.That was Marg though. The laugh out loud factor would have been tremendous had we have had "Hotpie!!!"
2168	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-17	It is Polliver. The actor is Andy Kellegher http://www.irish-act..._kellegher.htmlIirc he was never announced. The Tickler was announced earlier and is being played by Antony Morris.I can just imagine the threads next week.  "Kellegher is too attractive to play Polliver."
2169	Davos55	2012-04-17	I will be sad if they cut Raff the Sweetling. I am really curious as to what is going to happen with him for some reason in the books. I hope he comes into the show at some point, but it is not likely.
2170	tearloch	2012-04-17	That was Marg though. The laugh out loud factor would have been tremendous had we have had "Hotpie!!!"But has he ever been called Hotpie in the show?  I know we all call him that, but I don't remember that name ever being said on the show.  It would be funny for the readers, but confusing and/or meaningless to the viewers.
2171	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-17	If Hotpie not shouting Hotpie is seen as a legitimate criticism of the episode then it backs up the consensus that it was nearly perfect. I don't know that I can think of a potential change from the books that could less detract from the plot, character development, imagery or atmosphere of the books
2172	int11	2012-04-17	But has he ever been called Hotpie in the show?  I know we all call him that, but I don't remember that name ever being said on the show.  It would be funny for the readers, but confusing and/or meaningless to the viewers.Yes, we have heard the name (most recently in episode 2 -- "Lommy and Hot Pie can't know". "Hot Pie, tell Gendry ...",  etc). But I agree it might be confusing for viewers nonetheless. "Hot Pie? What?"
2173	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-17	As sad as the absence of Hot Pie's battle cry may be, it's wholly unnecessary in the grand scheme of things. They get the important parts right, and usually when adapting for TV that means you need to deviate from the written narrative. The same is true with character conflation--visual media require much smaller casts for memorable characters to stand out. I'm glad The Tickler is another part, though. Arya needs a nice, long, fleshed-out lineup for her war prayer, so there can't be too much conflation.
2174	Chelly	2012-04-17	I can just imagine the threads next week.  "Kellegher is too attractive to play Polliver." He's HAWT!! Lol. I thought he was kind of cute in the episode, but I couldn't really tell while he was stabbing a little boy in his throat.Well, on this occasion, I find it sad they cast multiple roles.I would have preffered Polliver, Raff, the Tickler to be the same character in the show, it would have been better to really create one character that stands out, but, well...I agree with this. Maybe the Tickler can be on his own because he's so twisted, but I think it could have work if they merged Raff and Polliver.
2175	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Not sure if this in on or off topic, but Lommy getting killed off early made me happy.  Couldn't stand him.
2176	Envie	2012-04-17	Not sure if this in on or off topic, but Lommy getting killed off early made me happy.  Couldn't stand him.Yeah I have to say having Lommy die now is probably for the best. The show won't have time to film out all of the ramblings the kids do across the countryside anyways, so we were probably spared Lommy's constant whining and everyone trying to get along for those scenes. At least they merged the actual scene of how he died into the present one for consistency if not correct timing from the books. I appreciated that.
2177	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	I wanna see Reese.  Could be a great character if cast right.  
I think they should have raff and poliver.  Makes for a better scene with the hound later
2178	Independent George	2012-04-17	I think they should have raff and poliver.  Makes for a better scene with the hound laterIn the books, that scene was Polliver and the Tickler, not Raff. Raff is the one that meets Jaime outside Harrenhal, and will likely be cut.
2179	Mulled Wino	2012-04-17	Got it.  Twas confused apparently.
2180	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-17	I thought it was The Tickler. I read a cast report for his character weeks ago so I thought this might be him making his first appearance.
2181	Fredwin	2012-04-18	Polliver and Amory Lorch may not look how I imagined them, but they are already shaping up to be the perfect bastards to hate. Can't wait for the Harrenhal scenes.
2182	BlackTalon	2012-04-18	I can just imagine the threads next week.  "Kellegher is too attractive to play Polliver."Not too atractive, but maybe a good deal to short ... I looked at the link and it says he is 5'9'', that is about a full foot shorter than the Hound, Rory McCann.That wonÂ´t look right when he is fighting the Hound at the inn.
2183	teemo	2012-04-18	I always pictured the Tickler to be really short, but not Polliver, really.
2184	strifed169	2012-04-18	Polliver and Amory Lorch may not look how I imagined them, but they are already shaping up to be the perfect bastards to hate. Can't wait for the Harrenhal scenes.Armory Lorch looked like a smaller version of Sandor Clegane
2185	BlackTalon	2012-04-18	Yes. Martin wrote in the inn fight scene that Polliver was almost as tall as the Hound.
2186	Morrigan	2012-04-18	I wanna see Reese.  Could be a great character if cast right.  I think they should have raff and poliver.  Makes for a better scene with the hound later*Weese, you mean?Yes. Martin wrote in the inn fight scene that Polliver was almost as tall as the Hound..... OMG, who the hell CARES. Seriously. There's so much legit criticism to aim at the show and you're nitpicking the height of a super-minor character, when said height doesn't even matter to the story in any way? *facepalm*
2187	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	If we knew nothing of Polliver being cast might be that we will get lucky and they concealed Ramsay's casting as well.
2188	Myrddin	2012-04-18	As I have no memory of Polliver or Raff, but do remember the Tickler (from last reading Clash 5 or 6 years ago) I'd say all three could be rolled together.
Polliver the Raffian Tickler
2189	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-18	The Tickler is confirmed as cast http://winteriscomin...anthony-morris/ so it'll have to be Polliver the sweetling.
2190	ikriti	2012-04-18	I was too, but seeing as how ridiculous Marg sounding shouting out "Loras!  Highgarden!" , I'm glad they cut it.Agreed. 1/2 isn't bad.
2191	teemo	2012-04-19	The Tickler definitely cannot be combined with anyone.  He is too special of a specimen.
2192	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-19	I thought it was Polliver too, but can see why they just combined the characters. I also was looking forward to seeing Arya shout WINTERFELL! I know they have to cut things, and overall I liked the scene, but it didn't explain why Lommy couldn't walk did it? I am looking forward to next week though.
2193	Dirty Steve	2012-04-19	My Problem with this scene is that Arya was not chopping hands off and just going out like a punk. Arya is possibly the most bad ass pov in the series IMO. they are doing her dirty and that is not cool. WINTEFELL WINTERFELL. Hot pie is called hot pie many times in the show btw.
2194	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-20	This makes me wonder if they will keep Chiswyck in it or if they will merge his character in Polliver also.
Thereby maybe having Arya retrieve Needle as she leaves Harrenhal and then just having it be The Tickler and random Lannister solider vs Sandor at the inn.
2195	Tewks44	2012-04-19	A scene that really bothered me was when Tyrion was telling Little Finger about his next scheme.  He said that he would like to see Jaime released, and Little Finger would profit because he would be able to see his beloved Caitlyn.  From what I could gather Tyrion is going to send Little Finger to negotiate Jaime's release.  Being somewhat of a purist this scene really bothers me.  First of all, in the books Jaime's release wasn't made evident until the beginning of ASoS, so if it's in the 4th or 5th episode they have REALLY pushed it forward.  Secondly, Caitlyn released Jaime on her own accord in the books, she didn't negotiate with Little Finger.  Also, what does this mean for Little Finger?  I can't remember what Little Finger's role was in ACoK to be honest, but will this significantly alter the role Little Finger will play in the story?
2196	Ran	2012-04-15	A place to discuss the upcoming episode. Book spoilers are allowed.
2197	TheEvilKing	2012-04-15	Preview vid.So we have Renly and our first glimpse of Margaery, the fallout of Jon's spying, more Ironborn scenes, more warging with Bran, what looks like Tyrion's gambit with Pycelle/LF/Varys and the marriage propositions, and the attack on the Night's Watch recruits. Nothing unexpected really. Looking forward to seeing Renly & co.I have a feeling we won't see any Stannis in the next ep.
2198	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	Are we expecting Brienne to be introduced this episode?
2199	Maginor	2012-04-15	Are we expecting Brienne to be introduced this episode?In the preview there are scenes from the melee where she is fighting Loras, so yes.
2200	legba11	2012-04-15	I predict the episode ends with announcement that Stannis has set sail from Dragonstone.
2201	DragonAge93	2012-04-15	I actually think the episode will end with the attack on Yoren and his Night's Watch recruits. That'll be a turning point in Arya story, as her only real way to get home is destroyed, and it'll leave the audience on a cliffhanger with Yoren's death and all.
2202	soundsci	2012-04-15	I actually think the episode will end with the attack on Yoren and his Night's Watch recruits. That'll be a turning point in Arya story, as her only real way to get home is destroyed, and it'll leave the audience on a cliffhanger with Yoren's death and all.Yep, came in here just to make this prediction. Unfortunately, Yoren's death probably won't have a big impact on the TV audience since we have barely gotten to see Arya interact with him.Maybe I'm alone here but I'm most looking forward to more warging scenes tonight. The scene in the first episode was fantastic! But I wonder if it will actually be warging scenes this episode or if Bran will dream one of Jojen's dreams since HBO's summary of tonight's episode mentions dream analysis. We'll just have to wait and see, I suppose /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2203	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-15	form the preview i could see Asha and Theon, I am looking forward to this really. I am sure she will be great. Finally Brienne. i am looking forward to Bran warging into summer.
2204	Auska	2012-04-15	I think Brienne is the moment I'm most waiting for this entire season. Tonight should be good.
To-night's the ni-ightâ<U+0080>¦
2205	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	I think Brienne is the moment I'm most waiting for this entire season. Tonight should be good.To-night's the ni-ightâ<U+0080>¦Ditto.  Can't wait to meet Brienne.  Interesting that Christie got the part because a fan contacted her agent to alert the agent to this role--wonder if that was someone from here?   Makes me happy, too, for some reason, that she's read and studied the books, feels she's come to know Brienne inside and out.  Can't wait!http://www.sfx.co.uk...stie-interview/
2206	Proudwing	2012-04-15	I hope we do see some Stannis in this episode, but I fear that there won't be enough time in an hour.
2207	Ran	2012-04-15	I think Christie indicated she was already interested in the role, and the fan (Paul Gude, I think) contacting her agent about it was just confirmation that she was right to be interested.
2208	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-15	I'm really looking forward to seeing Margaery and Brienne tonight, although I doubt we'll be seeing any Dany.
Ran, can I ask what you think about the show's version of Margaery?
2209	ClashOfTheAsh	2012-04-15	what time does the show air at to night??
 /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
2210	Chelly	2012-04-15	Count me in as those who are itching to see Brienne. Christie looks fantastic as Brienne from the snippets we had of her and I love Brienne! I'm interested in Margaery, too, because she's clearly going to have a lot more to do than in the books. I think the attack on Yoren and NW recruits will happen this episode. Whoever said that is at the end, I think that's about right.
I am also looking forward to more ironborn stuff and Theon. I don't think Stannis will be featured much in this episode because they need to focus a little more on Renly this time.
2211	legba11	2012-04-15	I expect the attack on Team Yoren tonight too, just not at the end.
2212	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-04-15	So glad Christie has put so much effort into the role (reading all the books, exploring the character, and do loads of exercises). Can't wait to see her portrayal!
2213	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-15	Really excited to see Brienne as well, hope she steals the show.
The only thing I dread and hope is over with as soon as possible is that ridiculous dress Margery has, no not the one with the glorious cleavage, the one where she is shaped like a tornado.. I'm embarrassed to even look at that one lol.
2214	Chelly	2012-04-15	Really excited to see Brienne as well, hope she steals the show.The only thing I dread and hope is over with as soon as possible is that ridiculous dress Margery has, no not the one with the glorious cleavage, the one where she is shaped like a tornado.. I'm embarrassed to even look at that one lol.Lol!I wonder if her trying attempting to sleep with Renly will happen this episode and what will come of it. Would he? I'd like to see the dynamic between Marg/Renly/Loras because you know... awkward. /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
2215	Caro99	2012-04-15	can't wait to see brienne asking renly to be in the rainbow guard and Cat and Renly talking. Balon and Theon, Cersei angry with tyrion, and i think tyrion will tell shae that she is becoming sansa's maid now, so want to see both girl's reaction to this. hopefully they do the whole dontos/godswood/sansa stuff in this episode as well... and maybe some joff/sandor interaction would be nice as well
2216	boojam	2012-04-15	I actually think the episode will end with the attack on Yoren and his Night's Watch recruits. That'll be a turning point in Arya story, as her only real way to get home is destroyed, and it'll leave the audience on a cliffhanger with Yoren's death and all.Was kind of hoping they would hold that to E4, but from the preview looks as if the fight at the hold fast will maybe end the episode. Well that bring Jaqen onstage for a bit again.
2217	wolverine	2012-04-15	Brienne's actress is much more attractive than the Brienne described in the books.
2218	Lyeder	2012-04-15	She had to be, no?
Tyrion is also better looking than described in the books.
2219	Lady IronHeart	2012-04-15	Lol!I wonder if her trying attempting to sleep with Renly will happen this episode and what will come of it. Would he? I'd like to see the dynamic between Marg/Renly/Loras because you know... awkward. /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />First time posting! Hi guys /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I may be the only one, but I kind of like Margaery's big-collared dress. Her outfits scream of high fashion to me, which I think is appropriate considering how pretentious the Tyrells can be. And it's gonna really piss off Cersei when Margaery eventually shows up in King's Landing looking all glamorous in her haute couture. LolAs for the Marg/Renly/Loras triangle, there are some great snippets of what's to come that can be found on the HBO OnDemand "inside Series" set of mini-featurettes. I particularly enjoy one scene that is shown where Renly is trying to get it on with Loras and the young knight pushes him away and says some like, "Not tonight. There's another Tyrell who requires your attention." Ouch!!Can't wait for tonight's episode. Especially Brienne /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
2220	Queensmoot	2012-04-15	I'm wondering if we'll get the "come to the Godswood tonight if you want to go home" letter tonight, or after Joff has her stripped next week. If they go by the books timeline it should be tonight, but I can see them waiting to show how badly things really are for her before they dangle some hope in front of the audience.
also - MAID OF TARTH!!! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2221	Crown	2012-04-15	Unfortunately I'll have to wait 'till tomorrow. Since I live in the lovely Netherlands, and I don't HBO, I need to wait for the download. Like most of the people here, I'm really looking forward to the Maid of Tarth, she really grow on me in the books.
2222	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	First time posting! Hi guys /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I may be the only one, but I kind of like Margaery's big-collared dress. Her outfits scream of high fashion to me, which I think is appropriate considering how pretentious the Tyrells can be. And it's gonna really piss off Cersei when Margaery eventually shows up in King's Landing looking all glamorous in her haute couture. LolHello there, and welcome to the boards!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Though, I gotta say I totally hate Margaery's dress--waaaay too super-future outer-space for me. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2223	Lord Barristan	2012-04-15	I really hope that when Lorch's men attack Yoren and co. Arya yells "winterfell!" and Hot Pie yells "Hot Pie Hot Pie!!!!" 
Also is there any chance we meet any new iron born this episode? I know Victarion and Damphair werent cast, but i hope they get mentioned as both do appear in CLASH and i want Balon to atkeast acknowledge that they exist. Is Dagmer Cleftjaw in the show? What about Wex?
What about Tyrion and Shagga vs Pycelle? That's another scene I'm dying to watch
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 15 April 2012 - 04:32 PM.
2224	Chelly	2012-04-15	Welcome Lady IronHeart! Hot couture is pretty lost on me(I've always been a jeans and t-shirt girl), but if anyone in Westeros rocks the high fashion, it would be the Tyrells. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
Just a few more hours longer, guys! I can't wait. I'm also looking forward to Theon's "baptism". I think that happens in this episode.
2225	Chelly	2012-04-15	Also is there any chance we meet any new iron born this episode? I know Victarion and Damphair werent cast, but i hope they get mentioned as both do appear in CLASH and i want Balon to atkeast acknowledge that they exist. Is Dagmer Cleftjaw in the show? What about Wex?Yes, Dagmer is in the show so we will probably meet him in this episode. /pirate.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':pirate:' />EDIT: Black Lorren was cast as well. I can't remember if Wex was, though.
					
					
							Edited by Chelly, 15 April 2012 - 04:35 PM.
2226	Lord Barristan	2012-04-15	Awesome I am enjoying the iron born stuff the most so far, along with Arya of course. Maisie Williams is just so, so awesome... And I am growing on Gendry, even though I always said "jendry" and hot pie and lommy are hilarious.
2227	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	And I am growing on Gendry, even though I always said "jendry"Me, too, always said 'jendry.'  And now tonight, what about Brienne?  Is it gonna be bree-EN.  Or, BRI-uny?
2228	Crown	2012-04-15	Awesome I am enjoying the iron born stuff the most so far, along with Arya of course. Maisie Williams is just so, so awesome... And I am growing on Gendry, even though I always said "jendry" and hot pie and lommy are hilarious.Same here, also said 'jilly' instead of 'gilly'.
2229	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-15	I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sly oneâ<U+0080><U+0093>twoâ<U+0080><U+0093>three trick that catches Pycelle spying for Cersei, which gets the slimy grey ratsheep consigned to the black cells, beardless.
2230	Cosca's Goat	2012-04-15	I feel so unoriginal now...really looking forward to the maid of Tarth as well, though I noticed in a shot she didn't have her blue armour. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Do you think they'll make a big deal out of the melee? I hope they do...was a cool scene to read.
Gotsta wait for the stream or download tomorrow! Poor England and poor me with no sky /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2231	Chelly	2012-04-15	I do hope we get some melee action before Brienne takes off her helm and reveals herself. It was a cool scene. It will be the first real action scene involving a female fighter, not counting Syrio training Arya.
2232	Morrigan	2012-04-15	I hope we get the line, "Shagga, cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats". /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2233	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	And now tonight, what about Brienne?  Is it gonna be bree-EN.  Or, BRI-uny?I ask again, how does everybody say the Maid of Tarth's first name?bree-ENorBRI-uny?
2234	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-15	I say it like the word "bitch " ( dog female) in french  = chienne
so Bree  en
					
					
							Edited by ghost the direwolf, 15 April 2012 - 05:22 PM.
2235	legba11	2012-04-15	The guy who reads the books on tape (who Martin hand picked, so I assume they have some contact) says Bri een.
The mods should just start the the "Brienne isn't ugly enough thread so it doesn't fill up the discussion thread"
2236	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	.The mods should just start the the "Brienne isn't ugly enough thread so it doesn't fill up the discussion thread" /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Don't forget about the 'Margaery is too old/worldly to be the real Margaery' thread.
2237	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-15	I'm really interested to see that conversation between Arya and Yoren that they show on so many previews where she asks, "How do you sleep?" 
Also interested to see the Marg actress is portrayed as I never imagined her older than Renly or Loras.  And I never imagined her as being the brains behind the Tyrell alliance.
Very eager to see if TV Asha actually retains some of the character of book Asha.
And I definitely want to know which pronunciation of Brienne they are using it.  I usually use the "Brianne" pronunciation because I know two people who have that name with the Brienne spelling but I've heard it pronounced so many different ways.
2238	ipsuel	2012-04-15	I ask again, how does everybody say the Maid of Tarth's first name?bree-ENorBRI-uny?I say BREE-ann
2239	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	I say BREE-annThis'll be fun tonight, to see what they do with the name.  Virtual lemon cakes to the winners!
2240	N. Baratheon	2012-04-15	I think this episode is where we'll see how they're dealing with the absence of Jojen and Meera. I really hope they show up in season 3.
2241	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-15	I have no idea what all those pseudo-spellings mean, but using standard IPA phonetics, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s quite simply [briËÉ<U+009B>n]. Mr Martin has always pronounced it that way.
2242	Chelly	2012-04-15	I ask again, how does everybody say the Maid of Tarth's first name?bree-ENorBRI-uny?I would say Bree-en. Sorry i didn't know you were asking us, I thought you were just wondering in general. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
2243	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	sorry--double post.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 15 April 2012 - 06:31 PM.
2244	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	Can't wait til we get to see Jaime and Brienne together, down the line.  Two seriously tall, blond and muscular warriors, staff and distaff.
 /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 15 April 2012 - 06:32 PM.
2245	teemo	2012-04-15	YES BRIENNE LORAS RENLY OMG! /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
2246	Chelly	2012-04-15	Do you guys think they are going to show Dany in this episode at all. Will they finally reach Qarth? Maybe that will be the ending of the episode. I
2247	teemo	2012-04-15	Do you guys think they are going to show Dany in this episode at all. Will they finally reach Qarth? Maybe that will be the ending of the episode. II hope not..maybe we can just skip her this season /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Get back to her at the end of book 5 with Drogon...oh wait, we need the house of undying.
2248	Winter's Knight	2012-04-15	I hope not..maybe we can just skip her this season /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Get back to her at the end of book 5 with Drogon...oh wait, we need the house of undying.And Meeren. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
2249	teemo	2012-04-15	Oh, and Daario.  Maybe we'll get to see his blue pubes. /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 15 April 2012 - 06:45 PM.
2250	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-15	This'll be fun tonight, to see what they do with the name.  Virtual lemon cakes to the winners!It'll be fun to also see how the other characters pronounce it.  I've often noticed that some characters pronounce certain names differently than others.  Sometimes there's a difference between Northern and Southern characters.  For example, Cersei and Cat pronounce Sansa differently than Ned and Arya.
2251	Chelly	2012-04-15	I hope not..maybe we can just skip her this season /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Get back to her at the end of book 5 with Drogon...oh wait, we need the house of undying.And skip Dracarys! I think not! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />C'mon, seriously, I know she's not well-liked but some of us do still love her. /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> You got to admit that Emilia Clarke has been stellar in her role.I for one am looking forward to what she will be up to this season.
2252	David Selig	2012-04-15	I am really looking forward to the scenes at Renly's camp. Cat meeting him, our first look at Brienne and Margaery -  I can't wait.
2253	Addam	2012-04-15	It looks like this episode will also have some sort of Tyrion's scheme of feeding 3 different plans to Pycelle, Littlefinger and Varys.  I'm not sure there is enough time to make this significant to the TV audience, and fear it will fall flat.   Hope it does better than I feel it will.
2254	iheartseverus	2012-04-15	It looks like this episode will also have some sort of Tyrion's scheme of feeding 3 different plans to Pycelle, Littlefinger and Varys.  I'm not sure there is enough time to make this significant to the TV audience, and fear it will fall flat.   Hope it does better than I feel it will.Actually, the dedicated tv audience catches on very quickly to the nuances of this series--amazingly so.  After the episode, I come here to see what everybody's saying, then go right over to TWoP to see the input from the Unsullied there (non-book readers) and I just about guarantee they'll already be zeroed in on Tyrion's 1, 2, 3.  That, and I'm guessing, the sheer... startlement of Brienne, plus the awkward 3-way relationship with Margaery, Loras and Renly.  Good stuff coming up!
2255	Lord of Oop North	2012-04-15	Need more Shagga.
2256	teemo	2012-04-15	And more HOT PIE!!!
2257	DanyStark	2012-04-15	I cannot wait! Will we see Storm's End? I HOPE SO!!!!!!!!!!!
2258	samgurl775	2012-04-15	Can't wait for some Renly scenes /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2259	OliveJonSnow	2012-04-15	Season 1 followed the book so closely, right down to exact phrases.
Not so with season 2.  
I'm rolling with the punches.
2260	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-15	This is madness people actually exist that want to see Brienne in favor of Dany? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
